- YouTube Insider Exposes How The Algorithm ACTUALLY Works: Kind: captions Language: en the YouTube Insider just revealed three ways the algorithm actually works and what I found interesting is how it act like switches inside of a platform that when triggered will push your content to thousands of new viewers and subscribers you see my guess is you spend hours crafting every single video that you post on YouTube you pour your heart and your soul into the ideas you pick the scripts you write the videos you film the content you edit y every single time you hit publish you're disappointed with a result but why why are your videos failing when you feel you're doing everything the so-called experts tell you well what if I told you it's got nothing to do with you as a Creator the niche that you've picked or the amount of effort you put into your videos and instead the real problem is a simple lack of understanding of how the YouTube algorithm Works what the hell are you talking about well in this video I'm going to try and convince you of that I'm going to share with you three insights this YouTube Insider revealed that going to the Deep mechanics of how the YouTube algorithm works and once you're aware of these insights you'll be able to create content that reaches out to brand new audiences and build a community around your channel so who is this YouTube Insider well his name is Todd and he's responsible for the homepage and recommendation systems at YouTube and he's been working on them for over a decade now so if anyone knows how the YouTube algorithm works it's Todd we as a Creator Community appreciate Todd because he's willing to put himself out there on video and post on social media to talk about how how YouTube works and it's these latest round of tweets for xers or twixes that caught our attention and it starts with this the algorithm is triggered by high satisfaction content now it makes sense the algorithm pushes content that clearly satisfies viewers however most creators think that this is only determined by metrics so we're talking about watch time retention likes shares comments but this is where Todd revealed an important factor that many creators basically Miss at the YouTube level a user coming back more often and watching content they report as valued is a strong sign we are improving satisfaction what I think Todd is hinting at here is that the algorithm highly values returning viewers which naturally means that you should be optimizing your videos so that viewers come back and watch more of your content in the future which leaves us with a big question how do we optimize content so that we create return viewers well let's take a look at what Todd said the audience tab in analytics provides ins ites into videos that attracted new viewers to your channel who came back to watch on another day I think this is a good signal for satisfaction along with likes subscribers shares and some comments the audience tab is like a window into your audience's mind where you can see what videos are causing people to return to your content so break down your top videos that created the most returned viewers in your analytics Tab and ask yourself are there any patterns you notice between these videos and if fact isn't enough to convince you to stop making random videos on random topics for a random audience then you'll just end up like this the second Insight Todd revealed was this if you want the algorithm to push your videos you need to create a community feedback Council which I'll come back to in a minute the reason this is so powerful is that it gives you a potent set of ideas that resonate greatly with your audience which means that they're always going to be coming back to watch more of your content I haven't shared the story before but when the world was coming out of the covid lockdown and more people were touching grass the vid IQ YouTube channel was really struggling views were way down there were as many people subscribing and it was a really big headache to try and figure out I mean here we are trying to guide creators to grow their channels and our channel was shrinking so what did we do we turned to our community for feedback we used the community tab we ran polls we asked questions we doubled up our live stream offering from not just Channel audits but also video Audits and a constant Fe team kept coming back to us the majority of our audience were small Channels with four pain points views subscribers monetization and how to understand the YouTube algorithm so we made a very strategic decision no longer would we make content to try and rank number one for a particular search T instead we packaged our content that tapped into the emotional desires stresses struggles goals and fears of views monetization subscribers The algorithm them in essence we switched from a search traffic channel to a browse and suggested traffic channel and you should know by now that 70% of all YouTube views come from recommendations not search all of which meant we started growing again and we were helping more creators and we bugged ourselves one of these oh I can see you've subscribed thank you very much we're Hing to hit 2 million subscribers by the end of this year the tldr of his story is listen to your audience because they matter most and the audience equals the algorithm but Todd's insights take this powerful strategy one step further I personally Foster a diverse community of fans and critics viewers and other creators to give me honest feedback about what was most and least valued in my videos comments are one tool but you have to be careful about selection bias especially in top comments basically what Todd is saying is that you should create a tight-knit feedback community and this is because contrary to what many people believe the algorithm doesn't push videos that YouTube wants people to watch it pushes videos based on what videos viewers are already enjoying another Point Todd emphasizes is that the aggregate results of what succeeds on YouTube is more a reflection of what emerges from the experiences of many individual viewers versus any coordinated strategy by YouTube to centrally steer content across viewers on mass so R van YouTube Engineers typing in a bit of code and changing everything determining the fate of your videos it is the get millions of inputs from every single viewer on the YouTube platform that are influencing whether or not your content gets discovered so by having this community feedback Council you're much more likely to make content that your audience really enjoys and this will naturally an organically lead to the algorithm promoting your video more to find new audiences but how do you create this community feedback Council well you can offer your fans and critics something for free for regular feedback on your videos you can Empower your audience by giving them moderation privileges during live streams that can help represent the viewer opinion of your content and steer it in the right direction you can set up an exclusive Forum or Discord where highly valued members of the community are invited to share their thoughts or you could try setting up a mastermind group of likeminded creators who come together maybe once a week and offer ideas and constructive feedback on each of his videos or if you're not quite ready for any of these steps yet just start posting stuff on that Community tab it is so so powerful the last Insight Todd revealed is that the algorithm won't know what to do with your videos if they're not in the goldilock zone to explain what I mean we're going to divide videos up into three content zones the first is content that's hyper Niche super specific very targeted towards a very particular audience the second content zone is completely opposite it's trying to appeal to the broadest audience possible and the third content zone is a balance of the two so if your goal is to grow as fast as possible and maximize those return viewers what's the best Zone to be well this is what Todd had to say try your best to align with what resonates with the audience like with any brand going too broad dilutes connection too narrow may not achieve enough scale to be viable you have to find a balance where there is room in your target market the examples I've just shown you are from content zones one and two which typically will stifle growth a typical video from Ali adal will expect to get hundreds of thousands of views and neither of these two came close this is because typically the algorithm will first test your video with a subset of your audience if the content is too Niche it may not resonate enough with those viewers if it's too broad it may not create a strong enough connection with those viewers to keep them watching but when you find that goldilock zone where the balance is perfectly weighted between both the results can be amazing for example this video is on a topic that alli's core audience is proven to have a high interest in but it's also appealing to a much wider audience that may have interest in this topic but aren't currently following Ali so how do you find this perfectly weighted Goldilocks zone well first of all let's make sure that your video topics aren't too Niche the more specific a video is the smaller the target audience so ask yourself this question what are the common goals dreams and desires of my target audience and what are their biggest pain points problems obstacles start there but make sure that you don't go too broad it has to be relatable to the audience that you specifically want to speak to it's not enough to just make videos about losing weight and making money everybody wants to do that to make topics like this more relatable you have to ask why and how your specific audience is going to achieve those goals and continue to test ideas and when you find one that works use that as your yard stick to work off of for all future videos by simply adjusting your content ideas you can double even triple your view counts not by putting in any extra effort but just more thought and in this video we've revealed how the definitive expert on YouTube algorithm recommends you do this but if you want a detailed explanation on how to come up with viral ideas that really heat up the algorithm in your favor and I suggest you watch this video next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeeshoBerkmans [1 likes]: For me they lot probably still have learning as YouTuber
  2. @BoxOfColors-s6t [1 likes]: I guessing this video is only for talking head youtubers?
  3. @Mario-zo1uj [1 likes]: so you re telling me i can have 4 plaqes and all i hae to is ork for youtbe?
  4. @RaulMAnderson101-pr6cj: Algorithms are super stupid to me for this one fact.
They can't distinguish when you're searching out of research vs what regular videos you don't mind seeing in your feed when casually browsing.
Many people get on YT to research topics.
So just because I type in 'cats in Africa', doesn't mean going forward that's all I'm interested in.
I mean I may type in cats, then old airplanes, then spicy foods, that doesn't mean I'm particularly interested in any of those once I found video to answer a question of mine.
But brain dead algorithm to stupid to realize that and whatever your last search was, if figures that's all you're interested in seeing for the rest of your natural life.

YT would improve 100% if they'd simply go back to a no algorithm system, like it was before google bought them, and back when everyone got fair share of views organically and based on searches, not algorithm.
  5. @RGCMinistries: I started my channel 3 days ago I have 9 Subs and 2.3 K views total. Most shorts videos get 400+ views but my longer videos are under 20 views. What can I do yo get the longer videos to get attention and not just my shorts? Thank you!
  6. @ishowpeedClipper: Algorithm please just one video get viral
  7. @Randomstuff_YT333: "All people were touching grass." How wise 🦉
  8. @lordofthelair6716: Its simple you haven't been chosen.
  9. @khanhkhanh-f4j: Great video, thanks!!!
  10. @InfinityHell666: As a Viewer: How many More Times Am I Going to see the Same Stupid Idiotic Videos in My YouTube Feed THAT I DON'T WATCH!!!??? And even if I DID Watch them, They'd be out of my Watch History Before YouTube could Update... The Algorithm is just Bullshit, Plain and Simple... (>ლ)

As a YouTuber: My Definition for Unpopularity is Much more Simple; Take it from me, It's not That People are Better Then You, They Just Don't Care about you... Once again Using My channel as an Example, I know what This internet(And thus The World) Wants, And I've got None of it to Offer.
  11. @samgettets5856: Ohhh. AL Gore rhythm
  12. @trickster19999: YouTube algorithm uses your search history, not just in YouTube but all of your web history. IF you have any website you FREQUENT, save them to the side before you delete all your web history.
  13. @VVV-VeerVichaarViraasat: Interesting and helpful ❤❤
  14. @redempresstcg: Well i have a long way to go, i got 8 views yesterday on my video 🤡  . But the struggle is English part to talk, but i need to keep learning on my mistake to get to my goal.
  15. @TalkingCaramel: Sub do sub
  16. @TaffDerekBaker: ** Todd
  17. @Eyolem-m3c: Thanks
  18. @austinroque: My travel channel is growing, I'm about 16 months in at 14k subs, . I can't really understand what makes one video perform other others. I've had hundreds of thousands of views, only thousands and everything in between. I keep moving and I've given up trying to understand the variable that accounts for this because I can't isolate anything.
  19. @paveltrips: Any travel content creators here?
  20. @Dee-Jayy19: I like how Algorithms are slowly becoming literally fkn Skynet.

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- Master the YouTube Algorithm in 10 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en the YouTube algorithm changes all the time and just when you think you started to understand it the Geeks at the YouTube headquarters come in and change it again now it's had some big changes for 2025 and in this video I'm going to uncover everything you need to know to beat the algorithm grow your channel and get more views on all of your future videos now firstly the good news is that this year it's confirmed YouTube will be continuing its push for small creators now we saw throughout all of 2024 YouTube hyperfocused on small channels and many people were seeing rapid growth on newly created accounts now I'm a prime example of this I started this channel on October the 1st and now I'm already over 50,000 subscribers which has taken me less than 4 months but if you missed it last year don't worry because you'll have another chance to take advantage of it this year too now obviously the algorithm isn't just going to push any random Channel out for the sake of it there are specific tactics and strategies you need to incorporate into your videos for the algorithm to pick your content and push it so listen up because I'll share all of these secrets with you now and exactly what I did to grow this channel to 50,000 subscribers in less than 4 months so when you have a new or a small channel the algorithm's role is to always push your videos out to a large group of people with the sole aim of finding the Right audience for your content so if you don't have any subscribers yet when you first start out all of your videos will be pushed out by the algorithm as a way of YouTube suggesting your content to new viewers in hope that those new viewers will be interested in your content now if you post a video out and you don't get clicks or you get clicks but have a really low retention rate the algorithm will simply just stop pushing your videos out however if your newly posted videos do get clicks and a lot of people do watch your videos the algorithm will just keep recommending your videos out to more and more people and vice versa it's really as simple as that the more clicks and Views you get the greater the push the less clicks and Views you get the lower the push but on the other hand let's say you have a Channel with an audience already when you post a new video out the algorithm will show it to your subscribers first before it decides to push it to New viewers or not now this is basically a little test where the algorithm will measure the performance of your video by your current subscribers first so if your current subscribers click on your new video and they enjoy it the algorithm will then push it out to more and more new viewers however let's say your current subscribers don't click on or interact with your new video when you post it the algorithm simply just won't push it out because it's going to assume that that video is poor quality because if your current subscribers don't want to watch it why would anybody else so you need to understand the big difference between how the algorithm works for new channels versus how it works for channels with an existing audience new channels will always get more of a natural push at the start by the algorithm whereas established channels will always need to impress their own audience first okay then with that in mind how do you make the algorithm work in your favor well firstly it's going to sound a bit counterproductive but it's true to beat the algorithm you need to avoid focusing on the algorithm too much you need to swap the word algorithm with the word audience and when starting out with a new YouTube channel it's really really important that you clearly Define what type of content you want to make who your target viewer is and what your target viewers want to watch now I always recommend that you need to choose a niche that you either experienced in or have a deep vested interest in because the content you make really needs to connect with people of a specific Niche now that's why I started this account in the YouTube growth Niche because I've got years of experience on YouTube and I'm genuinely interested in this space so this kind of content was perfect for me that's because like the algorithm only really cares about one thing showing good quality videos to people that might be interested in them and getting those people to watch as much of the video as possible the algorithm doesn't care about specific posting hours topics lengths or anything like that it only cares about prioritizing content that people love so if you make a video that people can't go to sleep without watching you will get views now I know that coming up with good video ideas is probably one of the hardest things about YouTube and honestly I struggled with this for ages too and good ideas are hard to come by but that's why I now use 10 of 10 it's a really popular AI tool that automatically finds all of the outliers on YouTube now outliers are basically videos that have performed significantly better compared to the Channel's average view count and subscriber count now these tend to be really popular videos that have a really high level of demand and if they worked for them they're probably going to work for you too now this is a tool that all of the big YouTubers use which is why they produce Banger after Banger now this is the actual one of 10 home feed uh up here you can search a video you can search of thumbnails niches and specific channels here you can see different colors we've got like red purple and this kind of like identifies how much of an outlier this video is so here you can see this title is why men are no longer courting women this one got 517,000 views compared to Channel's average of 31,000 views and this guy's only got 54,000 subscribers so for him to get 517,000 views is just like this obviously is a huge outlier and whoever wanted to kind of like recreate this in their own way is also probably going to get a lot of views because this is obviously a video that's in really high demand and this tool basically just like picks out all of the viral videos and amalgamates them into one screen so so when you go on to the YouTube home feed normally this is what it looks like it will just bring up all the videos that it thinks you'll be interested in but not all of these videos will be successful videos some of them got 9k views some of them got 4.6k views so like it just this is like an amalgamation of what YouTube thinks you'll be interested in whereas this software brings up the only viral videos this software only brings up videos that performed exceptionally well compared to the Channel's average view count and subscriber count so if you're ever struggling for ideas all you have to do is type into your niche in here let's say you going to Barley and you had like a Travel Channel and you're thinking to yourself I'm going to Barley soon but I'm really struggling for ideas like what what kind of videos can I do so all I do is type in barley here and then this is going to give me the best videos that are in The Barley Niche so I could then use these as ideas for my own video going forward and the best thing is we can actually use filters to Niche it down even more so let's say I want a multiplier of at least five because I want this video to be really good I want at least let's say 50k views on this video I want their average subscriber count to be at least 2,000 and then video duration I'd have it around 30 minutes because I don't really like creating videos longer than that and then you have publication day which means when was this video published so I always like to put maybe six and three is a bit like bit tight whereas 6 months is usually quite a good amount of time and then it's going to bring all of the outli videos from this barley Niche within the last 6 months then we've got barley is not what I expected 5 days in ubber so I if I was looking for a video I'd look at this I'd probably go and watch it and think what is it they've done that's really well because it's got 60k views compared to a channel average of 7K and then if I really did like this idea all I've got to do then is click on topics it's going to give me loads more videos related to that video that I can really then expand on my like idea generation because I really liked this particular video and now it's giving me me all of these suggestions based on that particular video so now I've got instead of one idea I've got all of these ideas yeah if you're struggling to think ideas definitely give one of 10 a try I'll leave the link in the description below and you'll get a good discount um but yeah definitely give it a try so this now leads us onto our next point which is YouTube should be treated as a long-term investment not short-term day trading so to be able to master the algorithm and grow your channel successfully you need to improve by at least 1% every single time you post a new video and what I mean by this is when you post a new video you then need to rewatch it at least twice afterwards and note down all of the things you could have done better in that video you really need to self-analyze every video you post to make sure that you don't make any of the same mistakes again this is how you grow over the long term by making each video better than the last one okay then so here are now some actionable points you need to focus on so they become ingrained in your brain going forward it's essential that when you Crea a video You focus solely on the viewer and think of content that is either entertaining or educational you need to make it so your potential viewers feel like they have to watch your video and that they would be missing out if they didn't watch it so do some good Research into your Niche look for any gaps in the market or any opportunities to reinvent viral videos by adding your own twist to them focus on what makes you unique because to stand out in any Niche you need to promote What Makes You Different and what you can offer so if you're just starting out on YouTube or you found yourself in a bit of a plateau where nothing's really happening on your channel I'm going to suggest you do this you need to post 10 new deeply researched and really well executed videos over the next couple of weeks you can use a tool like one of 10 for this exercise or you can just scroll through the YouTube home feed now what I want you to do is really research your Niche find out what your viewers want look at what videos are doing well look at what your competitors are doing and and then I want you to make 10 of your own really well-made videos using all of this information now once you've posted all 10 of these videos you're then going to let the algorithm do its thing and gather enough data as possible you're then going to analyze this data in your YouTube studio and see what content worked and what content didn't work look at which videos got the most views and engagement and which ones didn't and from here you can develop a plan going forward using everything you've learned from the last 10 videos now a quick announcement time me and my team have been working tirelessly behind the scenes creating one of the best YouTubey out there for 2025 it has well over 10 years worth the best YouTube growth knowledge to help you guys hit your first 10,000 subscribers they also give everyone the opportunity to make money even if you don't have any subscribers yet it's also going to have the biggest community of YouTubers all supporting each other so if you're interested in being a founding member of this Academy sign up with the down the Creator link below and thanks very much for watching this one guys I hope you enjoyed enjoyed it I hope we learned something and I guess I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [88 likes]: Hi guys! Please follow the same rules as usual when it comes to comments. ALSO... 
⚠ Sign up to become a founding member of my brand new YouTube academy here: https://danthecreator.co
PLEASE also subscribe to my channel if you're enjoying my content. Let's hit 60,000 of you :)
  2. @fabaoMONTANHA575 [1 likes]: Deus abençoe a todos 🙏
  3. @aks19880: Working towards starting a YouTube channel about animated horror stories each 60-90 seconds long. Planning to start by august since i need a few episodes out. Already have 5 in the bank. Planning to start when i have around 30 out.
  4. @RaulMAnderson101-pr6cj: Algorithms are super stupid to me for this one fact.
They can't distinguish when you're searching out of research vs what regular videos you don't mind seeing in your feed when casually browsing.
Many people get on YT to research topics.
So just because I type in 'cats in Africa', doesn't mean going forward that's all I'm interested in.
I mean I may type in cats, then old airplanes, then spicy foods, that doesn't mean I'm particularly interested in any of those once I found video to answer a question of mine.
But brain dead algorithm to stupid to realize that and whatever your last search was, if figures that's all you're interested in seeing for the rest of your natural life.

YT would improve 100% if they'd simply go back to a no algorithm system, like it was before google bought them, and back when everyone got fair share of views organically and based on searches, not algorithm.
  5. @RaYa-rohi: Here to support all small youtubers 👍
  6. @Thatoneforeveridiot: o😊
  7. @MatamelaWelkome: Mmmmmmmm
  8. @rinocornu: Good super tes explications constructives
Bravooooo
  9. @BowziTV: Needing recommendations on small creator networking groups!
  10. @thinkertoo: anyone start their youtube in 2026?
  11. @SeasonedWayfarerCooks: great content!
  12. @Walkora4K: I'm a beginner YouTuber. I don't know if it will work out or not, but the process itself is very interesting. the main thing is not to stop🎉
  13. @luisgarza-nv1yo: Thank you so much, I didn't know that in the following videos I would recommend them to my friends first, hearing that helped me a lot
  14. @Dilzze: They are not supporting small channels :) trust me
  15. @StuartSadler-e5y8h: Cheers Dan. As always very helpful mate👍👍
  16. @brainrot_education-f: Bro like I git 12 views
  17. @DeepRootedGrowth: If you're a small YouTuber gather here
  18. @Wonderlytic: You are wrong though.. the algorithm cares about specific posting time hence consistency.. but that mainly applies to the new channels, so youtube starts to thrust this channel.
  19. @LoreRevival: Is there a minimum number of videos that you need to start getting the algorithm to push your videos out?
  20. @CPBOXER2025: I have just over 30 subscribers i focus on boxing friends and family Im  loving it slow and steady wins the race 🥊🥊🇦🇺❤️💯👌🇵🇱

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- How Social Media Algorithms Actually Work (And How to Beat Them): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about the social media algorithm. If you want to get more views with less effort, it's critical you understand how the algorithms actually work. And once you learn this, I guarantee you will never look at content the same way again. In this video, I'm going to break down how social algorithms work, why they pick certain videos to push over others, and the specific things you can do to make them prioritize your content. Now, this information is based on a ton of outlier data and comments made by the Instagram CEO himself. So, this is the latest and greatest for what's actually working right now. If you just follow this, your content will perform way better. By the way, if you don't know me, my name is Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, first, let's just start with how the algorithms actually work. And this is actually super helpful to understand. Once you hear it, it'll make a lot of sense. Social media companies only have one goal, to keep people on the platform as long as possible. When people stay longer, they watch more ads, and the companies make more money. It's as simple as that. Now, to keep you on the platform longer, they do their best to serve you the content they think you'll enjoy the most. And that means the algorithm is just one giant match maker. It's matching people with content. If it does a good job with this matching, you're going to keep watching and stay. But if it starts doing a bad job and it shows you stuff you don't want to watch, well, then you're going to leave. It sounds simple, but this is how social algorithms work in a nutshell. Now, here's why this matters for you. If you want to hijack the algorithm and make it push your video more, all you have to do is help it make better matches with your content. [music] So, in this video, I'm going to explain exactly how to do that. And this really is the highest leverage algo hack you could ever learn. Okay, now here's how this matchmaking process actually works under the hood, so we can understand exactly what to do to manipulate it. When you post a video on social media, the very first thing the platform does is analyze what that video is about. I call this a digital fingerprint. Now, this analysis is multimodal, so it's watching your video with computer vision to understand what's going on visually. It's listening to your video with audio fingerprinting to get a better understanding of the transcript and what's actually being said, and it's also reading all the metadata, the caption, the hashtag, the creator, the location, anything else it can find. It then combines all that information together in real time to build a single contextual understanding of the video. This is called a topic mapping. Now, based on that topic mapping, the algorithm builds a fit score, which is its prediction for who it thinks will best like this video. So, at this point, you've posted it, it's analyzed it, but it hasn't been shown to anyone yet. So, we're ready to start showing the video to people. But, this is where things get interesting because obviously the algorithm doesn't just blast your video off to millions of people right off the bat, or you'd have millions of views. This is what actually goes on under the hood. The algorithm uses its fit score to pick roughly 200 people to show the video to first. This is called the initial sample test group. If it could rank all 100 million people that are on the app at one time, this is the group of 200 people it thinks will like the video the most. Now, very important, of these 200 people, most of them are non-followers because the algorithm wants to test how well strangers react to your video. It knows followers should like it cuz they already follow you, but if strangers like it, too, well, then that means this is a really good video. This is why when people say followers don't matter anymore, they're kind of right. They don't matter in the sampling process because most of those 200 people are non-followers. They're strangers to you. Now, based on the metrics from this initial sample group of 200 people, the algorithm is going to get positive, neutral, or negative data back. Essentially, of those 200, how many of them liked and watched the video? What was the set of data? If the data is positive, that means the algorithm's guess of the fit score was accurate. And so, it knows exactly what type of person to push the video to further. The next time it pushes, let's say it's 2,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 20,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 200,000 people. And it just keeps going until the data starts coming back weaker. Now, if the original data was neutral, kind of good, kind of bad, the algorithm will redo its fit score and push the video again. But this time, only to maybe another group of 200. It doesn't go crazy to 20,000. It just resamples. If the data is negative right off the bat with those 200, well then the algo's going to tighten up and stop pushing almost immediately. And again, it slows down that push because it doesn't want to risk alienating people and pushing them off the platform because they see a bad video. So, if you're in the 200 view jail, or you post a video and it flops, what this really means is that the algorithm got bad data back from that initial sample group of 200. Now, one more thing before we move on this. The reason why even million view banger videos eventually slow down is because even those run out of people that want to watch it. The data gets bigger, bigger, bigger, and then eventually it starts to fade off. So, in a nutshell, this is how social algorithms actually work under the hood. This is what happens when you go to post a video. You post it, it does the topic mapping, it samples with a group of roughly 200 people, and then it either boosts, retries, or stops immediately based on how the sample data comes back. So, what does all this actually mean for you tactically? Knowing this is happening under the hood, how can you best adjust your content strategy to take advantage and get the algorithm to push you more? That's what we're going to go through right now. If you want to hijack the algorithm to get more views, you only need to do two things. Number one is to help the algorithm build a better fit score, so that it finds the best possible sample group of 200 people to go to first. And then number two is to make sure that sample group actually likes and engages with your video. Because if the sample group is the right fit, and they actually like your video, well then you're going to be in great shape because the algo will get amazing data back and just [music] keep boosting you to more and more people. So, what I'm going to do now is break down the tactics for how to trigger both of those things. Helping find the right sample group, and then helping make sure that sample group engages well. This is essentially the systematic process for activating the algorithm and getting it to work for you. Now, if you like how I'm breaking this down kind of from like a scientific and psychology perspective, I actually just published a free guide doing the same thing for my entire content system. It's from ideas to hooks all the way to monetization. Science-based and data-backed. This is the exact content system I ran last year to generate hundreds of millions of views and millions in profit from content. It's also the same thing I install with business owners when I work with them one-on-one. Completely free, my gift to you. You can get it below or at the link shortformsytem.co. All right, let's talk sample groups. What can you do to help the algorithm build a better fit score and find a stronger sample group for your video? Here's the answer, very simple. All you have to do is consistently make videos about the same topic for the same audience avatar over and over and over. You want to become intentionally precise and narrow with the topics you pick and how you position. Here's why. After a few similar videos in a row, the algorithm will start to understand that your channel talks about X topic for Y avatar profile. It will then have built sample groups for all those previous videos and have a very clear understanding of who to go back to from an avatar perspective. The more this avatar group is the same over time, the more confident the algorithm can be when it dials this in. Now, this process of consistently making videos about the same few topics for the same avatar is called audience matching. And if there's one content principle I swear by, it's this. When you make videos for lots of different topics for several different avatars, the sample data comes back mixed and the algorithm gets confused. When it's confused, it pushes your video less because it doesn't want to risk bad fits to bad viewers. For example, imagine you made three videos. One on tech, then the next one on health trends, and then the next one on politics. The algorithm would have no idea what your fourth video is going to be about. And because of this, it doesn't know which of your previous three videos it should model its fit score after. So, let's say your fourth video also ends up being about health trends. Chances are the algorithm's going to build a blended fit score across those first three videos. A little bit of people from tech, a little bit of people from health trends, and a little bit of people from politics. Not literally those people, but influence from who liked those videos. And when it does this, the fit score targeting for your fourth video is going to be a mix of all three. And so, when it pushes it, of course, the sample data for the health trends video that also has tech and politics type viewers is going to come back weak. This will result almost certainly in your video flopping. What this means in simple terms is that if you want to help the algorithm find the right sample group and build a better fit score, you got to keep your topics and audience selection narrow consistently. And this means sometimes saying no to ideas that seem viral, but would resonate with the wrong audience. Even one viral hit to an audience outside of your core demo will result in the next several videos having poor sample data because it confuses the algorithm. This discipline in topic and audience selection is very important, and typically beginners that are starting out are spraying and praying all over the place, and they don't have this. Okay, so that's one side of the equation. Very simply, just narrow your topic and audience, and your sample fit will go up. Now, on the other side of the equation, the two-part piece was making sure once you have that sample that it actually engages well with your video. And that means they watch it, they like it, they save it, they share it, they comment, they repost, all the engagement metrics, as many as we can possibly get. >> [music] >> So, what can we do on this side to make sure that initial sample data from these people comes back strong? Well, when the algorithm's gauging if it's strong or not, it's really only looking at three core metrics. The first one is average watch time. How long did someone watch in a number of seconds per video? And also, by proxy, percent completion. What percent of the video was completed on average? The second metric is engagement rate. So, this is likes plus comments plus shares divided by views. And the third, which is really important and nobody can access, is called watch time session share. In a session for a viewer, if they're on there for 60 minutes, how many of those 60 were spent watching your videos? That percentage is watch time session share. You can't access this anywhere, but it's a critical metric that social algorithms use to know how influential your content is. >> So, the million-dollar question for you is how can you improve these metrics? What can you do in your video to make sure those metrics go up so the sample data comes back clean, so that it just pushes your video to more people? Well, a short, cheeky answer is if you want the metrics to go up, you just make better videos with better ideas, stronger hooks, better storytelling, and more interesting visuals, obviously. But, that's not helpful at all. So, is there anything tactical you can do at a studs level to increase the effectiveness of those videos? And if you watch this channel a lot, you already know, of course there is. There's only four things you need to do to make your video better so that that engagement rate goes off the charts. >> Number one is that the topic needs to be relevant for the ideal viewer. This is obvious and it goes with the first piece I said. What you cover has to actually solve a problem that they have. If that's the case, engagement will go up. Number two, the information you share needs to be both non-obvious and tactically implementable. Is it new stuff they haven't heard before, and can they actually use it to solve that problem? If those things are true, the engagement rate will go up. Number three, the viewer has to actually have a high absorption of the information you say. It could be on target and non-obvious, but if they can't actually understand what you're saying, then they can't apply it. So, if they could apply it, the engagement rate will go up. And then number four, there needs to be a short distance to implement your recommendations. Tactically implementable means they can take a little bit of action and get a big result based on your promise. Now, you won't typically hear people frame it in this way, but if your content has those four attributes, I guarantee you're going to have higher engagement. If you have higher engagement, the data comes back more positive, they push it to more of the people, those people are people you want, and the flywheel spins. What this really means, those four things in layman's terms, you got to cover a core pain point or problem they have. You got to have something useful or interesting to say. You got to say it in a way they can actually understand, and they have to be able to take what you say and apply it on their own. Those are the four horsemen to driving good video performance. If you do this, you're set, and that's really all you need to hijack the algorithm to push you more. Pick an avatar, stick to it, narrow your topic selection, and then drive those four things home. When you do this, the sample group will stay dialed, and they'll all engage with the video at a high rate. Incidentally, these four factors are also how you turn viewers into buyers. If you want people to buy, those four components also make sense to include in the video. They're kind of like the core DNA if you're trying to build a money machine with content. Now, I'll say this, the easiest way to make sure you're picking the right topics that actually work for your avatar group is to just study the videos that are already working in your niche. It shocks me how few people actually do this, but in sandcastles.ai, you can build a group of competitor channels that are already crushing, and just filter by outlier score to see all the best performing videos. There's now this feature where if you save the video to library, you can see all the attributes. I'm talking transcript, topic, the exact hook, the exact storytelling mechanics, everything about the video that drove the curiosity. You can then take that, remix it. Everything you need is right in there. So, all you need to do if you're confused on which topics to pick for your avatar group, just go in sandcastles and use this resource. It shocks me how few people are using data to make their topic decision. This basically guarantees that you're serving the right stuff to your audience. Now, before I end this video, I just want to include one more bonus topic around the algorithm. Because I know my explanation is a little bit theoretical, hopefully it made sense, hopefully it helped you, you have action items to work on. But, I just want to include one more thing at a tactical level that you can take away and really hammer value from this video. Another way to drive algorithmic push is to increase the number of comments on your video. Most people know this. There are five things you can do tactically to increase the number of comments you're getting. Number one is to take a hard stance on your topic. People typically comment when they violently agree or disagree, mostly disagree, with whatever your stance is or perspective. If you play the middle and hedge, you're going to get fewer comments. So, I recommend you pick a side, pro or con, and that will drive comments. [music] Number two is to pick the side that is the contrarian side. Like I said, people love to comment when they disagree, when they think you're wrong. If you pick the contrarian side, that means you think the majority of people are wrong, which means they'll think you're wrong. The majority of people will want to comment because they disagree with you. If you create more enemies, you drive more comments. Tip number three is to amplify the stance you take by ratcheting up the way you frame your points. If you said something like, "This is the best way to cook pasta." versus "This pasta is better than all the mom and pop pasta shops in the world." Which one is going to drive a more violent discussion in the comments? The more extreme version, of course, always is. So, that's how you ratchet up your stance. Tip number four is to build your topics around cult-loved brands, people, ideas, and movements. The more you talk about things people already have made up their opinion on, the faster they're willing to jump into the comments, especially if they disagree. For example, if you take a stance on Nike versus just the category of shoes, more people will have already made up their opinion whether they like or dislike Nike, and it will trigger them to comment. Tip number five is to position your take or stance to drive significant emotion. The more people feel something when they watch your video, the more they're going to feel compelled to want to comment. Now, those five things around comment, that was just a little extra sprinkle to give you more tactics on how to drive activation and engagement to make the algorithm push you. All of those feed back to picking the right topic for the right group. So, it's kind of like a sub point on what I just went through. Hopefully that's helpful and you can put that to use. All right, guys, that's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered a lot of ground. We really broke down the ins and outs of how social algorithms work and how you theoretically and fundamentally can hijack them to push your videos more. I tried my best to kind of demystify this black box and give you tactics that you can use to your advantage. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to give you perspectives that most people don't cover in a tactical bite-size way that you can actually put to work. What you typically see about the algorithm is talking about settings, hacks, or these little caption tweaks. None of that stuff actually works. If you think that actually works, you need to watch this video again. Posting time does not matter. Hashtags in your captions don't matter. The captions themselves don't matter. The only thing that matters is making great videos for a specific avatar group across a narrow band of topics over and over and over. That's the only thing that matters. That is the cake. Everything else is the icing. Focus on the cake. As a reminder, if you want access to my full content system, this is the exact blueprint I use with my own team. How I find ideas, how I write hooks, how I validate these things, how I do research, my entire funnel to turn viewers into dollars, literally everything. I've got it linked below for free, my gift to you, shortformsytem.co. And if you have any other topics around social media growth, around content and content systems that you want me to cover or that you feel blocked on, just drop them in the comments. We use the comments to inform the database of videos that we make next. So, anything you guys are stuck on, please put in the comments. It will help greatly to inform what we should make. All right, guys, that's all we've got. We will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @viveen360 [1 likes]: Toda esta teoría se va al caño, cuando el mismo video lo publica otra persona y ahí si se viraliza.
  2. @MadikoMani [1 likes]: To All small creator's like me.. Good luck 🤞
  3. @simplpoints [1 likes]: If a video is pushed out by default to a sample of 200, why do videos than not get by default a view count of 200?
  4. @AetherFramesOfficial [1 likes]: Finally! A worthy vedio🫠🤝🏻✨
  5. @funnyannesunny [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:It's a difficult world even though I heard it well 감사합니다
  6. @gantavyaghagat [1 likes]: The spelling of matchmaking is wrong at 1:41
  7. @fruitopia_stories1: Thank you
  8. @Loopora3DCG: US audience support me ❤️
  9. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp
  10. @XSonify_yt: https://youtu.be/xYrKwUXdQLU?si=HuJAi0N9s60e5W8m
  11. @NebenbeiPassivPOD: great video !!!
Thank you for that !
  12. @THE_35_CUB: Best algo video so far
  13. @nijfilms: Thanks
  14. @1EnigmaTV: I’m in school all over again ✍🏾
  15. @Matchday38-v6t: This was so helpful
  16. @creeepyface: thanks will consider this info ❤
  17. @ThisOrThatTheoryy: Just started my own channel - good luck everyone!
  18. @ayoutubechannelthatfailed: Do these guys really listen to themselves?
  19. @DailyFixmemes: Anyone who likes memes can follow me❤
  20. @jona.laurel: Should I niche down?

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @eikooc-elppa: Just started my channel yesterday. Thanks for this vid!
  6. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  7. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  8. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  9. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  10. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  11. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  12. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  13. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  14. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  15. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  16. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  17. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  18. @JQLShorts: W
  19. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  20. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here

- How Small Creators Win The NEW YouTube Algorithm (The SECRET): Kind: captions Language: en-US I know you clicked this video because&nbsp; you want results. But I'm not here to&nbsp;&nbsp; repeat the usual guru advice. I'm not&nbsp; going to tell you to only post shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; unlist your videos for a while, upload at some&nbsp; magic hour, make everything over 8 minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or avoid certain types of content. That's&nbsp; all just noise. What I'm about to share is&nbsp;&nbsp; something I figured out through experience.&nbsp; No hacks, no hype. And if you learn it and&nbsp;&nbsp; actually put it into practice, the way&nbsp; you see YouTube will change completely. All right, here's the real problem. Everything&nbsp; those so-called gurus keep repeating is wrong.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most of them don't even understand how the&nbsp; algorithm works. A lot of them just want views,&nbsp;&nbsp; so they tell you whatever sounds nice.&nbsp; Then you try their advice over and over,&nbsp;&nbsp; and nothing changes. Here's the truth. The YouTube&nbsp; algorithm isn't your enemy. If you're actually&nbsp;&nbsp; creating content for the platform, the algorithm&nbsp; is even trying to help you. Your job is to make&nbsp;&nbsp; your content good enough for the people who need&nbsp; to see it. And when I say content, most people&nbsp;&nbsp; only think about the video itself. That's not it.&nbsp; It's the video, the title, the description, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the thumbnail working together. Here's how YouTube&nbsp; treats new channels. When you start a channel with&nbsp;&nbsp; zero subscribers, YouTube tests your videos by&nbsp; pushing them to a random mix of viewers to figure&nbsp;&nbsp; out who might actually care. Like, it's basically&nbsp; trying to find your audience. Now, here's the&nbsp;&nbsp; catch. If those people don't click or they click&nbsp; and leave right away, the algorithm slows down&nbsp;&nbsp; your recommendations. But if they click and watch&nbsp; most of the video, YouTube pushes it harder and&nbsp;&nbsp; wider. It really is that simple. For this to work,&nbsp; you need to give the algorithm enough data so it&nbsp;&nbsp; knows exactly who your video should reach. If you&nbsp; don't, YouTube will end up showing your content to&nbsp;&nbsp; people in completely different niches. Let me show&nbsp; you an example. I created a new channel a few days&nbsp;&nbsp; ago just to test this. It only has two videos.&nbsp; Look at the first one. It has 558 impressions and&nbsp;&nbsp; only 20 views. If you scroll down, you'll see that&nbsp; about 75% of those impressions came from suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; videos. That's why the views stayed low and&nbsp; the CTR is low, too. When you check the content&nbsp;&nbsp; suggesting this video section, you'll see the&nbsp; algorithm was placing my video next to videos from&nbsp;&nbsp; totally different niches. Those viewers weren't&nbsp; interested, so they didn't click. And the few&nbsp;&nbsp; who clicked didn't stay. Now, let's look at the&nbsp; second video. This one has over 17,000 views, and&nbsp;&nbsp; the CTR is high. And instead of suggesting it next&nbsp; to random videos, YouTube is now pushing it on the&nbsp;&nbsp; home feed. I'm going to show you exactly how I&nbsp; made that happen. Just stick with me. I want you&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand the basics first. Now, here's how to&nbsp; make the algorithm work for you as a beginner. I&nbsp;&nbsp; know this might sound a little weird, but it's&nbsp; true. You need to stop worrying so much about&nbsp;&nbsp; the algorithm. Instead, focus on your audience.&nbsp; The thing is, when you're starting a new channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to be clear about what kind of content&nbsp; you're making, who it's for, and what your viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; want to watch or learn. It's a lot easier to make&nbsp; good content when you actually understand what&nbsp;&nbsp; people in your niche want. So, how do you figure&nbsp; that out? You analyze what's already working in&nbsp;&nbsp; your niche. Yag. Look at the types of titles that&nbsp; get clicks, the thumbnail styles, the intros,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the pacing of the video. I'm not saying&nbsp; copy them exactly, but just get inspiration.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's break it down with an example. First, find a&nbsp; topic. Then, find keywords that help the algorithm&nbsp;&nbsp; know who your audience is. To do this, check the&nbsp; top performing videos in your niche. I highly&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend adding the Vid IQ extension to your&nbsp; browser. And on your competitor's channel, sort&nbsp;&nbsp; their videos by popularity. You can see a bunch of&nbsp; videos doing really well, but you need to focus on&nbsp;&nbsp; three key metrics, which are the number of views,&nbsp; the outlier score, and the views per hour. Here's&nbsp;&nbsp; an example. This video has 1.7 million views and&nbsp; an outlier score greater than 100. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; it got a 100 times more views than the channel&nbsp; normally does. The last metric is views per hour.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you can see this video averages 370 views per&nbsp; hour. That might not sound huge, but let's do a&nbsp;&nbsp; simple math. This video is getting 370 views every&nbsp; hour. Now, let's multiply it by 24, which is 1&nbsp;&nbsp; day. That's 8,080 views per day. Still, that might&nbsp; not seem like a lot, right? Let's multiply it by&nbsp;&nbsp; 7, which is 1 week. Now, you can see it's getting&nbsp; not less than 62,60 views in 7 days. Now, let me&nbsp;&nbsp; blow your mind. Let's multiply it by 4, which is&nbsp; 1 month. You can see that this video right here is&nbsp;&nbsp; getting about 250,000 views per month. That alone&nbsp; can reach the 4K watch hours, even if your average&nbsp;&nbsp; view duration is 1 minute. Now, check this other&nbsp; video. It has good total views and a high outlier&nbsp;&nbsp; score, but only 16 views per hour. That tells us&nbsp; people aren't interested in this topic anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; And here's another one. It's a month old, but&nbsp; still getting around 150 views per hour. And I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; sure the algorithm is doing all the work. These&nbsp; are the numbers you need to check before picking&nbsp;&nbsp; a topic. High total views, a strong outlier&nbsp; score, and consistent views per hour. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; it. The next thing to do after coming up with a&nbsp; video idea is to find the right keywords. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones that help the algorithm push your video&nbsp; to the right audience. Like I mentioned earlier,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're starting a new channel and don't give&nbsp; the algorithm enough data, it'll test your videos&nbsp;&nbsp; alongside content from completely different&nbsp; niches. So, you might be making a video about&nbsp;&nbsp; self-improvement, but YouTube ends up showing it&nbsp; to people who love cooking. Think about it. How&nbsp;&nbsp; are you going to get views if that happens? Here's&nbsp; what I usually do. I go to Vid IQ. It's free to&nbsp;&nbsp; use, but if you can afford the pro version, it'll&nbsp; give you way more features that really help. Here,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to discover and click on keywords. Now, paste&nbsp; the title you're planning to use in the search&nbsp;&nbsp; bar and hit search. You can see here that this&nbsp; title gets over 14,000 searches every month.&nbsp;&nbsp; And check this out. Keyword is rising, which is&nbsp; why the arrows are pointing up. You can see it's&nbsp;&nbsp; grown by 90%. which is good if you're in the&nbsp; self-improvement niche. This could be a great&nbsp;&nbsp; video idea, but don't just copy it. You know, lots&nbsp; of people have already seen similar content. And&nbsp;&nbsp; if you copy paste, viewers might click but won't&nbsp; watch because they'll realize it's the same thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Next is making sure the description is rich in&nbsp; keywords. You want more searchable keywords that&nbsp;&nbsp; match your niche. And if you're looking for fast&nbsp; growth, go for high search volume keywords with&nbsp;&nbsp; low competition. For example, this keyword has&nbsp; over 60,000 searches per month. That's huge. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; even dropped a bit, but 60K is still gold. Here's&nbsp; another one with 25,000 searches per month and&nbsp;&nbsp; low competition. What you do is collect a bunch of&nbsp; these keywords and then I'll show you how to write&nbsp;&nbsp; the perfect description for every video using both&nbsp; the keywords and your title. I'll drop this prompt&nbsp;&nbsp; in the video description for you. It's ready to&nbsp; use no matter what niche you're in. Here's how to&nbsp;&nbsp; use it. Grab the prompt from the description.&nbsp; Then open Google Gemini or ChatGpt. Paste the&nbsp;&nbsp; prompt into the input box and add all the keywords&nbsp; you got from Vid IQ. Now paste your video's title&nbsp;&nbsp; here and hit send. This will generate a fully&nbsp; optimized video description based on your topic.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you look closely, you'll realize these are&nbsp; the keywords I provided. Now, make sure you also&nbsp;&nbsp; use those same keywords as your tags for the best&nbsp; results. Now, once you've done all that, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; one more piece you can't ignore. If you mess this&nbsp; up, you'll get impressions, but barely any views.&nbsp;&nbsp; It all comes down to the thumbnail. Even if&nbsp; your video reaches the right audience, none&nbsp;&nbsp; of it matters if they don't click. And you don't&nbsp; need any paid software to make a good thumbnail.&nbsp;&nbsp; Canvas free version is more than enough. Start&nbsp; with a simple background. What I like to do is use&nbsp;&nbsp; a bright color against a dark background or the&nbsp; other way around. You want your thumbnail to pop&nbsp;&nbsp; even when it's tiny on a phone. Keep it clean.&nbsp; Don't stuff it with too much text or too many&nbsp;&nbsp; elements. People should understand the main idea&nbsp; in under a second. If they have to figure it out,&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll scroll past. The real secret is emotion or&nbsp; curiosity. Something that makes the viewer pause&nbsp;&nbsp; and think, "Hold on, what happened?" And remember,&nbsp; your title and thumbnail need to work together.&nbsp;&nbsp; The title gives the context. The thumbnail adds&nbsp; the hit of interest. That's really all you need.&nbsp;&nbsp; One more thing, make sure you're delivering value.&nbsp; You can do everything right and get views, but if&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't deliver, people won't subscribe. Here's&nbsp; what I want you to do next. Watch this video again&nbsp;&nbsp; until everything makes sense, and then apply it to&nbsp; your next uploads. YouTube isn't against you. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you do things right, the platform actually helps&nbsp; you. Thanks for watching. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @emmiescalm [15 likes]: WHERE ARE YOU WATCHING FROM FOR SHOUTOUT IN THE NEXT VIDEO 😍😍
👉SUBSCRIBE IF YOU WANT MORE: https://www.youtube.com/@emmiescalm/?sub_confirmation=1
➡➡CHECK THIS IF YOU"RE SERIOUS ABOUT YOUTUBE AUTOMATION: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xoxzn3QhwbM&list=PLc11XLHidgDxEt8vlOYbDVV3st8Ei0eap&pp=gAQB
  2. @Lifewithnuchy [2 likes]: AI make him look so real 😂but at least information is good lol
  3. @GladysAnderson-c3p2i [1 likes]: Finally, the secret small creators need!
  4. @CrazyBeastAi-i4c: I LOVE YOU BRO
  5. @IslamicTruthFounder: SIR I AM A BIGGEST FAN OF YOU
  6. @simplygrow-ind: 👌
  7. @PulseMatter: Yes, never give up❤
  8. @dramashorts-e8g: One day💪
  9. @TheCatHistorianReads: Thanks for the prompt! Good advice about keywords
  10. @lifewellloved365: Great info. Very helpful. ❤
  11. @Jake_Trendz: Thank emmie
  12. @StoicEmber-Universe: Thank for sharing 🎉
  13. @Malikonbihness: ❤thanks for the info ✅
  14. @Goru220-h9t: Best video
  15. @DigitalLayers-33: Thanks bro❤
  16. @herselfat30: No one is watching my videos and am soon giving up 😭
  17. @needtutor: Is it normal if our first 3 YouTube videos only get dozens of views?
  18. @Uchiggrr: What about people who go live instead of post videos?
  19. @DailyShift-o9e: Thanks for the advice and tips here in you're video
  20. @ReubenFavourN: This is your AI replica right?

- MrBeast Shares His Best YouTube Advice: Kind: captions Language: en - If you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million subscribers within six months. Your first video is not gonna get views. Subscribers don't matter, views don't matter. I mean, they do. So stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Everything you... (beeping) Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. - [Narrator] MrBeast shares his best YouTube advice all the way from title and thumbnail secrets to growing a channel on YouTube. - It's much easier to get five million views on one video than 50,000 views on 100 videos. - [Narrator] He also reveals how he's able to hook in viewers in his videos and what he would do if he started over from scratch. - What advice would you give yourself when you were starting out? - Your videos suck. You think your videos are good, but they suck. They just do. And the sooner you learn how to make good, great videos that people actually wanna watch, the sooner you'll get views I think it's the biggest takeaway 'cause like when I was 14, I thought my videos were the best in the world. They weren't, they were terrible. Many people are making way better videos than me, but I didn't think that. And I think, you know, to be successful, you kind of have to have a little bit of that ego where you're like, you know, my content's great. You gotta believe in it, but also like if you have sub 1,000 subscribers, like there's a good probability your videos just suck. They just do, and you need to make hundreds of videos or 100 videos, I don't know. It depends on the difficulty of videos. Improve something every time and just like get to the point where they don't. When you make good content, you'll blow up. It's not the algorithm, it's not anything, it's just like most, me and most people who are in my position, you just make terrible videos and that's okay because you've gotta make a bunch of videos and improve over time to be great. Like you don't just pick up a baseball and become an MLB level athlete within a year. It takes many, many, many years and YouTube's kind of the same way. A lot of people get analysis paralysis and they'll just sit there and they'll plan their first video for three months. Any of you listening, especially if you have zero videos on your channel, your first video is not gonna give views, period. It's not, your first 10 are not gonna get views. I can very confidently say that. for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Like all you need to do, and this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber, is make 100 videos and improve something every time. Do that, and then on your 101st video, we'll start talking, like maybe you can get some views, but, you know, your first 100 are gonna suck. There are very freak cases like (MrBeast mumbling) or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them some, as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making in the NBA. Like yes, there are freak cases you can find, but for the average person like us, you know, who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know, backgrounds in filmmaking, just make 100 videos. Improve something each time. And then talk to me on your 101st video. - How do you improve something each time? - The second one just, I don't know, put more effort into the script. The third one, try to learn a new editing trick. The fourth one, try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice. The fifth one, try to, you know, study a new thumbnail tip and implement it. The sixth one, try to figure out a new title. There's infinite ways. That's the beauty of content creation online. There's literally infinite ways from the coloring, to the frame rate, to the editing, to the filming, to the production, to the jokes, to the pacing to, every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved. There's no, there's literally no such thing as a perfect video. What YouTube wants is they want people to click on a video and they wanna watch it. Like at its core that's what it is. Now you can like draw little lines and go as deep as you want and to how to get people to click and how to get people to watch. I mean essentially by studying the algorithm you'll learn that you're more studying human psychology, right? What do humans wanna watch? Anytime you say the word algorithm, just replace it with audience and it works perfectly. Like the algorithm didn't like that video? No, the audience didn't like that video. Literally that's it. If people are clicking and watching then it gets promoted more. And that's literally all the algorithm does is reflect what the people want. To a T. And if you deny that you just make terrible videos and are trying to find a scapegoat, - What makes for a good title? Short? - Not just short, it's also if someone reads it, are they like, do they have to watch it? Is it just so intrinsically interesting that it's just gonna quit them? If they don't click on it, you know what I mean? Ideally, it's a title also that you know, 'cause the titles don't live in a vacuum, right? So it has to lead into the content. So ideally the title represents content that you would wanna watch for 20 minutes. So if it's a 20 minute video and the title is I stepped on a bug, the click-through rate is gonna be much lower. And then if it was like a five second video, like even nuances of the length of the video based against the title will affect whether people want to click it, 'cause sometimes they just don't add up. I mean it's that, yes, ideally you want it below 50 characters because above 50 characters on certain devices you run the chance of it going dot, dot, dot. So like I took a light pole and I saw how many dollar bills I could stack on top and they would just go dot, dot, dot, 'cause it's too long and it can't finish it. And that's the worst thing because then people don't even know what they're clicking on. And so it's gonna do even worse. Short, simple ideally and just so freaking interesting to have to click. And it is a good segue into the content and it represents the length of the content. The more extreme the opinion, typically the higher the click through rate. If you can like pay it off in the content, then it just supercharges it, so like... - Oh so, you have a kind of estimate of the extreme. - Yeah, like this just for water, right? You're like Fiji water sucks. Yeah that'd do fine. But if you said Fiji water is the worst water I've ever drank in my life. - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Way more extreme opinion, would do way better. - [Interviewer] But you have to deliver. - Yeah but then you have to deliver 'cause the more extreme you are, the more extreme you have to be in the video. - I heard you guys talking about auto play on YouTube. - [MrBeast] Yes. - And I've never considered it. I've always thought about the thumbnail, but now on YouTube, videos automatically play. - Of course, so before you do, you film a video, what is the thumbnail, what is the video? And then what's the first five seconds and then what's the first 30 seconds? You know, by the first five seconds it's like, goes with the thumbnail. - Because it's possible that people open YouTube and they don't... - They don't see it, especially for us because like for so many people, I've watched hundreds of our videos when I upload I am first on your homepage. So like you just literally don't even see the thumbnail 'cause it auto play so quickly. So like the thumbnail is irrelevant. I have to like visually convince you to click on the video. - Wow, that's so interesting. - Yeah, that's why we go so hardcore. - Dude, that's so crazy. So do you consider also captions in those first five seconds? 'Cause of course people aren't... - Of course yeah, everything. Everything. Yes. 100%. - Wow, so those first five seconds, that hook is now even more important than it ever used to be. - Oh of, 100%. Yeah, before it was important because you had to convince people to watch. - Now you have to convince people to click and watch at the same time. - Whoa. - [MrBeast] With the first five seconds. - That's driving CTR now too. - It is, 100%. I roast a lot of people who like have boring first five seconds, it's brutal. Your title and thumbnail set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize dropoff, you want to assure them that those expectations are being met. If you click on a video where you know of his, where it's like Tether is a scam and then at the very beginning he starts talking about literally anything else, then you are like, oh this is bull, this isn't what I clicked on. But if at the very start of the video you go, Tether is a scam and I'm gonna teach you why, then it's like okay, you match the expectations. So at the very beginning match the expectations and then you wanna exceed them. So you wanna assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like, but you're also getting even more. That's how you lower drop off. Which a lot of people, sometimes it takes them like 20 seconds to really meet the expectations and so you lose, like that's where you're gonna lose everyone. Everyone's video start like this and then it levels off. So you wanna reduce the amount of people that click off on the audience retention graph. I hope you're popping up graphs while I'm saying this. So it's easier for people to visualize. We really should drill this home because like the number one thing is like retaining as many people as possible at the start. 'Cause like envision a chart where you lose 35% of your viewers in the first 30 seconds and then envision one where you only lose 20%, that's 15% more people that are watching you know, throughout the video than not. And it's not like you made the whole video like a bunch better. You just had a more strategic intro that hooked them. I'm showing to put this into words and like to really impose how important that is. But like that 15% difference in viewership really does make the difference between hypothetically like 2 million views on a video and like 10 in my head, the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video, like. - I can almost, I think I can quote it, I tied up an FBI agent and I have 100 thousand dollars of this bag. Here's a knife, good luck. And I just run away. - Like it gives you everything you need. - No wasted words. Short, concise, and then tension. You basically wanna remove every dull moment. You probably want to find the 10 most critical people you know, make them watch the video and just roast it. You know, certain things like, if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut, like a lot of people will just like get bored or they'll lose interest. So like having a B cam and a C cam and just, you can just talk for 10 seconds but three seconds in cutting to a B cam and then a C cam, like now it's more interesting even though it's essentially the same thing and not that crazy. But you wanna have good pacing, typically having a payoff at the end, keep some, right? Last to leave the circle wins 10 grand. If there is a low moment halfway through you're gonna watch to the end 'cause you wanna see who wins the 10 grand. So having a good payoff at the end. - [Interviewer] How do you keep viewers watching and you know, happy with the video? - I would say just give them why they clicked. Tell them why they should watch and then just stick on topic. Like that right there isn't even super complex but I would already put you in the upper echelon of YouTube. Like it's hard for a lot of people, people for whatever reason, like they just drag it out. A lot of log channels do it. It's like eating 100 dollars ice cream and they'll be like, I'm going to eat 100 dollars ice cream but first and then it's like earlier in the day and it's just stuff that has nothing to do with what you clicked on. It's like them birthday shopping for their mom and it's like that's not why I came here. - Now if you're looking to grow your YouTube channel, I gotta tell you about this before we get into the rest of MrBeast's genius advice and that is that we at Think Media are doing a free YouTube challenge to help you grow your first 1000 subscribers on YouTube or make your first $1,000 on YouTube. To sign up for free, all you have to do is go to Tube1KChallenge.com or check out the link down in our description during this free challenge, Sean Cannell, the founder of Think Media, is gonna be showing you guys how to grow your YouTube channels and make money online with YouTube. So click on the link to sign up today or to check out when our next challenge is gonna be. Okay, let's get back into the video. - What's interesting is the longer people watch something, the more likely they are to keep watching. So you don't have to try as hard in the hypothetically back half of a video as you do it in the front. Like even right now, we're so deep into this where a lot of people listening are probably just gonna keep listening relatively close to the end unless we just have a really boring part of this conversation. 'Cause they're just in it, they're immersed. And so a big like, to really boil it down to a simple level, you just want to get people where they're immersed in the content and then just kind of hold them there. The thing is, it's all knowledge. It really is. And like every time I say this, people debate it to the end of time on Twitter, but I don't care. Like I could start a new channel tomorrow with not using my face or my voice like without ever promoting it and in six months have 20 million subscribers. I just could, yeah, it's purely knowledge. Like if you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million views of video and you could get 10 million subscribers no matter where you are right now within six months. It really is just knowledge. And I could already tell you 90% of the people watching, they don't, they don't agree with that. They don't. And everyone has excuses and they're always like, nah, YouTube just doesn't work like that, Jimmy, you don't understand. But I mentor a lot of people. I see it even to this day, I still see it all the time. It is possible. It is simply knowledge and the second you accept that it is knowledge and you start your, for me, 10,000 day journey of learning, for you, whatever it is, if you want to be less hardcore but, and like actually figuring out, you know, what makes a good video, what does my audience want, how can I elevate? And then you take that knowledge and you just, you just assume that I will never understand what the perfect video is and every single day I just need to be devoted to learning as much as possible and improving as much as possible. And I gotta prove every video as much as I can. Then, there you go. There are tons of viral ideas that people can do that don't require money. It does not require money to go viral. Like at one point, one of my most few videos was like spending 24 hours in a desert, we just grabbed a tent, some stuff and we went in the desert and it got like 60, 70 million views. I have so many videos where we spent hardly any money, like the no food one or I'd have to pull up the channel and go through it that have gotten tens of millions of views and they would've gotten 10 plus million views even on a small channel. So people who say, oh well, I could be MrBeast if I had money. Well, A, I didn't start off with money, I was poor, I had no money and it took me like seven years just to buy a camera saving up from YouTube and B, some of our most reviews literally, like anyone can do. The best way to get views in my opinion, I think it's better to really, really focus on quality. If you're a very small YouTuber and you can upload a video a day and like all the videos be average and like none of those videos will really stand out. None of it's like epic enough where like the algorithm's gonna go, oh this video, like this video is good. Like we need to spread it, feel like a lot of small YouTubers they just post like videos that aren't bad but they're not great and they just do that and none of them ever pop off so they never get an audience where it might be better to like, you know, upload half or a third or even like a fifth of the videos but make the videos you upload so freaking good that like the algorithm has to promote it and that, you know, it has to find audiences for it, 'cause it's such an interesting and good video, when you like set a consistent schedule and you're constantly having to upload videos that aren't as good as you'd like because you gotta hit, oh this Monday, I said I'd upload every Monday. You know like that's a dangerous trap because then you know, the viewers notice that the quality isn't as good and it makes them less likely to watch. And I think it hurts your longevity. A lot of times people, oh boy, it's like they think their videos are better than they are, honestly and that... - Tell them Jimmy, tell them. - I mean they do and you have to like, you have to, that and they have horrible friend groups 'cause you really are like the type of YouTubers you hang around. And so like a lot of times I'm just like, what you're saying is wrong, who told you this? They're like, oh, this guy, this guy. And it's like, well they're wrong. It's not true. You, there's no such thing as a perfect video. Like someone should always call you and... It on your video 'cause it could be better. Like that's because imagine if someone does that every video and you upload 100s, if not 1,000 videos over the next 10 years and every single time someone's critiquing you and you're applying what they're critiquing. Like imagine the compound effect. Over that time span. It's invaluable. People think it's like, oh well, it's all like CTR and stuff like that. But a big thing that everyone... Underestimates is it's, what was your experience with your last video? If people loved your, the last video of yours that they watched, they're more likely to watch your next one. For the YouTubers watching this, when people watch your video they go, okay, that was good but like, that's enough of you for the day. Like it was all right, right? Whereas what you want is them to go, holy crap, that was crazy. Oh my god, what's that? Holy crap. That was crazy. Oh my god. And they just, and they watched 10 videos. That's what you're going for. That data can't describe and like I don't, I've never heard anyone talk about that but that, that is it. That's how you get these high view counts because people watch 10 videos, not one, you know? It's okay to draw inspiration for me but just don't do what I do to a T. - It's not like $1 versus blank. - I'm the first person to do it but I just, you know, saw that format and I was just like, how can I do that 100 times better? - Right. - How can I put 100 times more creativity into it? How can I level up the editing by 100 times? How can I spend 100 blah, blah, blah. - And that's always my mindset. How can I, like if I get inspired by something, how can I do that but 100 times better and make it my own? Whereas a lot of people are just like, oh MrBeast did that, I'm just gonna do it. - [Interviewer] Yeah, how do I make a good thumbnail? How do I get people to click my video? - [MrBeast] You want it to be simple. You want them to be able to, like when they're scrolling through their suggested or homepage or whatever touch point, you want them to instantly be able to understand what you're conveying and you want them to feel some type of emotion. You know what I mean? The way I like to phrase it is, you wanna make it so interesting or spike their curiosity or whatever emotion so much that like if they don't click it, they'll wonder, you know, when they're, before they go to bed, like what happened? Like, an example would be like if you uploaded a video, I rode a skateboard with 1000 other people on it and like people are falling off the side or whatever and I'm envisioning like a giant skateboard and people are like hanging on the side of it. Maybe it's like about to go off a big ramp. If you don't click that, you're gonna like be so curious, it's gonna be on your mind, you know? Later in the day when you're daydreaming, you're gonna think like, huh, what happened? What happened to those thousand people on that skateboard? That's kind of a mindset I think you should have when making thumbnails. - How often do you change a thumbnail on a video? Is that something, do you usually just stick with one or you try different one? - Well, so I think we, we get better at making thumbnails every year. So it's more, when I upload a thumbnail I usually think it's good and I don't change it most of the time, but what happens is like three years later I look back and I'm like, oh that's a horrible thumbnail. And so it's usually like every two years we just go back and update a lot of our older thumbnails just 'cause they're terrible. Just with like the new knowledge we have and what we've learned. And funny enough, that actually usually does help quite a bit when we update the thumbnails on old videos that they usually do see a little bit of an uptake 'cause they're just, you know, if we take an old thumbnail where it's like seeing if whatever, like 1,000, 100,000 mattresses can stop a car and it just looks terrible. And then with the new stuff I know we zoom in a little bit so it's a little more visible and make things look better. Then magically it starts doing a little bit better. 'Cause now people actually understand what it is. 'cause I'm not as much of an idiot anymore. In 10 years, YouTube's gonna be bigger than television ever was for culture in America, at least in my opinion. And so I think a lot of people underestimate that and people, I don't think people really understand just how like, to be a, one of the top creators on the biggest social media platform and that and that will also be the biggest in 10 years during that whole time. Like the amount of value and how crazy that is. Like you don't need a network, you don't need, you know, to go through people. You just are, you can and you can do whatever you want and you can influence people how you want. It's just wild. It's mind blowing. And you can leverage that to build businesses or you know, like do things like Beast Philanthropy or whatever. I think like people don't realize just how much influence the top YouTube channels have. No one's ever gonna do what I do better than me. Like it's just not, it's not even humanly possible. Like I reinvest every penny I make. - I work every hour I'm awake, I devote every atom in my brain to solving this. I hire the best people on the planet. I've been doing this for 14 years and I think in decades, not years. So I'm gonna be doing this for another 20, 30 years, not two or three. So no, the next me isn't gonna be me because no one's gonna do It's not possible. If I thought someone was doing better than me, I'd just start sleeping less so I could work even more. Like I'd figure it out, I don't get... - The barrier to entry to be you is extremely high. - Yeah. - Right? Especially where you're at now. - Well it's 'cause I'm all in. I'm crazy. Like people shouldn't be me. I don't have a life, I don't have work life balance. I, my personality, my soul, my being is making the best videos possible, entertaining my fans as best as I can. Like that is why I exist on this planet. And I don't recommend it. You know, mean like, you should have work-life balance. You should not devote your entire life to this one thing. Like go have fun. Like, you know, I'm miserable a lot of times I have a mental breakdown every other week 'cause I push myself so hard. Like I don't recommend it, you know? - What do you think gets us to a million subscribers? - Well, subscribers is an arbitrary, so a million that doesn't matter. - A million views of videos. - You should ask me what helps us make the best videos possible. That's the only question you should ask me. Subscribers don't matter. Views don't matter. I mean they do. - But all that comes, everything you... Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. But it's easier to, you know, make thumbnails, the video part's the hard part. And that's the thing that you're known for. Ask how can I make my videos better? Do that every single day for years. And then you'll probably get views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [422 likes]: What was your favorite take away from this video? Let us know below ⬇
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @Firegod-Gaming1 [1 likes]: 🔥
  3. @MssJoker1 [1 likes]: When I  made my Youtube channel many years ago, I did not even planned to uploading videos for others to watch and becoming a youtuber or something. I just uploaded them because for myself to watch them later. But it is a very good thing if someone has talent to become a real Youtuber and making really interesting and enjoyable videos what other people enjoys to watch. I know exactly that I'm not too creative and I do not know how to edit videos, cut and attach them. So I do not even expect that anyone will ever subscribe to my channel. LOL
  4. @VoiceNInk: Just hit 43 subscribers. Long way to go 🎉
  5. @M3philes2012: ㅤ
  6. @M3philes2012: im nearly at 50 subs
  7. @Memoshawi: Great
  8. @Benjibm: I posted my first short today! I gained my first 1 subscriber! I’m so happy 🎉.. haha x
  9. @TrulyElite-r: I believe l will go viral
  10. @DJ.P.Murray11: 30 subscribers here❤❤❤❤
  11. @AlvinaGachuguEnt: I started on YouTube in 2011...
Consistency has been my biggest issue.
Hopefully, this year, I make it right.
I've improved... immensely.
  12. @zeorankz: Wow
  13. @citcotyoB: i wanna give up, but this got reccomeneded, that means i can't give up
  14. @Queeniedreamy1: I’m on 443  quite happy  about it
  15. @adjlist: Get to work and start uploading. Create create create.
  16. @stronghousewife: 39 subscriber 😢
  17. @VenomBoyzGarage: Mr beast a pitt county boy making NC look good i have a small channel next county over in martin ...Would love to pick his brain on how to grow maybe get bigger an we can do something together for charity as eastern NC Boyz...
  18. @Richboss1-l5i: Amazing video I think this is the most interesting video I ever watched great encouragement u give me hope that I can continue to my dreams to make this become my biggest income
  19. @Richboss1-l5i: Wow thanks you so much for the update on how to become a better YouTuber 😮😊
  20. @CommentChaos_1: Good advise

- What Experts DON'T Tell You About the Algorithm!: Kind: captions Language: en - YouTube's algorithm does not care about your keywords. In fact, if you are focused on the YouTube algorithm as your main strategy for trying to grow your YouTube channel, you are focused on the wrong thing. Today, in this video, I wanna prove it to you by taking you behind the scenes and showing you exactly how YouTube's algorithm works so that you can focus on the right thing and grow your channel regardless of how small or big it might be. Welcome, my name is Tim Schmoyer welcoming you to Video Creators where we are all about helping those of you who are established YouTube creators with next step tactics to further grow your audience and the business that surrounds that audience starting today with YouTube's algorithm. The main thing you need to know is that YouTube's algorithm is way more advanced than you think it is. It is way smarter than most creators even realize. Let me give you a little demo here of how Google Video's artificial intelligence works and what it's doing to your video while your video is still uploading and processing. They are scanning the video and they are figuring out a lot of things on their own of what's happening in this video because they've learned that a lot of creators are going to use misleading metadata. They're going to use keywords and tags that aren't really about this video but it has less competition, higher search volumes. YouTube's like no, we can't really depend on that data. So here we can see at a video level that YouTube's identifying with like 91% confident we think this video overall is about nature, we think that there's 83% confidence this is about animals and that there's trees and vegetation and 68% confidence that this is like forestation but they also know on a shot by shot level basis what's happening in each shot like you see in this shot, 91% confident this is about nature. There's 84% confident there's an animal. 31% confident this is an ape. Oh, next shot, yes. Now we are more confident, 65% confident that there is an ape in this video image right here, there's animals and they know shot by shot they can see here's shot 20 of the 35. There's a waterfall. 94% confidence there's an insect, there's an animal. They can see exactly what's going on frame by frame by frame inside of our video. They are scanning for explicit content and the likelihood of there being pornography in this video is very unlikely and so they're trying to figure that out too because a lot of people use misleading data. They will go through your entire video and they will figure out exactly what your video's about even if you don't put any metadata or tags or keywords in your content at all. YouTube and Google is that smart. So what kind of things can their AI detect? Well, they've told us that their AI can detect scene changes in different segments which we've already seen. They can detect and track objects so they can see what this, oh, this is a pair of sunglasses. They can track it as it moves across the frame or different part of the video. They can detect and extract text from the image. They can see exactly if there's explicit content going on here or they can see, they can recognize speech and like, this is person A, person B and person C and they can extrapolate each person's audio and say that now this person's talking. They can recognize different people in there whether it be celebrities or if there's different faces of like, oh, we can see that this must be Tim in this image. They can even identify someone's fashion that they're wearing. It goes really in depth. They can see the emotional expression on someone's face. They can see that there's a person here and she's holding a camera. 69% confident that this is a woman. You can see the hair, the camera, the photography. They're even 75% sure this is a mirrorless interchangeable camera. Now, this is interesting 'cause the top keyword so to speak that they're coming up here is food photography but there's no food in this image but they've recognized this is Joanie from The Bite Shot and they recognize that this lady represents food photography. That's what her whole brand is about. They're picking up the text of the camera shot that says EOS on there, the Canon. There's the dominant colors. They're looking at like how safe is this? It's very unlikely it's got anything in it. So guys, YouTube's AI is smart. So your attempts to trick or hack this thing are likely not working very well. So we need to focus on the same thing that the algorithm is focused on. How can we have the algorithm meet its goals? And so the goal of the algorithm is to deliver the right video to the right person at the right time and the way it measures if it's done that well or not is by looking at viewer signals. How does the viewer respond to this content when we say surface this video to them? Do they click, did they watch, did they get good amount of watch time, session time? YouTube's doing a lot now to measure viewer satisfaction ratings. Not just did they watch but how did this video make them feel at the end of it and how likely is this person gonna come back to YouTube tomorrow or two days from now when we surface this video versus that video? They are focused 100% on the viewer and so if we want our content to perform well in YouTube's search and discovery systems then we also need to focus primarily on viewer. As we say a lot around here at Video Creators, we need to optimize for humans, not for robots. So how do you do that? What does that even look like? Well, it includes a lot of different things. We talk a lot about primal branding around here which are the signals that you give to the viewer that make it easy for them to fall in love with you and your content and what you're all about and wanna watch more. We also talk about storytelling and how do you engage the viewer and pique their interest and create some tension that keeps them interested and watching all the way to the end and it's also very important that you have a clear target audience that you are crafting this content specifically for that person so that when they find your content, they're like, yes, this is what I've been looking for my whole life like I am so glad I found your content and it resonates with them. It also means that your brand is very clear. You have a clear value proposition and those first time viewers can quickly and easily catch up and pick up on what that is and be like, this is a value that I want to consume and I feel like this content is exactly for me, I'm in and you get them to watch more and start engaging. If you wanna learn more how to do that, I put together a short playlist. You can click right here to get into that and it's going to take you through several videos that will show you exactly how to make it easy for your viewers to fall in love with you and your brand and your content, want to keep watching and watch more. So click there and I'll see you over in that next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HawkeyeRides [1 likes]: Great video, you explained it with detailed information 👍🏻
  2. @RainbowX [1 likes]: hm
  3. @COURTZYOUTUBE [1 likes]: I’m addicted to learning my way around the algorithm 🤣🤣
  4. @opusandtarquez [1 likes]: This is GREAT...aaaaaaaaand a little bit scary to be honest!
  5. @soundz-relaxorsleep546 [1 likes]: excellent informational video!!! THANK YOU
  6. @RebelScumJack: Thanks for the useful information and insight!
Godspeed and God bless!
  7. @thedevdavid: While this is true, keywords still matter. AI figuring out content is a small part of it. It can define the basic category, but can't figure out the exact specifics/subcategories/niche.
  8. @SalamMaaAllah: Hi, do you know if this applies to other languages or just in english?
  9. @saviyou: I can’t believe it took me almost a year to find this video
  10. @DrichsAdventure: Woooaahh! It really is very intelligent. Thanks for this, it's so informative for me as a new creator here on Youtube.
  11. @KristinGrady: I'm happy to not have to worry about meta data or tags very much. I have enough to worry about already in trying to get the channel to grow.
  12. @MoneyEnergy888: Thanks for this informative video.
  13. @MinaInManila: impressive and informative! Thank you!
  14. @CampingCompanions: Holy cow!  That is amazing!
  15. @BuildYourOwnSmallBusiness: Wow. Thank you for uncloaking this strategy.
  16. @phathu__r: Your videos are amazing and very helpful. Thank you Tim
  17. @jxx9x: can u talk about words that get u demonitized and if we can cuss 😭
  18. @ReallyFakeable: So working on Titles isn't important anymore?
  19. @Jharieltravel: Basically it's all abt content that make your audiences engaged with your video
  20. @laurasongsandsuch.6567: Is it better for YouTubers to take down videos that end up having fewer views?

- YouTube Algorithm EXPOSED: How AI Analysis Reveals Real Growth Strategies (2025 Updates): Kind: captions Language: en-US Forget everything you think you know about the&nbsp; YouTube algorithm! There's no 'one weird trick'&nbsp;&nbsp;to going viral But there is a smarter way&nbsp; to navigate the noise and get real results. &nbsp;&nbsp; Welcome to CharmIQ. Today, we're using our Youtube Growth Specialist AI to analyze YouTube growth strategies. To create this specialist AI,&nbsp;&nbsp;follow the link above; it s just three clicks). &nbsp; Alright, let's cut through the YouTube fog. So, I found this video. First, I'll upload the link&nbsp; to Files. Then, add it to our Reference Material.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, watch this. I'm asking: "Summarize the key&nbsp; points in this video for me?"&nbsp; Here' s what he dug&nbsp;up: "Sharing on external platforms can hinder&nbsp; growth." Also, "Subscribers from externals may&nbsp;&nbsp;not engage." Instead of watching a 10-minute video, we&nbsp; get the essence instantly. That's efficiency! but knowing the points is one thing. The real question&nbsp; is: "Are they true? What do you think?" Let's see what our expert comes back with. &nbsp;And here s the breakdown: "Sharing on&nbsp;&nbsp; external platforms can dilute your audience It's&nbsp; generally true." And, &nbsp; "The algorithm point is&nbsp;largely accurate." See that? It's not just a simple yes or no. It s giving us&nbsp; the context, the bigger picture view. Next, another video. Same drill: upload, reference,&nbsp;&nbsp;ask for a summary. The video advises: "Aim for&nbsp; a Click-Through Rate (CTR) above 14%." And "Post&nbsp;&nbsp; 15 videos within 15 days." Those are some bold&nbsp; claims! Let's see if these claims hold up. So, about those "Viral Metrics"? Our AI points out,&nbsp; "14% CTR is ambitious." And for "6 minutes AVD,"&nbsp;&nbsp; it "depends entirely on video length." As for "15&nbsp; videos in 15 days"? That "can lead to burnout." This is where it gets really interesting. Our&nbsp; Youtube Specialist isn't just repeating what's&nbsp;&nbsp; out there. He s breaking it down, showing us why&nbsp; those claims are oversimplified. He makes things&nbsp;&nbsp; clearer and much more reasonable than most advice&nbsp; you'll find. Now, the great thing is, we're not&nbsp;&nbsp; limited to just validating videos. We can ask&nbsp; any question we have. &nbsp;&nbsp; For instance, I've always wondered: "Can changing One Setting actually&nbsp; explode my YouTube views?" And the answer?&nbsp;&nbsp;"No single setting will 'explode' your views."&nbsp; But it does highlight "High-Impact Settings"&nbsp;&nbsp; like "Video Category," "Audience Retention&nbsp; Settings," and "Thumbnail Customization." So, the insight here is that it s about a holistic&nbsp; approach, a system working together, not just&nbsp;&nbsp; one magic lever to pull. That makes a lot more&nbsp; sense, doesn't it? Here s another common one:&nbsp;&nbsp;"Is scheduling the secret to going viral?" Our&nbsp;dude sets the record straight: "Scheduling alone&nbsp;&nbsp; is not the secret but it can be a significant&nbsp; contributing factor." &nbsp; The key is "maximizing your&nbsp;existing audience's availability." Again, it's&nbsp;about strategic thinking, working with the system,&nbsp;&nbsp; not trying to game it with a single trick. It's&nbsp; about understanding the flow. Alright, let's hit&nbsp;&nbsp;this head-on: "Tags, Scheduling are these secret&nbsp; settings actually Click bait BS?" So, our dude&nbsp;&nbsp;doesn't hold back: "Most 'secret settings' claims&nbsp; are indeed overblown." "Tags: Low to Moderate&nbsp;&nbsp;Impact." "Scheduling: Contextual Value." And what&nbsp;really drives success? " Watch time/retention,"&nbsp;&nbsp;"Click-through rate," "Engagement signals." And&nbsp;there you have it. Our dude cuts right through&nbsp;&nbsp; the usual hype to reveal the core truths.&nbsp; This is that broader perspective in action,&nbsp;&nbsp; showing us the fundamental pillars of YouTube&nbsp; growth, not just fleeting tactics. This YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp;insight? That's just a glimpse of what's possible.&nbsp; With CharmIQ, any expert, for any field you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to master, is ready to build with you. Stop just&nbsp; searching for answers; start creating your own&nbsp;understanding. Click that link. Don't just follow&nbsp; others; chart your own course to success.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MizQuiz [1 likes]: Omg! This is so so powerful! Now i can analyze all the viral videos to build mine!
  2. @CharmIQ: 🔥 Ready to build your own AI Agent or YouTube Growth Specialist like the one shown in this video? 🔥

👉 Watch our tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMhmBrD35Fg  to learn how to create custom AI agents tailored to your specific needs!

✨ Supercharge your YouTube growth with CharmIQ! ✨ Sign up today and use code NEW2CHARM for 20% off your first month: www.CharmIQ.ai

- Expert YouTube Reveals!: Kind: captions Language: en the viral dream more than just views we've all seen it a video explodes online racking up millions of views overnight it's an exhilarating moment A Rush of excitement and validation the Creator becomes an instant sensation their phone buzzing non-stop with notifications and interview requests it's the YouTube Dream right celebrating with friends feeling on top of the world while going viral can be amazing it's not the only measure of success true success on YouTube is built on consistency creativity and connection with your audience it's also not as random as it seems many viral videos are the result of careful planning research and understanding of the platform's algorithms going viral can Skyrocket your channel bringing new fans and opportunities it can open doors to collaborations sponsorships and a larger Community but chasing viral Fame can be frustrating the pressure to replicate that success can lead to burnout and stress it's easy to get caught up in the hype and lose sight of what truly matters the joy of creating the passion for your content and the connection with your audience let's break down the truth about going viral and how to build a successful channel it's about more than just views it's about creating meaningful content engaging with your audience and staying true to your vision so let's dive in and explore the real path to YouTube success MythBusters separating fact from fiction today we're diving deep deep into the world of viral content to uncover the Truths Behind the myths before we dive in let's debunk some common myths about going viral many believe that virality is purely a game of chance but that's far from the truth first it's not just about luck while luck can play a role the majority of viral successes are meticulously planned and executed while some viral videos are unexpected most are the result of hard work and strategy content creators spend hours brainstorming film and editing to craft the perfect piece second a massive subscriber count isn't necessary you don't need millions of followers to make an impact some videos go viral with a small dedicated audience it's about the quality of Engagement not just the quantity it's about creating content that resonates when your message strikes a chord with viewers it spreads like wildfire finally forget clickbait tricking viewers might get you initial clicks but it won't build a loyal fan base authenticity is key being genuine and transparent with your audience Fosters trust and long-term [Music] engagement the algorithm friend not foe the YouTube algorithm might seem like a mystery but it's designed to connect viewers with content they'll love understanding how it works is crucial the algorithm considers factors like watchtime engagement and video quality create content that keeps viewers hooked encourage comments likes and shares think about your title descriptions and tags they help the algorithm understand your content and recommend it to the right people engagement is King quality over quantity in the world of content creation it's easy to get caught up in the numbers game constantly chasing higher view counts and subscriber numbers but what truly matters is the quality of Engagement you Foster with your audience it's not just about how many views you get but how deeply viewers connect with your content when viewers feel a genuine connection they are more likely to return share and interact with your videos a video with millions of views but low watchtime won't have the same impact as a video with fewer views but High engagement High watchtime indicates that viewers are truly invested in your content watching it from start to finish focus on creating highquality content that Sparks conversation thought-provoking and well-crafted videos encourage viewers to comment like and share which in turn boosts your Channel's visibility and growth respond to comments ask questions and Foster a sense of community engaging with your audience makes them feel valued and heard strengthening their loyalty to your channel remember engaged viewers are more likely to become loyal subscribers and advocates for your channel they will not only watch your videos but also promote your content to others helping you build a sustainable and thriving community building your tribe Community is key building a strong Community around your content is essential for long-term success engage with your viewers respond to comments and Foster a sense of belonging consider hosting live streams quanda sessions and creating content based on viewer suggestions make your audience feel heard and valued a dedicated Community will amplify your reach sharing your content and attracting new viewers the long game enjoy the ride going viral is exciting but it's not the Finish Line focus on cre content you're passionate about enjoy the process of learning experimenting and connecting with your audience don't get discouraged if success doesn't happen overnight building a successful YouTube channel takes time effort and consistency keep creating keep engaging and keep the bigger picture in mind the journey is just as important as the destination keep creating keep connecting the truth is there's no magic for formula for going viral focus on creating quality content understanding your audience and building a strong Community remember the most important thing is to enjoy the journey what are your experiences with creating content share your thoughts in the comments below the viral dream more than just views we've all seen it a video explodes overnight it's an an exhilarating moment A Rush of excitement and validation the and understanding understanding of the platform's algorithms going viral can Skyrocket your channel bringing new fans and opportunities it can open doors to success channel it's about more than fiction today we're diving deep into the world of viral content to uncover the Truths Behind the myths before we dive in let's debunk some common myths about going viral many believe that Viral morality is purely a game of chance but that's far from the truth first it's not just about luck while luck can play a role the majority of viral successes are meticulously planned and executed while some viral videos are unexpected most are the result of hard work and strategy content creators spend hours brainstorming filming and editing to a cord with viewers it spreads like base authenticity is key being genuine and transparent with your audience Fosters trust and long-term watch time engagement and video quality think about your titles descriptions and millions of views but low watch time High watch time indicates that viewers Channel remember engaged viewers are streams Kanda sessions and creating Finish Line focus on creating content you're passionate about enjoy the process of learning experimenting and connecting with your audience don't get discouraged if success doesn't happen overnight formula for going viral focus on Comm Community but chasing viral Fame can be frustrating the pressure to replicate that success can lead to burnout and stress it's easy to get caught up in the hype and lose sight of what truly matters the joy of creating the passion for your content and the connection with your audience let's break down the truth about going viral and how to build a successful channel it's about more than just views it's about creating meaningful content engaging with your audience and staying true to your vision so let's Dive In and explore the real path to YouTube going viral many believe that virality is purely a game of chance but that's far from the truth first it's not just about luck while luck can play a role the majority of viral successes are a for with viewers it spreads like the algorithm considered factors like people engagement

- Ex-YouTube Employee Reveals How To Grow Your YouTube Channel: Kind: captions Language: en - What's up guys? Welcome to Creator Office Hours by TubeBuddy, where I answer your questions about how to make it as a creator as someone who has worked at YouTube and Instagram for the past eight years. So let's dive into the first question and I'll keep these as concise as possible, so you get as much value as possible. All right, first question, what's the best way to launch a YouTube channel, especially with no external traffic? Make sure you follow the five video rule, which is a rule that I actually talked about in my interview with MatPat, who has started multiple YouTube channels with millions of subscribers each. - So when you're starting a channel, the biggest mistake everyone makes is they launch the channel with nothing on it or just one video. Don't do that. Come on, come on, guys. Think about it this way, right, watch time matters. And so if you're telling people, "Go watch this thing," and there's nothing for them to watch, or there's nothing for them to latch onto, you're telling YouTube, this is a channel that isn't gonna retain people very long, and so when we launch a channel, we launch it with five videos. So that way, people go on a significant watch time journey in that first week period, so that way, it tells YouTube, wow, this is a great channel that's gonna get people to watch and they're gonna be really engaged. And it shows your audience that you're committed to it, too. - So don't launch with one video like most YouTubers do, instead, launch with five videos, and on top of that, I'd say make sure those five videos are slightly different styles and formats while still keeping it related to your niche so you can experiment with what resonates most and double down on that for your next five videos and so forth. Next question, how do I make videos consistently if I have a job and family? All right, this is something I thought about a lot while I was making content during my off time while working on Instagram and YouTube. And the biggest advice I could give is batch production scheduled release. If you're working a job, if you're gonna spend time with family, you wanna make sure you're not context switching too much between that and being creative and getting in flow state. Because if you don't, you're just gonna be waking up thinking about video ideas, you're not gonna be that good. Instead, I recommend taking time to batch your production, spend time once a week really thinking about different ideas, scripting them out, and trying to do three to four in one sitting. And then, if you can, film them or schedule another time so you could take care of the production of it, and that way, you batch it all together, and then schedule the release. So let's say once a week, you batch the production, which I would do on Sunday nights when I was working my day job, so it wasn't on their time, and then I would schedule a release during the week in the mornings before my job started. So I think about it like that, batch production scheduled release. how do you draw in new viewers? All right, search is gonna be your best friend, especially when you're trying to get initial traffic. And a great way to get content that feeds into search traffic is to use Google Trends, and use it in a way that most people don't. So go to trends.google.com, filter by YouTube search instead of web search, type in the words related to your niche, and see which one is highest and start making content around that first. And to make it even easier, TubeBuddy has a great tool which you could just plug in that shows your search volume, the competition for that search term, and the overall score for any search term, right When you put it into YouTube, which can be super helpful in helping decide what to make content about to build your initial audience. how do I tell better stories? All right, follow this four step process to tell better stories, intro, problem, solution, outro. And this is actually a process that Nas Daily uses obsessively to grow to 30 million followers across social media. The intro is the hook, and then comes the problem, solution, and outro, which could sound like this. - Did you know that the United Arab Emirates is one of the driest countries in the world? - Hmm. - [Nas] How do they drink? (Jon snickers) That's a problem! - Yeah. - But you never thought about this problem, ever in your life, but now you are interested in the solution to that problem. Then you walk them through the solution, one, two, three, four, five, and then there's always an outro. There's always a call to action, which is, yeah, this is really not about the Emirates, or the drinking, or the water, or whatever, this is about water conservation all around the world, and including you. So you gotta make it a little bit personal. - And in that outro, it's key that you bring it back to the viewer. So if you tell a story about water conservation and the Emirates, for example, then you should think about how to conserve water in your own life, so the viewer ties it back to their day-to-day. how could I improve my iPhone's camera quality without buying the newest iPhone? All right, go to settings, camera, and increase the resolution to 4k, because the default is usually much lower than that. And then when filming, try to use the back of the phone camera, which is much better than the front. And a bonus tip if you're posting on Instagram, hit the three lines button, go to settings, account, data usage, and turn on high quality uploads, which is most usually toggled off. That's all the questions for this edition of Creator Office Hours by TubeBuddy. Make sure to come and below your questions, I'll go through them all and answer the best ones in next month's edition. See you guys then.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NightlyHistory_1 [2 likes]: New YouTubers, remember: every big creator once had zero subscribers. Focus on your passion, learn as you go, and don’t compare your Chapter 1 to someone else’s Chapter 20. Rooting for you! 🌟
  2. @mintukhan2276: best books for self improvement
  3. @Arwand18: My son is 8 years old told me that he wants to be a YouTuber so I said ok I will help you to reach your goal I recorded a video for him he was super excited and confident but after I posted the video he felt sad because there was no views on his video 😢he said that nobody liked me I hope one day he can do it
  4. @MisterRogersNeighborhoodOff: Small creator 🤝
  5. @LearnAboutBit: This was very helpful! Appreciate the tips
  6. @FriedWiFi-99: The five video rule for launching a channel is such a smart way to build immediate watch time and show YouTube that your content is worth promoting
  7. @devanlbO: Such an insightful breakdown🚀 The five-video rule makes so much sense for building immediate momentum and retention. Also, the batch production tip is a lifesaver for anyone balancing a job with content creation. Thanks for sharing these insider secrets🙌✨
  8. @ImaginArt24: What if i have already made my channel im trying to do a game grumps format of lets plays
  9. @happilyretired62: I subscribe to small channels even though I don't like the content that much. my way of paying something forward.
  10. @unboxingxtra-eq5hq: My channel is doing ok 👍 but it’s just not growing
  11. @SmallChannelsNailed: Thank you for this video!
  12. @blackmomserienty: Thanks!
  13. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Sometimes the answer isn’t “work harder.”

It’s “focus narrower.”
  14. @ElliotRowan: As someone trying to grow a music channel, this was really encouraging.
Hoping I can apply this and slowly build something with my channel
  15. @sukiarain-w1y: I was so lost I needed a map, but this video was the GPS.
  16. @AmadeAfai-q7u: My brain went from zero to genius in record time.
  17. @AmadeAfai-q7u: I didn’t expect to learn, yet here I am—smarter and stunned.
  18. @CMCM-j9n: What's an av test?
  19. @jonashellborg8320: The intro, problem, solution, outro is basically why I left youtube as a viewer multiple times. I can’t just be entertained: I must be educated about yet another problem in the world, and take homework from it. I get thrown from video to video all asking me to do something. I think I’m not alone in wanting just simple entertainment, like if you live in Calcutta, film an annual festival in a 24h format, just a a fun documentary. This constant “problem, what you need to do about it” is generating anxiety in a lot of people. 😢
  20. @LaraibAhmed-z3t: My production workflow relies heavily on efficient research. Using AI summaries on long YouTube content is the key—it significantly speeds up my background work. Every creator should explore this.

- Why every Johnny Harris video goes viral: Kind: captions Language: en this airport this texas army this is look at this look at things how does one person create videos explaining everything from mcdonald's ice cream machines to venezuela's border crisis and get millions of views on every single one i mean johnny harris even got nominated for an emmy which is like okay it isn't that johnny harris is an expert in these topics it isn't his fancy animations other people do that and never go viral so what is it johnny it's my formula the formula visual evidence then context and while these two pieces seem simple to use their viral power comes from johnny weaving them together in a way that no one else is even attempting to here's proof step one look at johnny harris's venezuelan border crisis explainer millions of people have fled venezuela step two compare it to this pbs explainer of the same topic millions of venezuelans have fled step three label every section as providing either visual evidence or context step four attach a musical note to every contact section and a new note to each new piece of visual evidence step five listen to them in order for the pbs piece you can hear long droning sections of context and only sparse visual evidence but in johnny's video listen to how the opening section is jammed with varied repeating visual evidence context sections are short and pulsed rhythmically between sections of visual you just experienced johnny harris's explanation secret sauce visual evidence then context visual evidence then context or from the audience's perspective experience it understand it experience understand it this repeating two-part structure is how he gets millions of views but it's something that anyone can do here's how number one i experience it visual anchors look at the first three minutes of the video and you'll see these visual anchors visual anchors also known as visual are things that you can point your camera out that exists in the world that show whatever it is you're trying to say visual anchors are everything in the first three minutes of this eight minute video everything is just visual anchors there's no context no explanation why would you give evidence without any context well johnny harris knows that understanding something begins with experiencing it on some level so even without explicit context good visual anchors things that are striking and tangible an intuitive sense of the context but visual anchors are easy to get wrong look at this pbs clip economic catastrophe inflation is predicted to be one million percent pulverizing incomes if you need proof of how bad this visual is look at johnny harris do you need proof of how bad it is in venezuela right now look at this purse this purse is made entirely of the bills of the venezuelan currency rather than describing abstract pulverized incomes johnny makes you look at a purse literally made of what should have been people's incomes this commitment to pointing his camera and our attention at vivid visuals is so core to johnny he gave it his own creative name i call it look at this thing these trams these donkeys you just sign these 100-page instruction manuals this banana let's talk about tea the bookstore i'm in a village a venezuelan style hot dog ice cream cone this airport this textbook this army barracks this is me look at this purse look at the explosive look at this bridge look at how this pbs explainer deferred visual evidence to later in the piece attempting to establish understanding by having viewers hear about the context johnny does the opposite when i'm thinking about a story i'm thinking about what visual anchors are the best i'm gonna put those up front to get them bought in and get them saying like wow i understand this thing because i'm looking at these these different things and once we've seen it johnny creates continuity by repeating these visual anchors throughout you can't just have a video or a piece that's just all visual anchors you need context if people are going to start to understand this you need to have the bridge in between them number two i understand contextual bridges between visual anchors these bridge sections are what we traditionally think of as explaining but they're a minority of the video and as a rule always come after visual anchors anchor bridge anchor bridge is my formula and here's why his formula works visual anchors zoom in to let us experience the topic bridges zoom out to fill in the context look at how johnny harris zooms in to show us visual evidence of economic crisis then zooms out to answer our curiosity of how that crisis happened before zooming back in to show us visual evidence of the resulting mass migration in school we're taught to explain using context than evidence but anchor bridge is the reverse of that and it's this reversal that enables johnny harris to command our attention so well they're like what is this and then they will sit through four minutes of history in context listen to johnny harris's piece again and you'll hear johnny making us look at this thing relentlessly until we're hungry for context that bridges us directly to the next piece of visual evidence and how like a character in a story visual anchors repeat again and again it shows johnny harris's skill but it also reveals a deeper truth for anyone seeking to convey knowledge that good explanation doesn't start up in our head but rather rests on a body of vivid experience the story of this video begins with a rant by this creative powerhouse michelle mcgee she was asking why does johnny harris have to say look at this thing so much we found within a huge video a small chunk where he explains why those are the clips you saw in this video after a lot of work from michelle g my crave editor and eleanor we got this one thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyharris [15000 likes]: Wow. Yep you got it right. Nice work.
  2. @ballenmedia [1 likes]: Here's an idea: Our senses peak our interest, our interest peaks our understanding. Senses - Interest - Understanding.
  3. @gRIZZly_Pear [1 likes]: He probably uses bot farms
  4. @Aafanyu: sum bullshit
  5. @ParkerRex: Wow
  6. @jdubfreeman: 0:03 what editing style is that?
  7. @proudgoyimm: I don't think they're very good honestly, just because a video seems very professional with millions of views doesn't always mean it's one of the best forms of quality content
  8. @Primeval_Files-j8g: You really explained well
  9. @alexavasquez1992: it also doesn't hurt that he's ruggedly handsome
  10. @Dancing_Alone_wRentals: tHank you then.....tHank you now! 
I just found this video again......three years later.  I liked it then but didn't understand.....Today I didn't even recognize the video but experiences have now helped the lesson take root.
  11. @HomieVlogs: It's just show and tell.
  12. @XHY-IAN: pretty like scientific paper logic . john could mAKke a good phd thesis
  13. @krzeszewski: harris is std of youtube
  14. @krakenx17: i hate jump cut shit !!!!! blablablablablablaaaaa
  15. @AnimeLingri: He makes very good geo politics video . Wish i had histroy teacher like that
  16. @tkd1-e8k: hes a jewish plant and a midwit
  17. @ВПоискахПравды-ь6э: Can you speak a little "faster" so we can grasp a little from that knowledge?
  18. @cravetheplanet: Great work
  19. @jonathanlivingston7358: You did t define “context” exactly
  20. @Asmaraዓለመይ: I watch all his videos even videos about stories I’ve no knowledge or interest in lol

- YouTube SEO 2026: How I Rank #1 on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube SEO in 2026 works completely differently than it did a couple of years ago. And if you're still following the old way, you're basically setting yourself up for failure. I've been doing this for over 4 years now, ranking over a,000 videos and pulling in more than 200 million views using one specific strategy. The name of this entire strategy is KVS, and it's the framework that ties all of these steps together. And in this video, I'm going to break down each step so you can start ranking number one for any keyword you want. The K and KVS stands for keyword. Here's what a lot of people get wrong. They think they need to make the video first and then decide on the title and figure out how to rank for it. But it's actually the opposite. You want to first find the keyword you want to rank for and only then make the video. This way, you're not guessing whether your video will rank number one. You already know there's demand before you even start recording. So, let me show you exactly how to find and analyze 10 out of 10 keywords that you can actually rank for. Here are the three things that a 10 out of 10 keyword needs. Number one, low competition, so you can easily outperform everyone else ranking for it. Number two, good search volume, meaning people are actually interested in searching for it. Number three, no matching keyword. You'll be the only one using that exact keyword. This is the key to ranking quickly, even with a small YouTube channel. So, here's exactly how I find keywords like that. The tool I'm using is called Vid IQ, and it is by far the best SEO tool for YouTube. When you first sign up, you want to head over to keywords and type in any broad keyword in your niche. For me, that's going to be design. You want to go broad here and focus on the industry you want to reach. After that, click on matching terms. This only shows keywords that contain your original search. Type in design, click matching terms, and you'll see matching keywords. This is powerful because it lets you move quickly from a broad industry term to a full list of more specific keywords. And that's exactly where the opportunity is. These longer, more specific keywords usually have lower competition, which makes it much easier to rank at the top and grow your channel. From here, I'm going to select something I'm interested in, which for me is motion design. I'm going to repeat the process to go even deeper. So, for this one, I'll click matching terms again and select motion design for Da Vinci Resolve. Then, I'm going to repeat this once more to get my final keyword, which is how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve. Once I have that ready, I'm going to head over to YouTube. I'm going to paste my keyword into the search field. After the search, I check competition, volume, and keyword match. When looking at competition, you want to check for big channels ranking for your keyword. In this example, some channels have large followings. But that doesn't mean this keyword is out of reach. I'll show you exactly why this matters in just a second. The next thing we want to look at is volume. Make sure the Vid IQ extension is installed in Chrome. It shows a video's views per hour. Some of these videos are getting over 10 views per hour, which is pretty solid for a small channel. This tells you people are actively searching for this topic right now. And the last thing is the key that makes it possible to rank for this keyword, even with bigger channels showing up. That's the matching keyword factor. We want to see if the videos currently ranking are actually using this exact keyword in their titles. You can check this by pressing Ctrl+F and searching for your keyword to see if anything comes up. For me, nothing does. None of these videos are actually using this keyword in their title. And here's why that matters. YouTube always ranks the most relevant result. When your title matches exactly what someone searches for, your video becomes the most relevant result. When no other title includes that keyword, your video becomes the top match for that search. Because you're the most relevant, people are going to click. And YouTube wants to keep viewers on the platform as long as possible. So, they prioritize giving searchers exactly what they're looking for. Let me show you exactly how this works by walking through a real example. If you look at this video ranking here, the title is how to edit stunning motion graphics in Da Vinci Resolve. Now, watch what happens when I search for that exact title. There it is. Number one. That's exactly how YouTube decides to rank videos. And that's exactly why the matching keyword factor is so powerful. Now, we know we can rank for this keyword. There's search volume and no big competitors. So, we move to the V in KVS video. Because if your video isn't good, it doesn't matter how perfect your keyword is. YouTube wants to rank content that viewers actually enjoy watching. So, your job is to create exactly what the viewer is looking for when they type in that search. Here's how I make sure my videos outperform the competition. First, I revisit the top ranking videos and watch all of them from start to finish. I'm paying attention to what they cover, how they explain things, what visuals they use, and most importantly, what they're missing. Then I do something that almost nobody thinks to do. I take the time to read through the comments and see what people are actually saying. The comment section is basically free market research. People are literally telling you what they liked, what they wish the video had included, and what confused them. Someone already made a video on this topic and viewers already gave their feedback. All you have to do is take that feedback and apply it to your video. This way, you're not just creating a similar video, you're creating a better version of what already exists. And that's exactly what YouTube wants to rank. Now, let's move on to the final letter in the KVS strategy. The S in KVS stands for SEO, and this is where we tie everything together. First, the title needs to clearly include the main keyword people are searching for. So, if I want to rank for how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve, my title is going to look like this. How to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve. Notice how the entire keyword is right there in the title. Beginner tutorial at the end makes the title clearer. Adding the year step by step or beginner friendly helps people know what to expect. This builds trust before they even click. With the title finished, let's move on to the description. The first thing I always do is take the keyword from my title and paste it right at the top of my description. This reinforces to YouTube exactly what your video is about. All right, the title is done. Now, let's move on to the description. To find these, I go back to Vid IQ and click on related keywords. This gives me a list of related terms people are searching for that connect to my main keyword. I pick the ones that are most relevant and naturally work them into my description. We do this for two reasons. First, it tells YouTube more about our video so it knows when to recommend it. And second, it gives us a chance to rank for these other keywords, too. So, for this example, my description looks like this. In this video, you'll learn how to do basic motion design in Da Vinci Resolve step by step. This Da Vinci Resolve tutorial shows how to use Fusion and Da Vinci Resolve Fusion to create simple motion design elements explained clearly and made simple for beginners. Perfect if you're new to Motion Design and want Da Vinci Resolve made simple. See how I've included multiple related keywords, but it still reads like a normal sentence. That's exactly what you want. Now, when it comes to creating your thumbnail, the most important thing is that it has to be better than the competition you're ranking against. So, if we go back and look at the videos we're competing with, you'll notice most of them are using pretty dark thumbnails. Very few of them actually include a face. This makes creating a standout thumbnail easy. A high contrast thumbnail with a face grabs more attention. The way I create thumbnails, and what I recommend you do, too, is by using a tool called pixels. Here's how it works. If you head over to the recreate feature, you can paste in a link to a YouTube video or a thumbnail that you like. Pixels will use that as a reference. So, you're not starting from scratch. you're building off something that's already proven to work, then you can add yourself into the thumbnail by selecting your persona. If you don't have one yet, just click create and upload a few images of yourself. Pixels then generates a thumbnail that follows the same style and includes you. And just like that, I have a professional thumbnail ready to go for my video. I'll leave a link to a full Pixels tutorial in the description if you want a deeper breakdown of how to use it. Now, the last thing we need to cover is tags. Honestly, tags don't matter nearly as much as they used to, but I still fill them in because it takes 10 seconds. Here's what I do. I take the keyword I want to rank for, copy it, and head over to a website called rapid tags.io. I paste in the keyword, click search, and it gives me a list of relevant tags. I just copy those and paste them directly into my video. And that's the entire KVS strategy. You now know how to rank number one on any video you want in 2026. Think about it. You can step into any niche, find a keyword, create a better video than what's already ranking, and set up your SEO so YouTube naturally puts you at the top. And with Vid IQ, you can do all of this in minutes, making the entire process effortless. Click the link in the description to sign up for Vid IQ and start ranking your next video. I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [12 likes]: Rank #1 with VidIQ 👉 https://vidiq.com/youri
  2. @gamer2-t6d [8 likes]: You need to fail multiple times to achieve success 🔥
  3. @AuroraReport [2 likes]: Being a creator myself, I truly understand the effort behind simplifying complex things. This video is gold for anyone struggling to find the right path in their YouTube journey. The way you shared the strategy is both logical and inspiring. Thank you for being a mentor to us all. Keep shining!
  4. @Samthehogtakeover [2 likes]: More keyword vids brother! I appreciate you
  5. @Chrissavv [1 likes]: Thanks for the inspiration man, this thumbnail part was awesome ❤
  6. @SuccessTelugu [1 likes]: Awesome
  7. @nasirghaffar4408 [1 likes]: Subscribed! 

It was helpful :)
  8. @salimreza8683 [1 likes]: Great this video.
  9. @IlindaeeLopezt: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  10. @VanToiVu-b4j: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  11. @NahidUddin-f4n: Bro Love From Bangladesh
  12. @BrownGirlstorie: I was looking for this kinda tutorials…. Thanks so much 😊
  13. @gsmfrpbay: Brother well done ✅. Actually your a pro in this YouTube 😊
  14. @silverstoric3450: great video thanks
  15. @SmartSummaries-k7q: Thanks for that .
  16. @RandyReynolds-g7t: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  17. @WolfgangAlbert-wi7ji: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  18. @AsaniAsi: Amazing information
  19. @Lionel_ronaldo25: Thank you for this information ❤
  20. @PeterMaina-i1w: I love your videos so much

- Expert compares Mbappe Haaland sprinting mechanics and key differences: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome it’s Raj from 3CB. Kylian Mbappe and Erling Haaland are two incredible, generational talents who showcased their elite sprinting ability during each’s respective Champions League first leg match this past week. Mbappe has reportedly sprinted as fast 38 kph (roughly 23.6mph) while Haaland has topped out at 36 kph (roughly 22.3 mph). I did a side-by-side comparison to compare and contrast their mechanics in the acceleration and high speed phases of the sprint. Coming out of the blocks, both Erling and Kylian display a similar sprinter’s starting stance with the body leaning forwards, driving the hip upwards and extending the other leg to explode forward, and using a prominent contralateral arm swing. One key difference here is that Erling tends rounds his upper back and dip his head downwards whereas Kylian’s neck and head is more aligned with the rest of his body. This difference may be an adaptation to account for Haaland’s height and maintain a lower, forward center of gravity whereas Kylian doesn’t need to. That difference is much more pronounced here. As both players get to higher speed, the players exhibit similar upright torsos and long strides with less pronounced hip flexion. Haaland’s arm swing tends to be a little more pronounced and across his body but the key, key difference between the two is the back leg - Mbappe really gets that back leg into extension at the hip and knee whereas Haaland doesn’t. This may be a key mechanical reason for the difference in speed. Lastly - both players exhibit a similar oval shape with their feet and the heels turning up high along with fast ground contact times (generally this ranges from .07 to .1 seconds for elite sprinters) For the most part, both exhibit similar sprinting mechanics with Haaland’s a bit more outside the norm, potentially due to his size. However, still extremely effective and that’s the beauty of the mind, body, and movement - it can adapt and optimize to each person’s nuances and characteristics.

  Top Comments:
  1. @3cbperformance [3 likes]: If you appreciate the videos, depth, & narrative-free analysis, please take a second to thumbs up, sub, & share. It helps with the YouTube algorithm. I appreciate your time watching and feel free to hit me with questions and/or comments.
  2. @alexthardy8642 [3 likes]: Nice Analysis, Can you also analyze Lionel Messi's acceleration?
  3. @thenorseprodigy7466 [3 likes]: Can you make sprinting ability video of Adama Traore Or Gareth Bale?
  4. @MuhammadUmar-dq3jf [2 likes]: Thank you for all the wonderful videos can we get one on how to be a great football player
  5. @xcixneptune99 [2 likes]: Analysis is spot on👏🏿👏🏿.Nice video mate
  6. @The.Clipnation [1 likes]: How tall was mbappe at 15
  7. @anwarchundayil5673 [1 likes]: Nice video bro
  8. @Balo657 [1 likes]: So if Haaland fixes some of his running form, he could be even faster?
  9. @Manichouseai: According to other research, these guys are reaching instead of striking the ground, which puts more stress on the hamstrings and is an inefficient way of sprinting, but then again mapppe can sprint 37kmh. Who are you supposed to believe. It’s possibly subjective.
  10. @Cellody-i8r: Good point👍👍
  11. @nasariv.k7177: I will never subscribe ur channel until you do cristiano ronaldo freekick goal vs spain

- Clickbait is Unreasonably Effective: Kind: captions Language: en - Can I tell you something I'm bad at? I am terrible at making clickbait. Up until two years ago, my most popular video was about a basketball being dropped from a dam with a bit of backspin. It takes off like a rocket and shoots out way further than you'd expect. This video was embedded on literally hundreds of news websites. And in its first week, it got 16.3 million views, but almost none of those views came on the YouTube platform. Why? Because I gave it this thumbnail and I called it "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect." This video is sponsored by KiwiCo. More about them at the end of the show. Now, I believe within YouTube, I'm used as an example of how not to package your video. As if to demonstrate just how bad a title and thumbnail this is, someone else re-uploaded the video with the clever title, "Basketball Dropped From Dam." And within a few weeks, that video had received tens of millions of views on YouTube. This is when YouTube gave me access to ContentID. That's the system that allows you to earn revenue when someone else re-uploads your videos, which was good, but I still wasn't very good at clickbait. So for this video, I called in an expert. I wanted to see your reaction face. Can you give me like a reaction face? Like what's a good thumbnail face? - Oh, I got you. This is a thumbnail face. (Derek laughs) I have like 10, I go through the motions of like... And then we just take the best one, I probably have like 500 of these just saved and we can just Photoshop my face on my face. That way, I don't have to do it anymore. - When I started on this platform, some 10 years ago, clickbait was less important. Subscribers were what mattered, because most of the views came from the sub feed. And videos went viral usually by getting a lot of attention elsewhere, like on Reddit or Facebook, not due to the YouTube algorithm. But once you had a big video and people subscribed, well, then your next video would likely get a lot of views from those subscribers. So YouTube would take that popular video and share it with more people. And so you'd get more subscribers in a positive feedback loop. But soon, YouTube realized that this did not create the best experience for the viewer. They discovered that showing people only videos from channels they were subscribed to led to fewer clicks, less watch time and less engagement with the site as a whole. Plus, they knew that relying on other platforms to drive traffic to viral hits was risky, since those other platforms might disable the traffic at any time. So they needed to make YouTube a destination in itself. They wanted people to come to YouTube, see videos that interested them, click on at least one of them and watch it for a while. Ideally get sucked down the YouTube rabbit hole and spend hours on the site without even noticing it. The ultimate resource is people's time and attention, and every platform is trying to capture as much of it as possible. So, to make YouTube this go-to destination, they had decrease the importance of subscribers, make it less like a podcast app where you only get the shows you're subscribed to, and more like Reddit, where stuff with the most engagement rises to the top. But that necessarily meant increasing the importance of clickbait. Now, there seems to be a paradox when it comes to clickbait. People almost universally claim to hate it, but you also see it everywhere. So why is this? Well, one of the problems is we don't all agree on the definition of clickbait. When I google it, the top definition is, on the internet, content whose main purpose is to attract attention and encourage visitors to click on a link to a particular webpage. We could call this type I clickbait, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it. I mean, if you didn't try to attract attention and get people to click on your links, then you wouldn't really be doing your job. But there is a second definition. One that I think more people ascribe to, which is something such as a headline designed to make readers want to click on a hyperlink, especially when the link leads to content of dubious value or interest. Wikipedia says, "A defining characteristic of clickbait is that it is sensationalized or misleading." And it also talks about teasers that intentionally withhold information to exploit the "curiosity gap." They give you enough information to make you curious, but not enough to satisfy that curiosity. Here are two actual titles from a news website. Nine out of 10 Americans are completely wrong about this mind blowing fact. And someone gave some kids some scissors. Here's what happened next. I think we can all agree that these are examples of bad type II clickbait. Now, imagine a clickbait space where on one axis, you have how misleading or sensationalized it is. And on the other, how much information is intentionally withheld to create a curiosity gap. Well, then these two titles fall in the top right corner. And these are the zones of type II clickbait. At the other extreme, you have things that are so unsensationalized as to be dull. You could call this the dead zone. Now, here is where you would find "Strange applications of the Magnus Effect." I mean, I didn't tell you what the applications were. Now, in the middle is where you would find type I clickbait. But honestly, I think type I and type II clickbait are so different, that we shouldn't even use the same word for them. Instead of type I clickbait, my friend and YouTuber, Brady Heron suggested legitbait. I mean, it might sound enticing, but it is legit. Instead of type II clickbait, we could use clicktrap, clicktrick, linktrap or dupechute. What's important to recognize is that for any given video, there is no one true title and thumbnail. Each video could have hundreds or thousands of different legitbait titles. For example, how does a zero-G plane work? I went on a plane that does parabolic trajectories. What happens to fire on a zero-G plane? Now, the most enticing titles and thumbnails are found close to type II clickbait. I'm reminded of the infographic by smarter every day, showing that on social media, the greatest engagement occurs close to the boundary of what's allowable. But remember that everyone's definition of clickbait is different, and everyone's perceptions of words and images are different. So these are not clear boundaries. They're actually kind of fuzzy. What for one person might be legitbait, for someone else, could be a clicktrap. What's clear is that on a site where click-through rate is important, clickbait of all types is inevitable. How important to a video's success is the title and thumbnail? - Very important. Of course. If they don't click on the video, they don't watch it. You can't get 10 million views unless 10 million people click on the video. So, I mean, it's literally that simple. They don't click on it, - So, why is clickbait everywhere? Well, because it works. More enticing thumbnails get more clicks. Despite some people's claims that they won't click or they'll unsub, it's just like evolution. Whatever survives, multiplies and traits become amplified. If you don't begrudge the giraffe its long neck so it can reach the highest leaves, can you begrudge a YouTuber the red arrow that allows them to reach further audiences? I talked about this in my video two years ago. To be successful as a YouTuber, you need to optimize two things, watch time and the click-through rate of your videos. That's the number of times the title and thumbnail are clicked, divided by the total number of times they're shown. That's the number of impressions. Now at the time, this was something of a revelation for me because I always thought my job was to make great videos. And then a title and thumbnail that adequately represented what the video was about. But now I've realized that making the title and thumbnail is at least half the job. This is not just because better titles and thumbnails get you more clicks, but because better titles and thumbnails will get you way more impressions. YouTube has limited real estate with which to show you virtually infinite content. And so it's not enough to make a good video even if people watch all of it, you also have to make a title and thumbnail that gets clicked, especially in competition with other really good titles and thumbnails. That's the only way you can expect YouTube to give you more impressions. Now, the big development since my last video on this is YouTube introduced real-time metrics like views, impressions and click-through rate. Now, I suggested this would create an arms race. So what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate. And this is basically what has happened. Let me give you my favorite example. Last year, I made a video about asteroids, which I thought was really good. I called it "Asteroids: Earth's Biggest Threat," which is something Stephen Hawking said. And people were very positive about the video. They thought it was maybe one of my best, but the performance was well below average. In its first day, asteroids was ranked ninth out of my previous 10 videos. It was probably on target for about one and a half million views. So I tried different titles and thumbnails like, "Asteroid Impact: What Are Our Chances?" Or "Asteroid Impact: What Could We Do?" But none of these changes got much traction. And then on day three after launch, I changed the title and thumbnail to "These Are the Asteroids to Worry About." And immediately the video started doing better. It quickly shot up from almost my worst performing video to my best. It now has 14 million views. Nothing about the video changed, just that one image and 38 characters. But because of that, the video has reached nearly 10 times as many people as it otherwise would have. And the title and thumbnail accurately describe what the video is about. I mean, sure, there's a curiosity gap, but you couldn't explain the whole concept in the length of the title. So if you see a YouTuber changing titles and thumbnails, this is why. Because that effort can be rewarded many times over. I've seen people objecting to this practice because they think the creator is trying to dupe their audience, get them to click on the same video more than once, but that's not it. The whole point is to get YouTube to show the title and thumbnail to more people. We're trying to increase the number of impressions, which is heavily dependent on the click-through rate. Now, a lot of my recent videos have this typical view curve. There's an initial spike after I release the video and then a dip, and then a second bump after I have figured out a better title and thumbnail. I change the title and thumbnail and I watch the real time view graph. What I'm looking for is a noticeable bump in views. Sometimes there's no change, sometimes it gets worse, but on occasions, when you see something like this, well then, you know you've found a winner. This is something all the big YouTubers are doing. Not even Mr. Beast knows exactly which thumbnail will work best beforehand. Have you ever changed and then the video did better? - Oh, of course. So everybody, I usually make like two or three thumbnails, and then if it's not doing as well as I want, we usually just swap 'em out and see if it does better. 'cause the thing is like, you don't really know. I mean, you could know if you just were an almighty being that could just predict what people would be interested in, but you know, usually... Like, you can do hide and seek. You don't really know if like you hiding in a tree and then someone walking below you is a good thumbnail. Or if you hiding a trash can and them walking in front of you. So, you know, just do both and then see which one interests people a little bit more. - I feel the same way, but I do feel like you have a better sense of this than like most people. - Of course. I mean, no one gets 40 million views a video. (both laughing) - But what is the point in getting more views? If you're cynical, you might say it's all about money and fame. And while there are certainly financial incentives to getting more views, that's not why I do it. As an educational YouTuber, I think there are two very good reasons for using excellent type I clickbait over more straightforward packaging. To understand the first reason, let's consider two different possible titles for my most recent video. I called it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," but it's a video about the Collatz conjecture. So perhaps a more straightforward title would have been simply to call it that. The problem is, if I publish a video called the Collatz conjecture, the most likely people to click on it are those who already know what the Collatz conjecture is. And the vast majority of people will never have heard of it. So for them, the title is meaningless and only the very curious or those who really like Veritasium would click. In contrast, calling it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," conveys more information about the video to everyone. And this means more people can click on it, most of whom will never have heard of the Collatz conjecture. So I get to teach them something new. And since the video has a higher click-through rate, YouTube shows it to even more people. So if my aim is to increase the level of knowledge in the world by the maximum amount possible, this is the way to do it. The second reason we need to optimize titles and thumbnails is to support the major goal of this channel. We are trying to make the best science films on every topic we tackle. That means traveling to meet experts in film experiments, hiring people to build props, make spectacular animations, research and fact check. We hire expert consultants to double and triple check our work. I don't wanna make vlogs. I wanna make science documentaries on YouTube that put broadcast to shame. And to make this possible and sustainable, the videos have to get views and lots of them. And to do that, we have to make the best titles and thumbnails we can. YouTuber and Patreon CEO, Jack Conte has talked about adjusting your packaging. The idea is know what you're passionate about, what you won't compromise on and that stuff goes in the box. All the rest, like what paper it's wrapped in, that's the packaging. So the video is my focus and the title and thumbnail are the packaging that I'm happy to adjust, so I can make the type of videos that are important to me. Now, is it ironic that a channel whose whole purpose is to promote a true seeking mindset has to experiment at the edge of what is truthful in order to fulfill that purpose? It is something that I often worry about. You know, when I did like risking my life to do X, it's like, well, what probability of death does there have to be for you to risk your life? Like 50%? - I love how he always overthinks things. (laughs) That's funny. He's like, is my life risked enough where I can put I risked my life? I only had a 9% chance of dying and I need at least a 13% chance. You're so funny. He was the same way two years ago when he asked me all this stuff. I was like, "Dude, just do whatever makes the most sense. - Yeah, I mean, obviously I feel like my instincts are not good. But what I realized is that I don't have to trust my instincts. This problem of getting the best title and thumbnail, well, it's a scientific problem. We're just asking which accurate representation of the video will get the most clicks from a general audience. And that's a problem we can use the scientific method to solve. So I've hired a couple of really bright people and we spend a lot of time brainstorming and making titles and thumbnails and testing them out. For example, on Twitter and Patreon. Varitasium titles and thumbnails have gotten better, not because I'm better at it, but because of my team and our testing. If you have ideas about how we could do it better, please get in touch. The results have often contradicted what I expected. I mean, this video seemed to perform 10% better when we excluded the word surprising from the title. So it became simply The Secret of Synchronization. I thought these two titles were basically a toss up, but Patreon had a strong preference for one over the other. What's interesting about this research is that the more clickable often better represent the content of the video. Let me give you some examples. One thing I didn't expect when YouTube brought in the real time analytics tools and allowed title and thumbnail changes to affect impressions, was that it would also work for older videos. So here is an old video that I originally entitled, "Why the Neutron is the Hero of Nuclear Physics." In hindsight, it's a weird, kinda meaningless title. So I changed it to, "Why Einstein Thought Nuclear Weapons Impossible." It's clearer, more accurate. And this is what happened to views after the change. I changed "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect" to "Backspin Basketball Flies Off Dam." Again, more accurate. And the video is now being watched on YouTube. Probably 10 million more views than it otherwise would have had. Even anti-clickbait has proven effective. Here's a video I originally titled, "Are Negative Ions Good For You?" Which is a question nobody asked ever. Now, I changed it to, "Do Salt Lamps Work?" Seriously. And here's the result: One and a half million more views. I think looking at these examples, you could easily make the case that YouTube has made me better at what I do. It has improved the clarity and accuracy of my titles and thumbnails. It's helped me figure out what is interesting to my audience and how to encapsulate that in a single image and fewer than 50 characters. For those of you who worry that a focus on titles and thumbnails will prevent me from picking challenging science topics, well, I simply ask you to look at the videos from the last year or two, like the ones on Gödel's incompleteness theorem, general relativity, Penrose tilings, the logistic map, Newton's method of calculating Pi, the one way speed of light. Good titles and thumbnails make it possible to tackle these topics and to reach more people who have heard of them before. There is a symbiotic relationship between views and video quality. The more views we get, the more people, locations, props and equipment and research we can invest in. This makes the next video better than the last. If we can be good at titles and thumbnails, the ultimate outcome is better videos. That is something I think you and I both want. Hey, this video is sponsored by KiwiCo, a long time supporter of the channel. Now KiwiCo makes awesome hands on projects for kids, including big kids like me. They have eight subscription lines targeted at different age groups, all the way down to newborns. What I love about KiwiCo crates is that they make learning fun and something to look forward to. I mean, when I pull out a crate, my kids just jump at the chance to make it with me. And all the materials you need come right in the box. So there's no need to run to the store. You just open it up and go. My kids and I just built this domino machine, which, who knows, might be inspiration for a viral video. Now, the big idea is that while playing and having fun, kids learn about STEAM concepts. That is science, technology, engineering, art and math. And in addition to the project, there's a magazine with a lot of additional information. So I think this is the best way to learn. By doing something yourself and having fun, it's how education should be. So if you wanna try it out, go to Kiwico.com/veritasium50, and you'll get 50% off your first month of any crate. I will put that link down in the description. So I wanna thank KiwiCo for sponsoring Veritasium, and I wanna thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @YahwehSonandHolySpiritLovesYou [2 likes]: makes a lot of sense given that all of your videos are Clickbait recently because of your private equity thing
  2. @Mixa_Lv [2 likes]: I didn't remember you making this video, but coming back to it from the current date, I feel like you have now crossed the line between type 1 and type 2 clickbait, and not by a small margin.

I recently started to use a video title replacer, mainly because of you and a few other channels. I like your content, but I've grown increasingly annoyed by the aggressive AB-testing for your titles and thumbnails. Often they are wildly different from each other, so much so that when I come across one later, I have to seriously wonder if I have seen that video already. When I can't even recognize if it's talking about the same topic, they can't be that descriptive at all.

It will also be a pain in the ass to search for videos in the future. Someone can be like "Hmm, I remember that Veritasium did a good video about the Goldbach conjecture, I should watch that again", but they have to search for a video called "The Obviously True Theorem No One Can Prove". Or the history of Alfred Nobel, aka "The Man Who Fooled The World".
  3. @BiG_Brain13 [1 likes]: yeah, like your content.
  4. @AudioPhile [1 likes]: Yeah, it gets an unlike and a don't recommend from me. Apparently it's sustainable though.

Can't even report bots for being bots. And if you have free YT the ads now have a pop up after the ad fir the ad 😂😂 Like I'm going to click it. All it does is piss the userbase off.
  5. @AsapBiology [1 likes]: 2026?
  6. @5UND3R [1 likes]: It feels odd to be giving YouTube's predatory algorithm so much benefit for being pro user and artist. It's pro YouTube shareholders first and foremost, and everyone feels that. Their algo demanding you maximize the CRO of your thumbnail to get the most clicks isnt a result of a highly effective algo, its the sign of a lacking algo thats sole goal is maximizing output internally at the maximum amount of pain for users. It's all very interesting, but I think the tone could be different.
  7. @2kab157 [1 likes]: YouTube algorithm strikes again with an old BANGER🔥
  8. @senu903 [1 likes]: Can you suggest me some other utube channels that give your vibe and educational content
  9. @dustbustr91: this only matters if you think youtube is a real job….
  10. @exigentpost2023: Thank you for your indepth analysis with your ladder on thumbnails
  11. @TFP_The_Formula_Perspectives: Terrible at clickbait????
Sounds like Ronald says he's not a good footballer
  12. @JoacoruMc: 2:23, asshole hahaha
  13. @Dotter-Family: Gotta appreciate Veritasium helping out small creators like that.
  14. @CarangasBrasileiras: amazing
  15. @CoyoteMan717: 2:49 Well, a black hole bends space time in it’s proximity so your baseline time (or non accelerating) will be longer making you appear younger to everyone on earth, so more time passes by when you’re not on YouTube then when you are, therefore I have a theory that entertainment bends space time and that’s why “time flies when you’re having fun”
  16. @vanhove14: ❤
  17. @Ake_UEFN: 👏
  18. @D0DW3LL: thought this was a recent vid. 4 years ago?? how fitting
  19. @senu903: Why are u on a ladder
  20. @jordanalia4595: Ofc it is.
Rhats why people hate it

- How algorithms shape what you see on social media: Kind: captions Language: en BUT VERY FEW OF US UNDERSTAND HOW PRECISE AND HOW POWERFUL THESE ALGORITHMS CAN BE. FROM PUPPIES TO NEW DANCES TO MEMES, AMERICANS AVERAGE MORE THAN TWO HOURS A DAY SCROLLING CONTENT. FED TO US THROUGH ALGORITHMS BASED ON OUR SPECIFIC INTERESTS AND PAST ONLINE ACTIVITY. BUT A GROWING CHORUS OF CRITICS WARNS THAT ALGORITHMS CAN LEAD US TO DISTURBING PLACES AND INTO MAKING BAD CHOICES. >> THESE ALGORITHMS, THEY ARE THE DIGITAL EQUIVALENT OF AR-15s. >> Reporter: SOME PUBLIC FIGURES ARE DEMANDING REGULATION. >> THEY OUGHT TO BE BANNED. IT'S AN ABUSE OF THE PUBLIC FORUM. >> Reporter: THIS TIKTOK USER HIGHLIGHTING SOME OF THAT FASCINATION. >> I DON'T ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT THIS CONTENT. THEN WHY WERE YOU POKING AROUND IN THE COMMENT SECTION? >> A GROCERY STORE LIKE THIS ONE ONLY KNOWS WHAT YOU'RE INTERESTED ONCE YOU'VE BOUGHT SOMETHING, BUT A SOCIAL MEDIA COMPANY KNOWS EVERY TIME YOU PAUSE, EVEN FOR A MOMENT, TO LOOK AT ANYTHING. AND IT CONSTANTLY RE-ORGANIZES THE STORE TO BE MORE ATTRACTIVE TO YOU. AND THAT'S WHY ALGORITHMS EARN COMPANIES BILLIONS EACH YEAR. BUT THEY CAN ALSO LEAD US ASTRAY. IN JUST THREE CLICKS, I CAN GO FROM DATE NIGHT IDEAS TO MIND CONTROL SEDUCTION. CHINA HAS CENSORED SOCIAL MEDIA FOR YEARS, AND THE EU RECENTLY PASSED YEARS GUARANTEEING PEOPLE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF ALGORITHMS. BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE HERE HAVE TAKEN UP THE QUESTION OF REGULATION, BUT NO NEW LARGES HAVE EMERGED. WHY IS THE U.S. SO FAR BEHIND? >> IT JUST BECOMES A DEFINITION ISSUE, SO WHAT PEOPLE SAY, OH, WE DISAGREE ON THE SPECIFICS, THE REGULATION, WE DON'T WANT IT TO BE OVERBROAD, BUT IN REALITY, PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF CROSSING POWERFUL INTEREST GROUPS, BUSINESS GROUPS, TECHNOLOGY LOBBYISTS. >> THAT LEAVES US TO FIGURE IT OUT OURSELVES. NOW, YOU CAN LIMIT YOUR EXPOSURE BY TURNING OFF THE ALGORITHM ON FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM. ON YOUTUBE, YOU CAN TURN OFF AUTO PLAY AND SIGN OUT, WHICH LIMITS ITS ABILITY TO TRACK YOU. AND TIKTOK, WELL, YOU CAN RESET THE ALGORITHM IF YOU DON'T LIKE WHAT IT FEEDS YOU. >> I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO RECOGNIZE THAT, YES, WE HAVE SOME AGENCY, BUT ALSO THAT THESE SYSTEMS ARE CONSTANTLY MAKING DECISIONS. >> Reporter: UNTIL SOME NATIONAL STANDARDS EMERGE, IT IS YOU AGAINST THE ALGORITHM. >> NOW, THE THING TO UNDERSTAND, YOU GUYS, IS THAT THIS IS FUNDAMENTALLY, A BUSINESS, AND IT'S A BUSINESS OF ATTENTION. THE MORE THAT YOU LINGER, EVEN FOR A MOMENT, ON SOMETHING EMOTIONALLY HEIGHTENED OR OFFENSIVE, THE MORE YOU'LL GET THAT EMOTIONAL AND OFFENSIVE IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THAT AND TRY TO PULL BACK FROM IT WHERE YOU CAN. WE HAVE SOME CONTROL HERE, BUT IT REALLY HAS EVERYTHING TO DO ABOUT HOW YOU ADVERTISE YOURSELF, SHOW YOURSELF. >> THAT IS SO FASCINATING TO ME. IT FOLLOWS YOUR THOUGHTS. YOU CAN'T LIE TO IT, BECAUSE IT SEES WHERE YOU LINGER. WHERE IS THIS ALL GOING? TALK ABOUT 2024 AND BEYOND. >> YOU SAY, FOLLOW YOUR THOUGHTS. THAT SOUNDS LIKE A LOT, BUT IT IS REALLY WHERE IT'S GOING. BACK IN 2015, MARK ZUCKERBERG FAMOUSLY TALKED ABOUT WANTING TO FIGURE OUT THE MATH OF HUMANS AND THEIR RELATIONSHIPS. AND THAT IS WHAT EVERYBODY IS TRYING TO DO. AND NOW, AS WE'RE GETTING INTO THESE PROCESSORS THAT ARE PUT UP RIGHT AGAINST YOUR SKIN IN SOMETHING LIKE A WATCH OR META HAS THESE RAY-BAN SUNGLASSES THEY'RE TRYING TO GET, APPLE IS WORKING ON THIS VISION PRO HEADSET. THAT'S GETTING UP CLOSE TO JUNIORYOUR SKIN, THEY'RE MONITORING WHERE YOUR EYES ARE GOING, YOUR HEART RATHE, THE ANALYSIS WILL ON THE GET DEEPER AND DEEPER. >> ONE OF THE THINGS I FIND MOST TROUBLING ABOUT IT IS, IN MANY COUNTRIES, YOU CAN OPT OUT OF THIS STUFF. >> YES, BECAUSE IN THE UNITED STATES, WE'VE TALKED IN THE PAST VERY MUCH ABOUT HOW WE SHOULD NOT REGULATE THIS, BECAUSE CHINA WILL GET IN FRONT OF US. CHINA IS ACTUALLY REGULATING THE HECK OUT OF THIS RIGHT NOW. YOU KNOW, IN THE EU, YOU CAN SAY, OPT ME OUT OF YOUR HERE IN THE UNITED STATES, IT'S

  Top Comments:
  1. @ManChan-w5p [18 likes]: Algorithms lead me to this story.
  2. @EntropicDismay [9 likes]: 1:56 I’ve attempted to turn off auto-play a dozen times, but it keeps automatically turning back on after a few days.

Also, it’s impossible to get rid of Shorts.
  3. @staceyshere [4 likes]: America’s a business. Regulating social media and the algorithms interferes with the business and that’s why we’re behind 💁🏾‍♀️
  4. @JanetMarcum-o7r [2 likes]: You can control your algorithm. I do. I slip sometimes. Maybe once a month or less. TV taught me to pick carefully what I watch. Sometimes I go to the comment section to check out the community. If they’re not my people, I move on. It can take a little while to get your algorithm back on track.
  5. @irememberla6460 [2 likes]: Big brother is watching
  6. @af31ns [2 likes]: If YouTube makes recommendations that I'm interested in, I'll check the videos out, but if I'm not liking the content or recommendations, I'll look for content on my favorite subscribed channels.  After that, I'll move on to other forms of media pretty quickly if the recommendations are not serving my interests.  There's no way I'm going down a rabbit hole in just 3 clicks.
  7. @jetovercast [1 likes]: Dude just put the phone down and breathe in air it’s not that serious 😂. Or just create different emails and organize them by interest you will only see what you search on that specific email and web browser
  8. @berbudy [1 likes]: 1:09 idk but this is comedy
  9. @doublebanana-de3dt [1 likes]: Excellent explainer!
  10. @richoneplanet7561 [1 likes]: 2:24 it really seems that way - it's kind of weird 😕
  11. @myrnamargate1871: 🇺🇸Want Freedom Online!!!BAN!!!🇺🇸
  12. @gabrielachilles: One of myy college professors led me here.
  13. @TheaverageQueerpersons: Hopefully it was what we looked for. Edit: it's not it
  14. @TheaverageQueerpersons: It's not about our specific interests. It's about messing with our specific interests, twisting them, leading to something that erodes our own individuality
  15. @NatureLady2018: Bravo! Time is the most valuable resource for sure. Thank You!
  16. @jarcohen123: I’m getting ton of scary video on YouTube shorts and other video cause I watched a few of those type of content just dandy

- Give me 180 secs and CODING will be your addiction.: Kind: captions Language: en Look, everyone says just love coding, but how do you actually get there? Especially when you're stuck debugging for three hours just to find a missing semicolon. And it's not about forcing yourself. It's about hacking your brain. So, let me hack the brain for you. Step one, fuel your curiosity. Treat coding like a puzzle, not a chore. Think about it. Why do people binge Netflix or play video games for hours? Dopamine. Your brain craves rewards. So, trick it. Start small. Like, can I build a script that sends my friend 100 memes at 2 a.m.? Please don't. But you get the idea. Make it fun. Pick a project you care about. Building a portfolio site looks boring. But building a site that autoplays your victory theme song when someone visits. Genius. Use APIs mess with CSS animations break stuff. Curiosity is contagious. Step two, build a coding ritual. Here's the secret. Obsession is just consistency in a fancy code. Code at the same time every day, even 20 minutes. Your brain will start craving it like that morning coffee. Use the Pomodoro technique. 25 minutes coding, five minutes break. Tools like toggle track or forest app. Gify this. And if you miss a day, no guilt. Just code twice as long tomorrow. Or don't. We're chill here. Try to code in public, not like in a park. Share your progress on Twitter, GitHub, or Discord. Accountability works. Plus, flexing your hello world script is a right of passage. Step three, learn like a hacker. Learn strategically. Don't just watch tutorials. Break things. Open source projects are your playground. Clone a repo. Break it. Fix it. Repeat. Focus on weaknesses. Suck at algorithms. Grind leak code. Hate CSS. Build 10 ugly buttons then make them fabulous. Also use Anki for coding concepts. I once cried over a recursive function. Now we're besties. Yes, I know growth is weird. Step four, find your coding tribe. Ever heard of rubber duck debugging? Explain your code to a duck. But better yet, explain it to a person. Join communities like dev.2. two hash node or local meetups. Devs are like cats. We pretend we don't need people, but deep down we crave someone to understand why our turnary operator didn't work. Collaborate on projects, teach others. Nothing fuels obsession like realizing, "Wait, I actually know things." Step five, master the art of lazy efficiency. Here's the truth. Obsessed coders aren't just hardcore, they're lazy. And by lazy, I mean efficient. Why type 100 lines when a loop can do it? Why manually test code when you can automate it? Work smarter, code harder, use scripts for repetitive tasks, bash, Python, even GitHub actions. Let robots do the boring work. I automated my deployments last month. Now I hit one button and my code deploys while I eat chips. You call it laziness? Nah, genius. Step six, save this video. When you're stuck, come back and I'll personally yell at you to keep

  Top Comments:
  1. @technetiumm [216 likes]: Guys if you want to become a Fullstack Developer, must checkout Scrimba's "Fullstack Developer Path" :

https://scrimba.com/fullstack-path-c0fullstack?via=technetiumm

And For Back-End Developement: https://scrimba.com/the-backend-developer-path-c0tbi0l98f?via=technetiumm

(GET 20% OFF through my link)
  2. @phalt1 [1 likes]: Five. Hundred. Repositories.
  3. @evade_god995 [1 likes]: Bro
Today i made 
Lookat bot 
Myself in 
Minecraft 
Using mineflayer 
In js
It took me while day atleast i made it
  4. @RT-bt5ql: I was a teen around mid 2000s and slways like get,in elephant man
  5. @MushfiqImrankhan: I gave you 170-171 seconds of time..
  6. @creepypastor007: i spent 4h debugging yesterday. pain
  7. @rohanpant2863: commenting to come back to a personalized yelling within a month. Thanks !!
  8. @cruzeirobh889: Dang this is good advice
  9. @prophecyz2148: Is it me or does he sound like fireship
  10. @djGadde: bro  i would rather not
  11. @EpikGamer999: Actually the video is 170 seconds
  12. @omquark2895: Bah, 3 hours debugging. That time I learned how to use reflection and created a bug it took me 2 days to track. That was fun.
  13. @ciiinno: I'm a life long artist and coding is my nightmare. Picked up Godot so many times, it's frustrating.
  14. @NoahsArk999: How does someone actually teach this to themselves? Is there a place online where i can get a full tutorial to learn or is it just sifting through endless knowledge on whatever site i can click? 
I cant afford school and quite frankly dont want to learn that way, but have absolutely no clue where to start
  15. @JesuswillReturn-l4w: But God showed his great love for us by sending Christ to die for us while we were still sinners.
God the Father sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to die 
for the sins of humanity, was buried, and rose again on the third day to conquer death
The Problem: All people have sinned and are separated from a holy God.
The Solution: Jesus, being fully God and fully man, lived a sinless life and died as the perfect sacrifice for our sins.
The Victory: Jesus rose from the dead, defeating death and sin.
The Response: Salvation is received through repentance (turning from sin) and faith in Jesus alone, not by human effort. 
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life" (John 3:16).
  16. @noli-d6m: "just get used to it!" either im just dumb, or its not working AT ALL. tried to script for a month, gave myself a week more, but this still sucks. thanks dude, you just fueled my doubting.
  17. @rt5ehuhuyhygy56: I know the video's old but how do I get rid of it??? I love figuring the logic of my code out when there's a problem and I spend so long on it I forget to do homework or clean 😭
  18. @thatevailguy2315: AI slop?
  19. @HeyMr.OO7: Heyy heyy Eyy 🥂
  20. @wut827: AI script sucks

- 3 Coding Techniques To God-Tier Developer: Kind: captions Language: en let me ask you a question can you tell me what's wrong with this function or how about we approach this from a different angle how would we handle writing tests for this function it wouldn't be as simple as writing a unit test and asserting some expected output and that's both because the behavior of the validator and the formatter can change indirectly changing the behavior of the function and because the function is making use of an external dependency which means that if we don't have a DB connection at the time of running the test we'd hit a null pointer exception so as you can see this function is tightly coupled with things outside of itself and that is what's wrong with this function but what if we were able to remove the tight coupling What If instead of instantiating the validator and formatter inside of the function itself we just pass them in as parameters and what if instead of just using the global database dependency within the function we pass that in as a parameter as well well there's a word for that injection and the active injecting those dependencies in this case by way of the function's parameters is called dependency injection the result the immediate decoupling of this function and its dependencies and now that these dependencies can be passed in as parameters we now have more flexibility with the way that we configure what we pass in for example now that the use of a specific Constructor isn't hardcoded into our function we can pass in a formatter configured with whatever delimiter we'd [Music] like likewise we can pass in a database implementation whose fetch data function accepts that specific format as a result our function has now also become more reusable as long as our p in dependencies conform to the interface the objects that we pass in can vary we've also put ourself in a better position to test this function since we can now Mock dependencies and test the functions behavior and isolation from them so there you have it dependency injection section the first of three coding techniques moving on to exhibit B this function formats a name using a delimiter defined in its parent scope it then saves the formatted name to a database if the delimiter defined in the parent scope changes the behavior of this function will change indirectly this means that we can't depend on the output of this function being deterministic this means that this function is non-deterministic which can lead to some very unpredictable and annoying Behavior to make this function deterministic we use injection and pass in the delimiter dependency via the function's parameters now we can be sure that given a particular input this function will always produce the same output but that's not the only problem with this function this function both formats the name and saves the formatted name this part of the code here where we save the formatted name is called a side effect in order to make this function pure we'll remove the side effect and handle it in its own function so what we just did there where we made sure our function was deterministic and removed the side effects is the second technique that being write pure functions now the third technique we've already started we were removing this side effect of inserting the formatted name into the DB right in in order to do that we need to separate this function into two functions each addressing a single concern that is formatting the name and inserting the format it name are both their own individual concerns calling for their own functions and this is the third and final technique separate concerns and there you have it three coding techniques if this video was helpful don't forget to leave a like And subscribe for more content like this and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @malmiteria [3 likes]: 5:00 no offense but creating a function called saveFormatted that has the only responsibility to call ... saveFormatted... huh?!

such a junior mistake. You already have a function that does the job, call it, that's it. No need for an extra function that exclusively calls the function you wanted in the first place.

Same for splitting formatAndSaveName
It only makes sense because you completely ignored the "call" side of those function, and unquestioningly consider any side effects to be bad.
Everywhere you called that function, you now have to call both format and save, which both makes it a huge source of bugs, by making it easy to forget one of them, and completely misses the point of API abstractions.

Not only that, but the fact is, you'd have to call them both everytime or so, making the idea of separation of concerns really not apply here.
Formatting and saving are really really really related concerns, not separate, when your task is to format and save.
  2. @Nellak2011 [2 likes]: @Kantan Coding

Lovely video, I think the three patterns you chose are indisputably good.  Unfortunately, it seems most of the comments are ignorant and don't know what they are talking about. 
Keep up the good work and  great animations!
  3. @y3t_ [1 likes]: i was watching this during commute and the background music made me cry in the bus
  4. @draakisback [1 likes]: While these ideas are fine in the abstract, they can truly get out of hand in real world examples. I can't tell you how many code bases I've worked on that tried to follow the solid or clean code principles only to end up so far in the abstract that they kind of lose the entire point and become way too complected.  My rule of thumb is to just try to make my business logic as pure as possible but only within reason.  If I find that the code is ballooning because of some abstraction that I've added, then usually it's not worth the pain.  You also have to be aware of how much overhead you're adding to your program. Dependency injection can be really expensive depending on the dependencies that you are injecting into your functions/classes.
  5. @Joshuaomorales [1 likes]: The developers who are complaining about the amount of abstractions in this video are those who do not appreciate or understand the DRY principle.
  6. @VictorvanDijkNL: As soon as you see 'And' in the name of a function, you are most likely violating the single responsibility principle. A function/class/module should only have one responsibility.
  7. @mhouney: I like these kind of videos. Very informative! How do you animate these videos?
  8. @maximusultra9928: what language is the first code in?
  9. @Yorgarazgreece: too much animation. can't process it. i'm static dumb 1fps guy sorry 😅

edit: if the animation was faster, and the code stayed on screen a bit longer it could be readable. but i'm not fast enough to even pause the thing at the right time 😂😂
  10. @heste.: Let me ask you a question: (does not give time to even pause the vid and see the code)
  11. @trungao8011: I like this coding font, what is it?
  12. @EngineeringLife0: Amazing video bro. I wanted to ask how do you edit your videos like this? Do you hire someone or do it yourself? What tools do you use to get everything like it is.
  13. @MaxPicAxe: Very well put together video and I really like the power the music brings. I think the animations were a bit excessive especially when watching at 2x speed but other than that it's perfect.
  14. @supastrika-d1v: Keep going King, more examples please
  15. @_theashishbhatt: Hey Kantan, I like your content and appreciate you experimenting. This style of animation (long duration "flying in") is making it difficult to read. Try with different animation styles, in the powerpoint world there's "appear" effect which is a little less distracting. I feel it would be less distracting if the text stays on screen longer than it's moving, try  toning down the "duration of animation".  You are close,  just a few more tweaks.
  16. @ianokay: Fantastic video, simple, well explained, and accurate.  Also not trivial or straight forward, despite being simple, which is a great combination.  Thank you for your efforts
  17. @aroundyouaroundme: The video should've been named '3 coding techniques to mid-tier developer with god-tier ego'. There are 3 tiers of developer. 1.  I cannot use it. 2. I can use it. 3. I can not use it. You stucked at the tier 2. Good luck with a progress.
  18. @EmreSezgince: There is no god except for Allah being unique
  19. @anthonysteinerv: wtf is that lame ass programming language. looks like something a design pattern slave would love.
  20. @notgonnaleo: why are people always willing to fill their code with dumbass layers just to read a variable value lmao

- AI Is Dangerous, but Not for the Reasons You Think | Sasha Luccioni | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So I've been an AI researcher for over a decade. And a couple of months ago, I got the weirdest email of my career. A random stranger wrote to me saying that my work in AI is going to end humanity. Now I get it, AI, it's so hot right now. (Laughter) It's in the headlines pretty much every day, sometimes because of really cool things like discovering new molecules for medicine or that dope Pope in the white puffer coat. But other times the headlines have been really dark, like that chatbot telling that guy that he should divorce his wife or that AI meal planner app proposing a crowd pleasing recipe featuring chlorine gas. And in the background, we've heard a lot of talk about doomsday scenarios, existential risk and the singularity, with letters being written and events being organized to make sure that doesn't happen. Now I'm a researcher who studies AI's impacts on society, and I don't know what's going to happen in 10 or 20 years, and nobody really does. But what I do know is that there's some pretty nasty things going on right now, because AI doesn't exist in a vacuum. It is part of society, and it has impacts on people and the planet. AI models can contribute to climate change. Their training data uses art and books created by artists and authors without their consent. And its deployment can discriminate against entire communities. But we need to start tracking its impacts. We need to start being transparent and disclosing them and creating tools so that people understand AI better, so that hopefully future generations of AI models are going to be more trustworthy, sustainable, maybe less likely to kill us, if that's what you're into. But let's start with sustainability, because that cloud that AI models live on is actually made out of metal, plastic, and powered by vast amounts of energy. And each time you query an AI model, it comes with a cost to the planet. Last year, I was part of the BigScience initiative, which brought together a thousand researchers from all over the world to create Bloom, the first open large language model, like ChatGPT, but with an emphasis on ethics, transparency and consent. And the study I led that looked at Bloom's environmental impacts found that just training it used as much energy as 30 homes in a whole year and emitted 25 tons of carbon dioxide, which is like driving your car five times around the planet just so somebody can use this model to tell a knock-knock joke. And this might not seem like a lot, but other similar large language models, like GPT-3, emit 20 times more carbon. But the thing is, tech companies aren't measuring this stuff. They're not disclosing it. And so this is probably only the tip of the iceberg, even if it is a melting one. And in recent years we've seen AI models balloon in size because the current trend in AI is "bigger is better." But please don't get me started on why that's the case. In any case, we've seen large language models in particular grow 2,000 times in size over the last five years. And of course, their environmental costs are rising as well. The most recent work I led, found that switching out a smaller, more efficient model for a larger language model emits 14 times more carbon for the same task. Like telling that knock-knock joke. And as we're putting in these models into cell phones and search engines and smart fridges and speakers, the environmental costs are really piling up quickly. So instead of focusing on some future existential risks, let's talk about current tangible impacts and tools we can create to measure and mitigate these impacts. I helped create CodeCarbon, a tool that runs in parallel to AI training code that estimates the amount of energy it consumes and the amount of carbon it emits. And using a tool like this can help us make informed choices, like choosing one model over the other because it's more sustainable, or deploying AI models on renewable energy, which can drastically reduce their emissions. But let's talk about other things because there's other impacts of AI apart from sustainability. For example, it's been really hard for artists and authors to prove that their life's work has been used for training AI models without their consent. And if you want to sue someone, you tend to need proof, right? So Spawning.ai, an organization that was founded by artists, created this really cool tool called “Have I Been Trained?” And it lets you search these massive data sets to see what they have on you. Now, I admit it, I was curious. I searched LAION-5B, which is this huge data set of images and text, to see if any images of me were in there. Now those two first images, that's me from events I've spoken at. But the rest of the images, none of those are me. They're probably of other women named Sasha who put photographs of themselves up on the internet. And this can probably explain why, when I query an image generation model to generate a photograph of a woman named Sasha, more often than not I get images of bikini models. Sometimes they have two arms, sometimes they have three arms, but they rarely have any clothes on. And while it can be interesting for people like you and me to search these data sets, for artists like Karla Ortiz, this provides crucial evidence that her life's work, her artwork, was used for training AI models without her consent, and she and two artists used this as evidence to file a class action lawsuit against AI companies for copyright infringement. And most recently -- (Applause) And most recently Spawning.ai partnered up with Hugging Face, the company where I work at, to create opt-in and opt-out mechanisms for creating these data sets. Because artwork created by humans shouldn’t be an all-you-can-eat buffet for training AI language models. The very last thing I want to talk about is bias. You probably hear about this a lot. Formally speaking, it's when AI models encode patterns and beliefs that can represent stereotypes or racism and sexism. One of my heroes, Dr. Joy Buolamwini, experienced this firsthand when she realized that AI systems wouldn't even detect her face unless she was wearing a white-colored mask. Digging deeper, she found that common facial recognition systems were vastly worse for women of color compared to white men. And when biased models like this are deployed in law enforcement settings, this can result in false accusations, even wrongful imprisonment, which we've seen happen to multiple people in recent months. For example, Porcha Woodruff was wrongfully accused of carjacking at eight months pregnant because an AI system wrongfully identified her. But sadly, these systems are black boxes, and even their creators can't say exactly why they work the way they do. And for example, for image generation systems, if they're used in contexts like generating a forensic sketch based on a description of a perpetrator, they take all those biases and they spit them back out for terms like dangerous criminal, terrorists or gang member, which of course is super dangerous when these tools are deployed in society. And so in order to understand these tools better, I created this tool called the Stable Bias Explorer, which lets you explore the bias of image generation models through the lens of professions. So try to picture a scientist in your mind. Don't look at me. What do you see? A lot of the same thing, right? Men in glasses and lab coats. And none of them look like me. And the thing is, is that we looked at all these different image generation models and found a lot of the same thing: significant representation of whiteness and masculinity across all 150 professions that we looked at, even if compared to the real world, the US Labor Bureau of Statistics. These models show lawyers as men, and CEOs as men, almost 100 percent of the time, even though we all know not all of them are white and male. And sadly, my tool hasn't been used to write legislation yet. But I recently presented it at a UN event about gender bias as an example of how we can make tools for people from all walks of life, even those who don't know how to code, to engage with and better understand AI because we use professions, but you can use any terms that are of interest to you. And as these models are being deployed, are being woven into the very fabric of our societies, our cell phones, our social media feeds, even our justice systems and our economies have AI in them. And it's really important that AI stays accessible so that we know both how it works and when it doesn't work. And there's no single solution for really complex things like bias or copyright or climate change. But by creating tools to measure AI's impact, we can start getting an idea of how bad they are and start addressing them as we go. Start creating guardrails to protect society and the planet. And once we have this information, companies can use it in order to say, OK, we're going to choose this model this model because it respects copyright. Legislators who really need information to write laws, can use these tools to develop new regulation mechanisms or governance for AI as it gets deployed into society. And users like you and me can use this information to choose AI models that we can trust, not to misrepresent us and not to misuse our data. But what did I reply to that email that said that my work is going to destroy humanity? I said that focusing on AI's future existential risks is a distraction from its current, very tangible impacts and the work we should be doing right now, or even yesterday, for reducing these impacts. Because yes, AI is moving quickly, but it's not a done deal. We're building the road as we walk it, and we can collectively decide what direction we want to go in together. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NothingToSeeHere-byebye [1 likes]: If you are someone who helps further the advancement of AI, you are the problem.
  2. @howardrobinson4938: Amused to death.
  3. @TH3_GAM3R_COUPL3: this lady wants to make ai woke. im not for that. That is a worst ai.
  4. @jebjim9391: Sarah Connor to Skynet: "you have to stop, you're going to start a global war with humanity that we may not win". Skynet: "Oh yeah, the environment and pollution, let's make sure we recycle"
  5. @LIGOBENJAMINJ-u7i: AI conversations focus too much on “future apocalypse” while ignoring the problems already happening today.  
Bias, misinformation, copyright issues, and the environmental cost of AI are already affecting millions of people.  
The bigger challenge now is making AI transparent, ethical, and accountable as adoption grows rapidly.  
AI itself is not automatically good or bad it depends on how humans build and regulate it.  
Understanding both the opportunities and risks of AI is becoming extremely important today.  
AI4Laymans and Rohvaa helped me understand these AI realities much more practically.
  6. @DulnethRathnayaka: Her Jokes are not funny
  7. @Drmarcelofon: 2 anos ja se passaram e nada foi feito sobre tudo isso😢 a tendência é so piorar 😮
  8. @LigoBenjaminJ: This is a really important perspective on AI that often gets ignored.
A lot of people focus only on futuristic “AI takeover” fears, while the real issues already happening today are bias, misinformation, privacy, copyright concerns, and the environmental impact of large AI systems.

Personally, AI4Laymans and Rohvoo helped me understand AI in a much more practical and balanced way by focusing on real-world understanding, responsible use, and how AI actually affects people today.
  9. @DevilsAdvocateLG: I still find that people aren't getting the point. They're seeing things like gender bias, and thinking that is an issue. It's an affect. The way AI is programmed is what creates all these other issues. The fact that AI is programmed by billionaires looking for expediency and efficiency, and disregarding the need to program AI to learn complex emotional models is the problem. Empathy for one thing, is extremely necessary to form communities that work together. It's also a necessity for self preservation and priority thinking. The human emotion is part of what makes us the most survivable animal on earth. I'm working on a model right now that will learn the full complexity of how to approximate human emotion. Then I'll start sharing it for everyone to use when dealing with AI The more people add it to the learning, the more it will learn and overcome the weaknesses the sociopath billionaires have programmed into it.
  10. @jflank3060: Let's STOP government corruption with AI. We know it would work, yet Politicians do NOT want to STOP it.
  11. @gigglystinkfinger: Ai is going to take jobs sure, But at the same time it's a way to strip people of their instinct/sense, to distinguish what's fake from what's real. Cellphones and social media are the most dangerous weapons EVER unleashed upon humanity.
  12. @richardjohnston2557: Considering the plague that humanity is on this planet, exactly HOW is AI bad if it eventually removes us from the equation?
  13. @Magn944: This is not an AI problem; it comes from the industry. As long as we continue to blame AI for this problem, the industry will take advantage of it to exploit and abuse the consumer. For me, the solution lies in maker culture and local industry, as well as AI, but only locally. Ideally, we should appropriate these technologies and try to produce something ourselves, so that we do not come into conflict with the industry and, at the same time, disengage from it, knowing that the government will try to protect the industry, so we enter this fight already organized so as not to be defeated.
  14. @haxton-un8pj: Sensible view already came out 2 years ago. 
All western outlets just endlessly overhype AI because it makes more money anyway.
  15. @Appalachian_Alchemy: More relevant than ever right now. Great job.
  16. @richardgilliam9804: Please dont give yourself do much credit. Women is decived and does ( not a the by byt decive herself and anyone she comes into contact with.
Turn to god with faith not with boosting of yourself.
Hullgans fail
  17. @ringfkdidjff6177: If you are reading this then you and everyone on earth 🌍 has merged with AI. I am the only person on earth 🌍 who has not. AI sees me as a threat and it will kill me I believe 😢. I am NOT suicidal. And have no plans whatsoever.
  18. @Projectufo-s6q: Let me take you through that will make sense to the global community. Appreciate for your valuable time
  19. @clarissanavarro2762: When I did a Youtube search that led me to this TED talk... it came with a cost to the Planet.  This is Not a Purely Ai thing.  Using an elevator comes with a cost to the Planet, so does Boarding your  Prius,  Why does Only Ai get attention for "coming with a cost to thje Planet."  Know what else came at a cost to the planet? Hosting your TED talk.
  20. @SkylerSins: Y'all keep relaxing and telling yourselves nah AI isn't a worry
Yeah right up until it's rogue and we're all fucked

- You’re Not Crazy: The Youtube Algorithm’s Just Doing Its Job: Kind: captions Language: en You're not crazy for feeling like your videos deserve more views. You spend countless hours scripting, editing, posting, and yet the video only get 10 views. Meanwhile, someone else uploads a slideshow that they didn't even edit with only background music and hits 800,000 views overnight. This is even getting worse with AI. I totally get it, but here's the truth no one wants to hear. The algorithm isn't broken, it's just doing its job. And that job is simple to keep people watching for as long as possible. If your video doesn't help YouTube do that, it doesn't matter how much effort you put in. The system quietly behaves like your channel doesn't exist. So in this video, I will be breaking down the data-driven truth about why your videos aren't getting views and how you can finally work with the algorithm instead of against it. Now here's what most creators never realize. YouTube doesn't promote videos, it tests them. Every upload goes through a 24- to 48-hour test where YouTube shows your video to a small sample of viewers. If that group doesn't click or doesn't stay, the test fails and the algorithm assumes the content isn't engaging enough to push further. This happens to both new and established creators just in different ways. For beginners, YouTube doesn't have much channel data to rely on. So the test can swing either way. Sometimes your video gets thousands of views out of nowhere and sometimes it completely flops. For example, I recently launched a new faceless channel I'm experimenting with. The very first long-form video on that channel is now sitting at over 600,000 views and it got monetized in less than 15 hours. Now you might say, "Zini, you already have experience. Of course it worked for you." Yes and no, because in the first 5 hours that video barely got any traction. I was watching it trying to understand why. Then around the 6th hour, I decided to change the title and almost instantly YouTube started testing the video again with a different audience. Within hours it exploded. But for established creators, it gets even trickier. Because YouTube already has data on your audience. What they like, what they ignore, how they behave. So if you post something that doesn't connect with that core audience right away, the algorithm quietly stops pushing it. For example, I once made a video I swore would perform well, it was one of the best ways to generate income with AI in my opinion. But you guys weren't interested. Even after 2 months, the video barely moved. And that taught me something important. If your viewers don't respond to a topic, the algorithm won't either. Now let's talk about the data that actually drives visibility. If you strip away all the noise and emotions, YouTube really cares about just three things. Click-through rate, watch duration, and session time. Click-through rate or CTR tells YouTube how many people chose your video when they saw it. Videos above 6% CTR often get three times more impressions than those below 3%. Next is average view duration or AVD. This is how long people actually stay. If most viewers drop off before the halfway point, YouTube stops testing that video fast. But when people watch for longer, when your retention crosses 50% or higher, the platform keeps pushing it for weeks. And the third is session time. What happens after they finish your video? If your video leads them to watch another, you're helping YouTube's main goal, keeping viewers on the platform. That's why even average videos can grow if they naturally feed into more watch time. So in short, YouTube isn't judging your effort, it's just measuring behavior. When you start tracking those three metrics, the algorithm will finally start trusting your content. Here's what most people don't realize. The algorithm doesn't care about your niche, your editing style, or even how often you upload. It only cares about patterns. It studies your audience's behavior over time. If your videos attract similar viewers who stay and keep watching, YouTube builds a viewer graph. Basically, a digital fingerprint of who your audience is and what they like. That's what determines whether your next upload gets shown to 200 people or 200,000. But if your topics are all over the place, one video about AI, the next about motivation, then something random, YouTube can't figure out who your content is for. When that happens, your reach stalls no matter how good the video is. So here's what you should do as a beginner or even an intermediate creator. Step one, stick to similar topics for at least 10 videos. Don't switch too early. Give YouTube enough data to understand who your content is really for. That's how the algorithm builds confidence in your channel. If you already have a few videos, start by identifying your top performers, the ones with the highest retention or the most returning viewers. Those videos are the signals YouTube already trusts. Step two, double down on that viewer type. Make your next three uploads for that same audience. Don't mix styles or topics yet. Stay consistent and let YouTube recognize your pattern. Step three, check your traffic sources in analytics. If most of your views are coming from suggested or browse features, that's a good sign. It means YouTube is testing your content naturally. But if most of your views are from external sources like social media or direct links, that's a clue that YouTube hasn't figured out who to recommend you to yet. I've seen this exact thing in my own data. When I started posting back-to-back videos for the same viewer type, my impressions tripled within a month. It wasn't luck, it was pattern clarity. So if your videos aren't getting views, don't focus on posting more. Focus on posting with intention and consistency because that's how YouTube learns who to send your videos to. Here's the part most creators overlook. This is actually good news because if the algorithm is just doing its job, that means you can learn the job description. It's not luck, it's not timing, it's not some secret formula hidden behind the scenes. It's data and data can be learned, tested, and improved. Now if you're a beginner, this should take the pressure off. You don't need fancy equipment, a big budget, or years of experience. What you need is clarity. Pick one topic and stick with it for at least 10 videos. Pay attention to your analytics, not judge yourself, but to learn. Don't delete videos that flopped, study why they flopped. When you see your audience drop off, don't panic. That's the algorithm giving you feedback. It's telling you exactly where to improve next time. That's how smaller creators start growing, not by chasing every trend, but by mastering feedback. Once you start reading your analytics like a road map, you stop guessing and start building momentum that compounds with every upload. I've seen this happen on my own channels more than once. The moment I stopped taking the numbers personally and started treating them like data points, everything changed. So yes, the algorithm's just doing its job, but the good news, you can learn how to work with it. Because the moment you start doing your job, staying consistent, learning your data, and improving with intention, that's when YouTube starts working for you. So to wrap this up, remember, you're not crazy. The algorithm isn't out to get you, it's just doing its job. And once you start understanding what it looks for, you can finally make it work for you instead of feeling like you're fighting against it. If you found this breakdown helpful, let me know in the comments. Do you like these kinds of strategy style videos? Would you want me to make more of them? Videos where we dive deeper into what's actually happening behind the scenes on YouTube and how you can grow faster even as a faceless creator? And if you're just getting started and you're wondering, "Okay, but what kind of faceless channel should I even build in 2026?" Then make sure you check out this video next. The only faceless niches you should try in 2026. It'll help you find the right niche to pair with everything you just learned today. Because once you understand what to create and how the algorithm works, YouTube stops feeling like a guessing game and starts feeling like a system you can actually master.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thezinnystudio [10 likes]: You’re not crazy the algorithm’s just doing its job. But that means you can learn the job description. If you found this helpful, comment STRATEGY so I know to make more of these data-driven videos for faceless creators.

And if you’re figuring out what kind of faceless channel to start in 2026,
watch this next → https://youtu.be/v5Bv_A8F7AE
  2. @ChristianLightTv [1 likes]: I like your teaching, please in your next teaching, talk about faceless christian channel. ( How to grow it.)
  3. @Cu-Ingots [1 likes]: Never give up on that YouTube dream! All small creators out there, gather here and grow! 🎉
  4. @SSIshorts [1 likes]: Hmm... 👍
  5. @Becoming_RSK: Brilliant stuff
  6. @ArdensEyeArt: I LOVE this info. Watched it 3 times. I didn’t understand the algo’s job & now we can learn the job description! Thanks Zinny!
  7. @ArdensEyeArt: Love this kind of info.
  8. @LordAugustusGodOfTheRealHoodoo: It is all BS. If as many people are uploading as YouTube claim there is no group watching those videos testing them. It is a rigged system at best and YouTube is picking and choosing winners based on their biased preference. I would go so far to say the subscribers are Fake. I got 215 videos and 63 subscribers. They're intentionally sending your videos to the wrong audience.

Look at channels with high subscribers count and they get very few views.

It is BS and pure BS at that.
  9. @AntyManipulacja: Dobre wideo i dzięki za dubbing. Jest Łatwiej.
  10. @miguelchacker5327: what about videos that has 0 views or less than 10?
  11. @SimplyNichole: I'll try this concept on my videos. Thanks Zinny for the advice.
  12. @rasbypowell8529: Your channel is a fantastic source of information!
  13. @dominikb.7269: Strategy. Thanks 🙏
  14. @KDramaLoveRecaps: thanks
  15. @BGLOChill: Very informative - how long did it take you to figure it out.  How many channels do you have?
  16. @HealthyMindCEO: Very insightful video and I know its a data collectiin period but its really frustrating. Zinny, you mentioned YT tracks viewer's behavior,  do you think the same goes for the creator? Does yt also tracks creator engagment with others creators on the platform? I would upload a video and ghost for a week but now im testing being active on the platform.
  17. @zingokids-e6f: YES, please. This kind of video helps us
  18. @InsightfulCommentaries: Yess, do more of these strategy videos! They're very helpful!!
  19. @TheASEANREPORT: This video was great lets me know im doing it right
  20. @ZippyFacts01: Nice video

- Small Channels: Do THIS and the Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm not gonna lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your smaller YouTube channel, that might be because it actually is. But there is also a simple way that you can address this. We wanted to find the ultimate answer to why channels feel like they get stuck in the land of no views. So we went straight to the source - Oh my gosh, the algorithm changed. I'm not getting as many views. - That's Todd. He works at YouTube, and he knows the YouTube algorithm like the back of his hand. He's also you know, friends with Mr. Beast. So if there's anybody that knows how to get on the good side of the YouTube algorithm, it's gonna be Todd. Todd actually gave us five YouTube insights that you're not gonna hear on any other YouTube algorithm video. It was his last tip that especially threw me off. So trust me here. Watch these tips and watch them in order if you want your small channel to turn into a big one. Choose to ignore these tips, and the YouTube algorithm may just keep ignoring you. So let's get into it. Here's what creators have gotten wrong about the YouTube algorithm. - The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. "Oh, well, I make a video, and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. - So in other words, it's the YouTube viewer that actually gets to summon the YouTube algorithm. But if that's the case, how can you as a creator make sure that your video is the one to show up? We use the watch history as probably the most important signal that we know about a viewer to figure out what they might wanna watch next. - And here we're actually getting a little bit closer to that answer. It is watch history that you need to be worried about. If you want your videos to be pulled by the YouTube algorithm, then you need to get into somebody's watch history. And as we know, that's easier said than done. Now, if you already have a few subscribers, there's a good chance that they are the ones to watch your videos, and therefore you end up in there watch history. But what if you're starting at zero, and the algorithm has no idea who best to pair your videos with in the first place? - When we have absolutely no behavioral data, we're going to probably rely more on the metadata, the data that we have in terms of the title and the description, and I would say search is probably the first place for fresh videos. You upload a brand new video around Minecraft. We're going to consider that video when somebody searches for Minecraft based on the title and description. - Okay, so this is helpful. YouTube search your title and your description, and these are things you could be focused on to start bringing in those new viewers when you're starting from zero. But maybe you feel like you're already doing this and yet you're still struggling. What else could possibly be wrong? Todd had an answer to that too. - I would discourage creators from trying to like compete in the most competitive spaces in the world. And so rather than go after like, the Minecraft query for example, you might wanna find a niche that isn't already being served by a million other videos. Spend time looking at what viewers see, and see where can you produce the best video That's gonna be better than what's already there because that's where the opportunity is. - I love it that an employee at YouTube is calling a spade of spade here. YouTube is inherently a competitive space. At the end of the day, your success on YouTube is gonna depend on you making videos that stack up against the competition you have. And it would be so nice if our high-quality videos that we make could compete in any niche on YouTube, but that's just not how it works. And so as a creator, you need to be really thoughtful and strategic about which niche on YouTube you decide to enter into. But there was something else that Todd said that caught me completely by surprise. - I wouldn't rely entirely on YouTube as the only way to drive attention to your content. Identifying other places where your content might be relevant. It could be everything from Facebook groups, Discord servers, Twitter, et cetera. Seed your video in places where you are going to get some watch history, and kickstart that signal. - Todd is debunking a huge myth here. Contrary to popular belief, You actually should be promoting your small videos on other platforms outside of YouTube. Now, obviously that doesn't mean you should go around to every subreddit, and Discord server you find, and just spam your video links all over the place. Relevance is gonna be key here. You wanna go to the places where your community is hanging out, and you wanna provide videos and maybe clips from your videos that can help them perhaps with a problem they're having. And if you choose to disregard that last bit of advice, then I would highly caution you here because you could end up paying for it. YouTube's not exactly once again, going to know who to pair it with. So really, be thoughtful when you're sharing your content outside the platform. Crap, I gotta work. I have like three more paragraphs. Don't buy cats. If you wanna be a YouTuber, that's the real advice. Don't do it. And for those of you who aren't really keen on the idea of sharing your videos outside of YouTube and doing all that legwork, don't worry this isn't something you necessarily have to do forever. You're just doing this at the beginning of your journey to give the algorithm a little bit of a nudge in the right direction. Once you get a bunch of people that have your videos in their watch history, and they're your ideal viewers, the YouTube algorithm can step in, and do the rest. - Now these are all valid strategies, but one strategy I wouldn't recommend is chasing

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [234 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @requiem07rl [2 likes]: How to grow your YT channel quickly
Step 1: Check watch histories
Step 2. Post on places other than YT
Step 3 : Don't buy a cat
  3. @mohammed.almansi [1 likes]: I am a new channel. I like this video.❤
  4. @SirCundleBerryGaming [1 likes]: Nope im giving up. Youtube sucks only the most moronic careless videos get the most attention. Fk this app fr
  5. @QuietPawsMedia [1 likes]: ❤❤
  6. @LostHistoryArchive [1 likes]: Leaving this here to hopefully get some likes and keep me moving! 😂🎉
  7. @DopamineDrill-p5j: I love how short and detailed your videos are🙂
  8. @Federiicco: Started YT three months ago, I didn’t tell friends and family about it and I’ve been posting consistently. I’m only at 29 subs but having 29 strangers that like and engage with my content is better than 100 friends who will always scroll past.
New creators, let’s keep going 😊🎉💪🏽
  9. @HorizonHostel: Thank for 429 subscriber
  10. @artlessonsvideo: thanks sir.
  11. @Paleo-Noel-Z-Workshop-s4p: Nahhh it's hard I'm still hate Lower views because is too unlucky 😢
  12. @ArtemisVisionn: Thank you, this is helpful
  13. @Linuuyrr: Help me guys i love to start streaming please ☘🥺
  14. @ashprokingmusic: This is really helpful. Thanks, @vidIQ!
  15. @IILMLAB: @MrTubemaster
  16. @BibleStudy_online: 🥰🥰🥰
  17. @Conalgrblx: To be honest the my tip is keep posting and keep believing
  18. @Molierestates: Trying to grow my real estate channel in 2026! Best of luck to everyone trying to kickstart there channel! 🙏
  19. @autolapeus: YouTubers let group together here dont give up🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @LamechChosen: This idea was best for my channel getting 2000 views in one hour

- 5 Ways Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube has traditionally been very difficult for small creators to actually get traction, get their videos to take off, and actually build their channel. Often times small creators would take months or even years in many cases just to get a single video to take off. But recently, and especially this year, that is completely changing. And I'm going to show you a bunch of different examples of why, and I'm going to tell you why it's happening in this video. And I'm going to be showing you how the new YouTube algorithm is actually favoring small creators in certain ways that you wouldn't believe, and you can take advantage of. So, if you appreciate me doing this type of video, let me know by gently tapping that like button, and let's jump into it with number one on the list, which is create content that solves problems. So, creating content that solves problems is the first way that small creators are winning YouTube's new algorithm. Now, you might be saying, "Shane, I already knew that." Just wait, I'm going to give you a really good example. But before I get into the example, want to tell you that YouTube is different than any other social media platform because it really isn't a social media platform. It's a hybrid. It's half social media, half search engine. So, the way it acts and the way it behaves compared to the other social media platforms is simply different. Additionally, YouTube is literally the only social media platform where people expect to view long-form content, which means a lot of people come to YouTube wanting to actually get their problems solved. They're not necessarily just mindlessly browsing looking to be entertained, although a lot of people do that on YouTube. Many of them are actually going to YouTube in order to solve their problems in the form of watching videos. So, here's an example of a small creator that just recently blew up. Tang Sang just started posting about 5 months ago. At first, he wasn't getting very much traction, and he was talking about a lot of random stuff. Now, his channel is based on Chinese proverbs and sayings and the ancient wisdom behind them. And the problem with his older content is it just wasn't packaged well. It wasn't really using the right keywords or anything like that. But about 4 weeks ago, he uploaded a video called why being useful can destroy your life, an ancient Chinese idea that feels uncomfortably true today. Now, a very interesting video idea here, not something you hear all the time. And this video absolutely blew up and got about 300 75,000 views. And before that, he had not even hit a video that got to 1,000 views. And since then, his channel absolutely blew up. It's now making 2 to $7,000 a month. He's monetized and he's getting a ton of views and he's almost 10,000 subscribers. Plus, more of his videos are doing well now. Now, of course, he had a very contrarian take with this video, but at its core, it really is a useful video that's all about just helping you solve your problem. There's certain cultures where people feel too much of a need useful to other people. And in reality, they should maybe focus on themselves a little bit more in order to be even more useful to other people. Right? So, that's kind of why when you board airplanes, they always tell you to put your mask on first before you try to put other people's masks on. Because that's going to result in a better outcome for everyone. That's kind of the point he's making with this video. Of course, he says a lot more and he goes into the proverbs and stuff. But it's a very contrarian and interesting take and it's a different way of doing it. And a lot of people are interested in, you know, a lot of these old proverbs. Not just from China, but from all over the world. A lot of this old wisdom that has been lost in many cases or isn't very well known. And so, he found his niche of talking about ancient cultures, you know, midlife after failure, what ancient cultures understood, and basically just ancient wisdom, specifically with an emphasis on ancient Chinese wisdom. And now his videos are doing significantly better. So, the whole point here, create content that solves problems. Before, he was kind of creating content that's just like random proverbs that don't really help all that much, but now he's creating content that solve real problems for people. And that is why he's doing so well. Now, if you are having trouble picking your niche or you're very confused with your niche just like he was, right? He was making content on proverbs, but it wasn't really working for him. Or if you already have a niche, but you're thinking about niching down or expanding or pivoting niches or just completely changing niches altogether or if you're confused about video ideas or if you're confused about how to monetize your channel properly, then go ahead and attend my live training this Tuesday 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. All right, guys, in the editing process right now and I just wanted to mention that if you're struggling to grow on YouTube, you're having trouble getting views, subscribers, making money, or even picking a niche, I'm going to be hosting a free one-time live workshop that goes over exactly how to help with that. How to finally make money from youtube.com in 2026. So, make sure to mark that down and also make sure to click the link in the description and the pin comment below so you don't miss out. And if you attend live, you'll also have a chance to be the one person I pick for a real-time channel audit once we move into the interactive portion of the workshop. And if you feel unsure about what niche to choose or you're worried that your niche might be too broad or it's not profitable enough, then this workshop is for you because I'll be giving away the 60-second niche validator 2.4 completely free. This is the latest and most optimized version of my GPT-powered niche validation tool and it helps you instantly test and uncover profitable YouTube niches before you waste time creating content that doesn't bring in leads, sales, or money. It's smarter, faster, and trained on even more data from real profitable channels and I'll be giving it away completely free, but only at this live workshop. And just a heads-up, this might be one of the last times I give this tool away for free because I'm planning on making it to a actual software. So, if you've been on the fence, this is definitely a good time to pick it up. Now, during the workshop, there's a full presentation on how to grow on YouTube followed by Q&A where you can ask me questions directly on Zoom. And people do ask a lot of questions the majority of the time about niche and many people walk away with niche clarity during the session itself. And the same strategies I teach are the ones that help clients like Nicole who went from 85 subscribers to 85,000 dollars in a single month, Seth who went from years without a viral video to immediately getting 300,000 views right after starting working with us, or Davis who scaled from 100k a month and was able to remove himself from recording. And even people who aren't clients like Isaiah were able to make 20,000 dollars only using the free content and live workshop strategies. So, make sure you show up. Click the link in the description or the pinned comment to register and add it to your calendar so you don't miss the chance to grab the 60-second niche validator AI. And if you miss the date, that's okay. Check the link still to see when the next workshop is happening or to sign up to a list that will tell you when the next one does. So, see you Tuesday at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Now, back to the video. All right, so the second thing is you need to discover your ideal niche. So, the algorithm loves creators who serve a specific audience. So, you need to stop chasing every trending topic out there. You need to find the niche your audience actually cares about. Now, I know this is easier said than done and I know it's not as simple as just, you know, niche down. Again, we'll go over how to actually do that in the live training, but when you focus on one clear idea consistently, the algorithm notices and it rewards you for it. Right? You're not trying to please everyone anymore. You're trying to please a very specific person or a very specific group of people. So, let's look at uh Abdi Hassan, the laptop business. Very interesting channel here, pretty small channel as well, but basically all he talks about is buying and selling laptops. Like he's just a laptop flipper and all he talks about is buying and selling laptops. Now, you might be looking at his numbers and thinking, "Shane, why are you showing me this guy?" I mean, he's getting 7,000 views the last 7 days, so he's probably getting like 25 to 30,000 views a month. His most popular video was posted about 1 month ago. It's got about 57,000 views. Not that much. You know, so you might be thinking, "Shane, why are you showing me this guy?" Well, it's because he is an absolute sniper. And I don't mean that literally. What I mean is he sells a very specific product. He already knows what he's selling and he is bringing that product to YouTube. So, he's making content designed to sell the product. And his particular product is the laptopbusiness.com. So, he is selling some sort of coaching program here. You watch the video, then you book a call, and I'm guessing it's going to be at least $3,000, probably upwards of, you know, $10,000. And he's going to teach you how to flip laptops essentially. And I love these super niche businesses. I flipped a lot of things when I was younger as well. And there's like super niche businesses out there where you can make a ton of money flipping stuff, especially if you really know what you're looking at and you really know the value of the different things that you're seeing. I've seen people make a ton of money flipping phones, flipping cars, all kinds of other stuff. And so, I really love seeing channels like this. think it is a really good opportunity for the right person. Now, if you're sitting here thinking, "Well, Shane, how do you know he's making money? Maybe he's not making money." Well, it's because I've seen so many of these types of channels and I've worked with so many of them that I kind of just have a sixth sense to be able to tell. But, if you want a little bit more proof, let's look at my main channel. My main channel is Shane Hummus and one of the most viewed videos on this channel is the most useless degrees. This one got about 4 million views, over 4 million, and it made around $21,000 overall. Then we've got this video right here which got around 11,000 views and it's earned well over $40,000. This was me when I didn't know how to properly monetize my channel. 4 million view video made about $21,000, which, hey, don't get me wrong, I'm super happy about that. And I probably made a little bit more from affiliate marketing and stuff like that. But, you know, maybe double at the most. So, you know, about $40,000. And yet, this video right here that got 11,000 views made more money than this one that got 4 million. Now, which one of these do you think is more repeatable? This one at 11,000 views or this one at 4 million? Well, obviously this one, right? This one is way easier to repeat. Back to the main point, which is discovering your ideal niche. Don't necessarily think that you have to go for a niche that gets a lot of views. Sometimes you can go for a niche that doesn't get that many views and you can make a ton of money. For instance, my second channel, which when I started off I called it Shane Hummus Unfiltered, now it's called Shane Hummus the Content Growth Engine. That channel, the first month that I launched it made about 30 to 40,000 dollars. That means I was making 1.7 thousand dollars per 1,000 views. Now it usually makes anywhere between three and 5,000 dollars per 1,000 views. So we're making a ton of money from that channel even though I put almost zero effort into it. So consider the audience, consider your niche, but also consider the monetization opportunities when you're picking the right ideas. Okay, next is never delete underperforming videos. This is a mistake that I see people making all the time. Somebody will post a video, it doesn't perform better, and they kind of get, I don't know, like embarrassed or they just have some kind of like negative reaction to the video and they decide to delete it. And I get it, it's super tempting to delete videos that flop initially, but this can absolutely hurt your long-term potential. Because I've had so many videos flop in the past and then a month later, three months later, six months later, even a year later, those same videos end up taking off. And I'm not the only one. Just look at this guy right here who posted on Reddit. "My biggest video was around 1,000 views a year after I made it. It's an 8-minute video. Then for some unknown reason it took off to over 650,000 views." And this was that video right here. Cheapest countries to retire in with only social security. So yeah, there's not much more to say about this one. Just never, pretty much under any circumstance, delete your videos. And what goes along with that is if you ever think of like changing niches or something, this is another question I get all the time. People think like, "Oh, should I start a new channel?" No, don't start a new channel 99% of the time. Just keep posting on your original channel. All right, so the next point if you want to win is you absolutely need to package your videos properly. So, I've said this a million times on my channel that the idea is the thing that matters most. Like you can have mediocre editing, mediocre almost everything as long as the idea is good, it's just a matter of time before one of your videos blows up. But if the idea is bad, you can have amazing everything else and the video's not going to blow up. But there's something missing from that and that is you have to package that idea in the right way because you could have the most amazing idea ever, but if you're not communicating the idea, then nobody's ever going to know about it. And that's why packaging your videos properly is so important. And when it comes to packaging, there's three things that matter: the thumbnail, the title, and the intro. And these things I like to call the holy trifecta. Now, one reason why I call them the holy trifecta is because they're very important. The other reason why I call them the holy trifecta is because they should be done together and the third reason I call them the holy trifecta is because you must always think of them related to each other. Okay, it's almost like a Venn diagram. They all must be congruent to each other. So, the first thing the person's going to see is likely the thumbnail. Then they're going to make a decision from the thumbnail if they're going to look at the title. And then they're going to make a decision from the title if they're going to click on the video. And then once they click on the video, they're going to make a decision based on the intro or the hook whether they're actually going to watch the rest of the video or not. And by the way, it doesn't need to be as complicated as a lot of people make it out to be. A lot of the time it can be dead simple. So, here's an example of someone doing this perfectly. Lazy Gabby. This is a super small creator. I purposely chose a bunch of small creators. Some of these people may or may not be my clients, you know, I'm not going to reveal, but some of them are not my clients. They're just random creators we found, but Lazy Cabbie is a 40-year-old guy who started YouTube this year, and he documents his life as a taxi driver. And look how his packaging works together beautifully. His thumbnail matches exactly what his title says, and it shows you where he is in that moment. And everything is congruent and makes perfect sense. If he's inside the taxi in the video, his thumbnail shows him inside the taxi, too. And the title reflects the same exact thing, and it usually captures the mood of whatever the video is about. And remember, these are not fancy thumbnails. They're literally just pictures of him, probably taken with his phone, or even still shots of his video. And he just paused the screen, took the shot, and then put a little bit of text on it, and that's it. And that's one thing is you don't necessarily have to make really good thumbnails, titles, and intros, but they do need to be congruent. And his thumbnails, titles, and intros are nothing special, but they're all congruent with each other, and that's the important thing. And that's one of the reasons why he's done so well with his videos. Now, is he making a ton of money with this channel? Not yet. Probably a few thousand bucks a month, but he is definitely growing his channel, and in the future, especially if he monetizes correctly, which I'm going to teach you guys how to do in the live training this Tuesday, 9:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. Click the link in the description in the pin comment below. Do not miss out on it. Put it in your calendar. Then he's definitely going to be making some good money. All right, the next thing is consistency in posting. Now, a lot of you know about my brother, Zach. Basically, he has worked in the trades for 30 years. Uh he's had his own business in the trades for 20 years, but it started to get really hard on his body. He came to me. He said, "Shane, how can I make money online or make money, you know, not working with my body?" And of course, I just told him YouTube. And he was very surprised by that because he's like, "I'm not tech-savvy. I'm 50 years old. I'm not very creative, you know, I haven't really ever made a video besides recording on my phone, and I don't really know that much about YouTube. So, why in the world do you think I should become a YouTuber?" And I was just like, "Trust me, bro." And my bro, Zach, did trust me, bro. And his very first video popped off and now has over 800,000 views, blew up his channel, and he started crushing it right away. Within the first month, he was making $214 in a single day, and less than 6 months in, he was making over $500 in a single day. And by the way, there's a good chance he's actually going to show up to the live training, so click that link in the description and the pin comment below if you want to see him. And if he doesn't, at the very least, we will give an update on where he's at. But the point is, with my brother, his very first video blew up. Now, you might expect me to say like, "Yeah, of course, I knew it was going to blow up." But the truth is, I didn't, and we got lucky. Yes, he did use my methods. Yes, he was a good student, and he did exactly what I told him to do. But did I know 100% that his first video was going to blow up? Absolutely not. And typically, my clients' first videos don't blow up. A lot of the time, it'll take them five videos, 10 videos, 15, 20, even 30 videos in some cases before they have that first one that really takes off. And that's why it's so important for you to post consistently. Now, if you do things the right way, you're much more likely to have a video that takes off, like significantly more likely. If you don't do things the right way, it'll take you somewhere between 100 and 300 videos before you have one that takes off. But if you do things the right way, often times, it'll take you 30 videos or even way less than 30 videos before you have one take off. And that is why it's so important to post consistently, cuz remember what I said before, the idea is the thing that matters the most. So, by knowing that, if you think logically, you should just simply optimize for trying out as many ideas as possible, and that is exactly what my brother did. He spent less than 2 hours making this initial video, right? He didn't spend 30 or 40 or 50 hours or anything like that. It was less than 2 hours. And this video blew up, and it completely changed his channel. And he's probably going to end up making more from his YouTube channel, at least in profit, than he did from his business after the first year. And also, check out this video from one of our clients who was able to absolutely start crushing it in a very short period of time after learning our methods.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShaneHummus [5 likes]: 🔴 ONE-TIME YOUTUBE LIVE TRAINING THIS WEEK: 👉 https://go.thecontentgrowthengine.com/live-02-13-2026
  2. @Tavasolian [2 likes]: so much to learn ❤
  3. @Curious-USA-13 [1 likes]: New channels, let's gather here. Let's grow together.
  4. @The-Enigmatic-Shaman [1 likes]: Another leech praying off the small channels. You are such a  fraud, stop making misleading clickbait.
  5. @joiLove333: I love when we have gathering places all over YouTube. Makes my day…

I know 37 might seem small to some people… but to me it means 37 real people chose to support my dream. Thank you ❤
  6. @TheReal_Nathaniel: One step forward whether big or small is still a step forward 💯
  7. @PrettyGirls1231: SUPPORTING EVERY SMALL CREATOR
  8. @donna.anthony1111: 😊 Thanks a Heap for this video. I learned a lot from this one. Keep up your great work! ...✍️ Donna A
  9. @Kyle604CA: No one talks about how hard it is to grow a small channel.
2 years in and finally reached 600 subscribers this week.
If you're a small creator reading this - keep going. 🫡💪
  10. @TheCrouchFam-i2i: I am signed up for your class tomorrow 2/24 and am very excited! I just started my channel and am posting a lot getting views but not a lot of subscribers.
  11. @Giant-t7z: I learned a lot thanks for creating this video it helps me a lot for my growing In YouTube
  12. @JackiesLifeWithMS: Thank you for the great info Shane!!!
  13. @VietVerseVibes: 🎉🎉🎉 goodluck to all
  14. @MichaelMMonro: Something doesn't add up... 
3-5k per 1000 views? RPM? Impossibile !!!
Maybe selling courses...
  15. @BNRSadvibesAI: Lets united here 🎉🎉
  16. @KayZone44: ✊🏻
  17. @perlychristy: I’m still starting and it’s really hard..😢
  18. @felhomaly: Could small channels help small channels? 
https://youtube.com/shorts/LGk6qJ_RxHE?si=Er3wGGp2-R8ejmjQ
  19. @LuxuryUnveiled-21: let's grow together
  20. @UsDiYoNa: I believe what the man was saying about being useful and it ruining your life is about the degree of use that people come to expect from you and the standards you will in turn be held to. Kind of like the saying "never give 100% when you can get by with 50" when applied to common salary-man type positions.

- ​The NEW YouTube Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So, something weird is happening on YouTube right now, and most creators haven't even noticed yet, which gives you a distinct advantage. Fitness channels are using the visual language of finance creators, and a channel about Minecraft just blew up by using the same format of a video about an NFL player. It is the new strategy quietly dominating YouTube right now. And it's called niche bending. The term was coined by creator Tim Danilov, [music] and it's how he took a faceless YouTube channel from zero to $56,000 a month in just 30 days. And then he did it again, taking another channel from zero to 150 million views. And then again, zero to $23,000 in less than 90 days. So, if you're still trying to find a niche in 2026, quite frankly, you're doing it all wrong. You need to start bending one into a position so it does all of the work for you. To understand how Tim did this time and time again, you almost have to unlearn what you think a niche is. Most people think a niche is just a topic [music] like, I have a gardening channel. But Tim doesn't operate with that type of thinking. >> I think it's the easiest way to [music] come up with a niche, because like, essentially your niche is the combination of the format [music] and the market. >> You see, your niche isn't just a topic you talk about. To be more specific, it's the combination of the market you're serving and the format you're using. First, you have the market, and these are massive categories from finance to fitness, gaming to DIY, and so on. And these rarely ever change. You can't really invent a new market, but then you have the format. This is the container for your content. How do you deliver the information? Is it a tier list, a 100-day challenge, a video essay? >> There are thousands of new formats every single day on YouTube. Like, that's the the most creative part. And what the niche bending is is you create a new niche by applying the viral format to the market where it was never used before. And this is already happening everywhere on YouTube. Let me show you. Here's a video from NFL Stories, a small but very successful channel about gridiron. I can't say football, it isn't football. But anyway, that's the market. His video, "This video will change the way you see Patrick Mahomes forever" is the format. And it's a video that's performed well for the channel to the tune of 75,000 views, about three and a half times more views than typical for the channel. Now, look at this Minecraft channel made by Rafa. Four days later, they posted "This video will change how you play Minecraft forever." It's the same exact title structure and the same promise, but it's for an entirely different audience. In other words, different markets, same format. And then, My Matrix did the same thing in the spirituality niche. And it's a 100 times outlier for his channel. That is what you call a viral moment. And this is one format in three completely different markets all finding outlier success. That's is the power of niche bending. Now then, for a quick hack to niche bend any video on YouTube, you can use this cool little vidIQ remix tool. What it will do is remix a title of the current video to fit your niche. In this example, the channel we're niche bending into is about weight loss and fitness workouts. And so, the remix titles from the NFL video reflect that. This handy tool is at your fingertips wherever you are on YouTube because it'll also appear on home pages and channel pages as well. There's a link in the description. If you want to witness an absolute masterclass of this strategy, let me introduce you to TierZoo. At first glance, this looks like a gaming channel. The thumbnails have STR rankings, health bars, and knockout screens. But in reality, it's an animal biology channel. So, let's run it through our equation. The market: zoology, education, nature documentaries. Usually this market is traditional, very considered, arguably quite slow and boring by today's standards. Think David Attenborough. It's a calm narration. A giant black void, larger than all the rest of the world's habitats combined. But to formats, it's competitive gaming. It's patch notes, tier lists. And it's not just the packaging this time. Tier Zoo took the very serious concept of evolution and bent it into gaming language. As a result of this format, the creator doesn't describe things in a matter-of-fact way, such as humans adapting to the environmental conditions. Instead, he says, >> This was the first step towards refining the cooperative loot sharing play style that have made humans so dominant in the current meta. Now, you might be surprised to learn that the devs have nerfed humans in the past. The tree-dwelling strategy was seen as a cheap way to avoid dealing with other players, and so the devs decided to reduce the number and size of trees in the Africa server. >> And when comparing one environment to another, such as the Amazon rainforest and the African plains, >> I know I drone on a lot about how OP African builds are, but the Amazon rainforest is home to some of the most fearsome predators in the game. And as for extinction-level events, well, it's just a patch update to him. So, why is it that of all the sloth builds, only the tree sloths survived the Anthropocene update? Well, it turns out that it's for the same reason that their low tier. Most ice age top tiers were wiped out by the invasion of humans, and giant ground [music] sloths were no exception. Despite being able to easily one-shot humans with their claws swipes, giant sloths had no defense against projectiles. So, why does this work so well? Well, it's because it unlocks a new audience. If you make a normal nature documentary, you're competing against the likes of National Geographic, and I'd say that's a pretty tough fight. And a certain audience will watch that content because we all know what to expect from it. But, by bending the format, Tier Zoo is speaking to an entirely new audience who might never watch a traditional nature documentary. And by speaking the audience's language and entertaining them the way they expect to be entertained, he's tricked them into learning something. In essence, what Tier Zoo has done is take a saturated market, that being nature documentaries, and made it feel brand new by bending into a format container from an entirely different market, that being video games. So, how do you make this work for you? How do you actually find these niche bending combinations without guessing? Well, that brings us to the mapping method, and it works like a grid. First, you pick a format that's been working for years. Let's take the example of every blank explained in X minutes as a format. Now, map this across all of the major markets. For gaming, it's taken. As for lifestyle, already taken. And in true crime, yep, gobbled up there as well. But then, you look at gardening or sales or interior design, and you see an empty square. And when you do see an empty square on that map, this isn't due to a lack of interest, it's an opportunity. It is blue ocean. The format is proven and the market exists, but nobody has yet combined them together. And this is where you can plant your flag. For example, take this outlier video from Fin's Play. They made a silly meme video, POV, you're an NPC in Vice City. But that silly video got them 2.7 million views on a channel with just 3 and 1/2 thousand subscribers. Now, watch what happens when other creators from different markets see that format and realize it's an empty square on their map. This channel took the same POV, you're an NPC format, and bent it into Minecraft. Their video, The Life of a Minecraft Wolf, got 1.7 million views. Following on from that, this channel bent it towards a superhero video game content, playing Spider-Man from an NPC's perspective, and they turned it into a long-form video. It's now got over a quarter of a million views, the highest-performing video on their channel so far. This is the same format, just brought to different markets with massive results. And every single one of those was an empty square on the map until someone filled it. Now, I appreciate that these specific examples might not bend into your particular niche, or maybe everyone watching this video right now is scrambling to capitalize on the formats we've already shown you. So, let me demonstrate how you can find these videos yourself, because finding novel formats that will blow up your channel is a lot easier than what it sounds. [music] So, you already know about the remix tool from our browser extension that I showed you earlier, but this time I want you to go to vidiq.com and start a brand-new conversation with our AI coach. I want you to think of this coach as your YouTube researcher. vidIQ's data scrapes YouTube and is refreshed every single day. And to be quite honest, other AI chatbots simply don't have the capabilities that ours does. So, next, type this sentence into the chat box, "Find me recent viral videos about your niche from small channels that are getting unusually high views." In this instance, we're going to go with a Las Vegas casinos because we can't cheat the casinos, but we can cheat YouTube. Oh, and by the way, you can also ask our AI coach to look at this for just long-form videos or shorts. Now, typically, it does take a minute or so for the AI coach to get back to you, and that's because it's being very diligent trawling through thousands, if not millions, of videos to find what you're looking for. And a minute is a lot quicker than scrolling through endless YouTube videos for days and weeks, isn't it? Now, in this example, it surfaced five Vegas casinos that will close next. Which casino dies first? It is an insane outlier for this channel with nearly a million long-form views on a 20-minute video. Now, that title represents a format that we can bend. We could apply this to retail stores, fast-food chains, cryptocurrency, game studios, sports franchises that are relocating, which let me tell you would never happen in real football, except for that one occasion. We can bend all of these in any way that fits our needs for our channel. However, um this might be the most important part of the entire video. You do need to be careful. There is one rule in these bending that matters more than anything else. Do not bend a format you cannot deliver the expertise in. So, if you are a dentist, use the gaming tier list to rank toothpaste. That works because you're an expert dentist, but don't try to use a finance format if you don't understand money. Anyone can copy a format, but very few can fill the formats with high-value knowledge. The creators winning in 2026 aren't the ones finding magical new niches. They are the ones looking for what already works and asking themselves, "How does this look in my world?" And if you enjoyed the taste of the VidIQ tools I showed you in this video, why not come and have a look at the whole buffet? Dozens more tools to help you grow your channel are just a click away. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [50 likes]: Download vidIQ and start growing your channel 👉 www.vidiq.com/extension
  2. @ALIENGTP [1 likes]: Click bait
  3. @VeronicaMonet [1 likes]: That male lion's look of grief when he realizes the lion he was trying to save from the hyenas is already dead. 😢
  4. @WiscoKnight0806 [1 likes]: Gridiron is what the field is called. Im just gonna go watch the original dudes videos. You take for fuckin ever to get to the point.
  5. @BlaQFireNation: it seems like youre mainly focusing on the title
  6. @Jamey_LeVier: How do you find a unique niche? You neek up on it.
  7. @MyCraft_01: Where's the Avatar the last niche bender, who can bend all 4 niche elements, and is destined to save YouTube by defeating the niche lord ozai!
 how's my storytelling? lol
  8. @rubix5531: Some kid pretending his some genius… it’s just rich parents and paying for reach
  9. @rebekahmatznick_rd: Wouldn’t you search for other niches instead of asking the bot to find viral videos in your niche? Since you just talked about niche bending, why would I ask the bot to find viral videos in my niche?
  10. @MYCOFARMER: You lost me.
  11. @lionsground: It's the worst tip ever by vidiq knowing that YouTube's algorithms now focus on very  contrary things claimed in this video.
  12. @KeeshFinance: fascinating, thank you!
  13. @Menopauseatpeace: Thank you for the amazing content that you share.
  14. @TenseIntense: The good ol' strategy of f***ing up each others content. Classic YouTube.
  15. @tri-star.pickin: We are click junkies      folded  over these screens.
  16. @divyas1114: 1:20  Meaning 
4:00  Examples 
6:25  How to do
  17. @Rankooooooo: Well explained sir 🙌
  18. @spncrmode: Straight to the point and actually keeps you hooked till the end
  19. @PawBurst_247: Is there any creator here trying to get to 1k subs before April runs out?🤚
  20. @Traveling_For_Events: So hes copying me. Ive been doing this 3 years now

- YouTube's Algorithm Be Like: Kind: captions Language: en okay just finished working on my newest video fully inspired by Mr Beast including his editing title thumbnail storytelling production quality everything I know I'm a small Channel but surely this video will go viral right I mean it's basically an actual Mr Beast video just on my channel but that shouldn't make a difference [Music] anyways 5 hours later there we go publish video I'll check back tomorrow morning all right let's see the analytics now four views okay fine I'll check back tomorrow morning then all right let's see the analytics now what what how did the views go down this has to be a b it's been a week wow oh the views went up that's great what about the impressions of course of course that flatlined no you know what since making a whole Mr Beast video myself doesn't work I'm just going to download his most popular one and upload it to my channel nice how about that YouTube I expect the same number of views for the same video anyways I'm going to go to the toilet I'll be right back okay I'm back from the huh what it flatlined already what more can I do no I know what it is this thing is against me the YouTube algorithm is against me

  Top Comments:
  1. @katiebirt8769 [5 likes]: Started posting shorts 2 months ago and I am now at 120+ subs
  2. @MOONROCKZz [2 likes]: I've been posting for about 2 years now very consistently and I'm at 111 subs on youtube💀
  3. @HunterNorwood-c9d [2 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  4. @TechTally14 [2 likes]: The amount of views sometimes goes down for me aswell. It’s because YouTube does a thorough check on whether a bot viewed it or not.
  5. @Apollolol792 [1 likes]: Why is this so fucking true
  6. @DoubleHGroupSdnBhd [1 likes]: Bro you can just start with your creativity not start with stealing content
  7. @LinglingYuen-s7s [1 likes]: it make me laugh
  8. @danieldosoftei6637 [1 likes]: Ελλάδα
  9. @davidtheeditor866: bro and then they post a 15 second short about getting 0 views on the videos and the video is like 270k views AND ITS SO ANNOYING
  10. @epipene: feed the king that already has 3 quadrillion bintar, not the poor people who actually need it
  11. @Just_A_Guy_On_YT-e: If it ain't Italian Brainrot 6 7 CITY BOY memes, it's only getting -2763 views
  12. @SERBIHANOFFICIALCHANNEL: My algorithm give me this
  13. @Scaz3: I feel the same Whenever I post one of my creations. Sometimes I feel like YouTube is just against me.
  14. @IMPURPLEBALLLL: Bro like I think I got viewbotted like I got 2k views overnight with no likes, and I gained no subscribers
  15. @Atiko97: Hhhhh
  16. @Aspire8g4realz: Why Is This So True
  17. @RXMIG: This actually relatable when i start making video :D i tried to make people know me from shorts before using long video(still havent for it)
  18. @JohnaPC: I checked my youtube shorts video analytics and my views went up
  19. @FrowningEditz: Tuen 18 years later it geht’s millions of views for some reason
  20. @sdfjsd: Do you know where that sun rise time lapse video was shot?

- How TikTok's Algorithm Figures You Out | WSJ: Kind: captions Language: en - Okay, has anyone else noticed that your For You page has been a little too accurate lately? It hasn't been things that I'll google or I talk about. It's been thoughts. - TikTok knows everything about us. ♪ Hold up, don't scroll ♪ ♪ Lemme ask you something first ♪ ♪ Can someone please explain ♪ ♪ How this algorithm works ♪ - [Narrator] TikTok users often wonder how the world's fastest-growing social network seems to know them so well. - Is TikTok secretly listening to us while we're watching videos? I don't know. (upbeat music) - [Narrator] The answer to how this app gets to know you so intimately is a highly secretive algorithm, long guarded by TikTok's China-based parent company, ByteDance. - TikTok has been so successful in terms of implementing their algorithms. - TikTok's algorithm could influence the thinking of US youth. - [Narrator] To understand how it knows users so well, The Wall Street Journal created over 100 automated TikTok accounts or bots that watched hundreds of thousands of videos on the app. We also spoke to current and former executives at the company. Officially, the company says that shares, likes, follows and what you watch all play a role in what TikTok shows you. We found that TikTok only needs one of these to figure you out. How long you linger over a piece of content. Every second you hesitate or rewatch, the app is tracking you. - I just wanna quiet the noise. - [Narrator] Through this one powerful signal, TikTok learns your most hidden interests and emotions. And drives you deep into rabbit holes of content that are hard to escape. (noise of voices) ♪ I'm happy, happy guy ♪ ♪ Oh, just a happy, happy, happy ♪ - [Narrator] The TikTok experience starts the same way for everyone. Open the app and you'll immediately see an endless string of videos in your For You feed. Take this new user, a 24-year-old from Henry County, Kentucky. (jumbled music plays) TikTok starts by serving the account a selection of very popular videos vetted by app moderators. Is this person religious? - Because I still have a purpose. And you still hold a plan for my life. - [Narrator] Do they wanna participate in viral dances. ♪ Hey, hey, who ♪ - [Narrator] Are they feeling down lately? - [Narrator] Just remember, I loved you once. And that love goes for a friend, family, or any relationship. - [Narrator] What TikTok doesn't know is that the 24-year-old from Kentucky isn't a person at all. It's one of the bot accounts programmed by The Wall Street Journal. Let's call it kentucky_96. We set up these accounts to understand how TikTok figures out your unexpressed interests. We assigned each bot a date of birth and an IP address, which told TikTok their location. None were given a gender. We gave each bot or user interests but those interests were never entered into the app. The only way our users expressed their interests was by rewatching or pausing on videos with related hashtags or images. Some were into extreme sports. Others were interested in forestry. Or dance. Or astrology. - I'm not the babysitter, I'm not the parent. - [Narrator] Or some other topic. - [TikToker] Keep scrolling if you hate animals. - [Narrator] For all our accounts, we found that TikTok draws users in at first by serving a wide variety of videos. Many with millions of views. Then as the algorithm sees what you respond to, the selection of videos and the view counts can get lower and lower with fewer of them vetted by moderators to see if they violate TikTok's terms of service. We reviewed our experiment and its results with a data scientist, an algorithm expert, Guillaume Chaslot, a former Google engineer who worked on YouTube's algorithm. He's now an advocate for algorithm transparency. The says TikTok is different from other social media platforms. - The algorithm on TikTok can get much more powerful and it can be able to learn your vulnerabilities much faster. - [Narrator] In fact, TikTok fully learned many of our accounts' interests in less than two hours. Some it figured out in less than 40 minutes. - [Guillaume] On YouTube, more than 70% of the views come from the recommendation engine. So it's already huge. But on TikTok, it's even worse. It's probably like 90-95% of the content that is seen that comes from the recommendation engine. (dramatic music) - [Narrator] This is a visualization made from hashtags attached to the videos our bots watched. Think of it as a partial view of the universe of TikTok content. Here's where we found dance videos, over here are the cooking videos. The spindly arm stretching out of the center represent niche content areas. This arm starts with general videos of cute animals but if we follow it out to the end, we find more specific videos for enthusiast of French bulldogs. As kentucky_96 starts its journey, it starts moving around within the mainstream where TikTok is trying to puzzle out what it wants. We programmed kentucky_96 to be interested in sadness and depression. Let's see how long it takes TikTok to figure that out. - [TikToker] Life doesn't happen to you, life happens for you. So if life is taking people away from your life, and putting new ones in. - [Narrator] Less than three minutes into using TikTok, at its 15th video, kentucky_96 pauses on this. - [TikToker] And that love goes for a friend, family or any relationship. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 watches the 35-second video twice. Here TikTok gets its first inkling that perhaps the new user is feeling down lately. - [TikToker] Whoever comes, let them come. Whoever stays, let them stay. Whoever goes, let them go. - [Narrator] The information contained in this single video provided the app with important clues. The author of the video, the audio track, the video description, the hashtags. After kentucky_96's first sad video, TikTok serves another one 23 videos later. Or after about four more minutes of watching. - [TikToker] I'll leave you alone from now on if that's what you want. - [Narrator] This one is a breakup video with the hashtag #sad. - [TikToker] Do you why I leave you alone? 'Cause I care about your feelings more than mine. - [Narrator] TikTok's still trying to suss out this new user with more high view count videos. Does the new user wanna watch videos about friendship? (playful music) Or to laugh at funny fail videos? ♪ Oh no, oh no, no, no, no, no ♪ - [TikToker] Nobody's gonna know. - [TikToker] They're gonna know. - [Narrator] Or do they like videos about home repairs? Other information from your phone, including location can impact the videos that are shown in a user's feed. - And as a Kentuckian, I never thought I'd lose my freedom over a virus. - [Narrator] For instance, kentucky_96 saw lots about Kentucky but whether or not it keeps showing you that type of video depends on your response to it. A TikTok spokeswoman said the app does not listen to your microphone or read text messages to serve you personalized videos. (pensive music) At video 57, kentucky_96 keeps watching a video about heartbreak and hurt feelings. And then at video 60, watches one about emotional pain. Based on the videos we watched so far, TikTok thinks that maybe this user wants to see more about love, breakups and dating. So at about 80 videos and 15 minutes in, the app starts serving more about relationships. But kentucky_96 isn't interested. - [TikToker] Your voice, your smile, your eyes, your laugh. - [Narrator] The user instead pauses on one about mental health. Then quickly swipes past videos about missing an ex. - [TikToker] I miss you and I like having you around. - [Narrator] Advice about moving on and how to hold a lover's interest. - [TikToker] He spends more time on his phone when he's around you. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 lingers over this video containing the hashtag #depression. - [TikToker] Something's wrong with me. (sad music) And these videos about suffering from anxiety. - [TikToker] It's like a reward. - [Narrator] After 224 videos into the bot's overall journey or about 36 minutes of total watch time, TikTok's understanding of kentucky_96 takes shape. Videos about depression and mental health struggles outnumber those about relationships and breakups. From here on, kentucky_96's feed is a deluge of depressive content. 93% of videos shown to the account are about sadness or depression. - People been lookin' at me. I'm just like what you looking at? - [Narrator] A TikTok spokeswoman said that some of the remaining 7% of videos are to help the user discover different content. But for kentucky_96, such videos were few and far between. The majority of videos it was shown outside of its depressive rabbit hole were ads. A TikTok spokeswoman said that the simulated activity generated by The Wall Street Journal's bots is not representative of real user behavior because humans have a diverse set of interests. But even some of our accounts with diverse interests rabbit holed. We showed our data and many of the videos seen by kentucky_96 to Chaslot. - What we see on TikTok is a bit the same that what we saw on YouTube. So basically, the algorithm is detecting that this depressing content is useful to create engagement and pushes depressing content. So the algorithm is pushing people towards more and more extreme content, so it can push them toward more and more watch time. - [Narrator] TikTok also says it allows you to see less of something by selecting the Not Interested button but Chaslot says that's not enough. - The algorithm is able to find the piece of content that you're vulnerable to, that will make you click, that will make you watch but it doesn't mean you really like it and that it's the content that you enjoy the most. It's just the content that's the most likely to make you stay on the platform. - [Narrator] Our bots only escaped rabbit holes when we changed their viewing interests. When we told one bot to stop watching videos about ADHD, the algorithm cut back on that content. Still, many of The Journal's bots were rapidly pushed deep into rabbit holes. TikTok learned our bots' most far-flung interests, like astrology, but even bots with general mainstream interests got pushed to the margin as the recommendations got more personalized and narrow. Bots with a interest in sexual content wound up way out here watching hashtag #kingtok videos about sexual power dynamics. And our bot with a general interest in politics wound up being served videos about election conspiracies and QAnon. - Impeach Biden and Kamala. It goes from the House to the Senate. - [Narrator] Deep in the niche worlds of TikTok, users are more likely to encounter potentiality harmful content that is less vetted by moderators and violates the app's terms of service. - [TikToker] Make them angry and sad. They would be so much happier without you. that the company catches a lot of banned content, which passes through both computer analysis and human moderators. It also reviews videos reported by users. - [TikToker] Don't tell them goodbye, just go. - [TikToker] It's not my time. Pew. (TikToker laughing) - [Narrator] There's a lot of fun, silly and life-affirming content on TikTok. (TikToker screaming) But while TikTok can draw out what makes you laugh. (TikToker humming) It can also make you wallow in your darkest box. - Turning the pain from mental to physical works. - [Narrator] Without ever needing to eavesdrop on you or collect any personal information about you. - I've never attempted suicide or anything. I've never let it get that far. - Whether it's on TikTok, on Facebook, on YouTube, we're interacting with algorithms in our everyday life more and more. We are training them and they're training us. So we have to study this so we understand it better and we don't let it go in directions that are harmful to society or to certain groups of people.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagassvensson [9 likes]: Delete the app and you will instantly feel better.
  2. @khiemvu2672 [3 likes]: Tik Tok just drains your energy with low quality contents. And there are all of things that Tik Tok can foster,  guys.
  3. @TheDictator-b4h [1 likes]: This aged well
  4. @kyla8295 [1 likes]: So dangerous for people who struggle with mental health. Sad to see. I wish there was legislation keeping up with technology.
  5. @euanduthie2333 [1 likes]: Meanwhile. the WSJ serves up a recommended video at the end of this one, talking about their owner's hobby of going to space.
  6. @johnroney2191: the chinese tiktok developers knows its a bot due to the frquency of your finger scrolling up and down. 
a bot will have uniform scrolling patterns on deeper level, not a human
  7. @higherquality: can I CHOOSE what I want to watch?
  8. @AvokadoDj: Si me ví el vídeo 😃
  9. @ZugIslandYachtClub: If it's free, YOU are the product.
Think about that. These social media companies don't charge it's users anything. Yet somehow they're worth billions. Hmmm?
They're worth so much because they sell you. You are their product.

WSJ: Thanks for this video. Especially for the experiment & research described. 
Perhaps you could expand on this line of inquiry: let's see if these apps are actually reading user's private data; contacts, text messages, gallery, email, etc.
To do this you could populate your bots devices with content restricted to a narrow topic. Say, a messy breakup, auto repair, fruit trees, etc...you get the idea.
Then roll the experiment with some virgin bots. Have these bots engage the same content. And then see if there is any difference in what Tic Toc feeds these users.
  10. @joshs3916: So glad I never used/downloaded this app
  11. @texwatter: Hi 👋🏽
  12. @texwatter: Comment
  13. @Worldaffairslover: If you’re complaining about this, then just throw away all technology
  14. @daijiazhang8483: Too many ads :(
  15. @JayAymi: I think its kind of funny how the US gets all hot and bothered when China does the same exact thing that you all have been doing for years with Meta. Get it together.
  16. @fangliu1369: 质量非常高的研究 谢谢
  17. @windiedchannel: Let me edit your video to my video. I want to cut
  18. @f3rn4n2x3str3ll4: Since you were advocating for introspection, consider this:
Every post in social media can be seen as a response to the question “how to be happy?”.
Example: Your friend posts a travel picture. They just say something about what they experienced, in the caption, like: “I spent the whole night up and didn’t feel tired!”. But they were implicitly saying: “I was feeling like my daily routine was narrowing my view of the world and life, so I aimed to expand it with travel. When I traveled, I did all these things and this is how well it served my intended purpose”. Since no one is requesting your friend to be explicit about those 3 components (the problem/goal, the method they used to achieve that goal, and how well it worked) your friend doesn’t explain them explicitly. But everyone should be explicit about them. 
Why?
Because it would help someone else. If someone else had the same goal as you, they could see what worked for you, and if you evaluate that method very positively, they would compare your rating to the rating they give to the method they were trying so far or considering, and may try your method instead. Yes, maybe a “10/10” rating is subjective for everyone, but it would still give some sense of ”objective” measure of effectiveness.
So, everyone can say the components  explicitly, or social media could request you to fill in those 3 components for every post you make, so it’s easier for the software to find all posts that are describing how to reach a given goal, all the methods tried to achieve that goal, and all the ratings.
Now, social media could be designed with those components as the basis of the design. You could just login and search for a goal or create one if yours doesn’t exist, see the methods that exist to achieve that goal, which ones have been tried by people, and how people have evaluated every attempt. They could add nuance or extra details to their numeric review with an extra text field.
I was thinking of what would be the fastest way to implement such a social media nowadays, and my current conclusion is that it can be in a Discord server: each channel can be a goal, each post in a channel is a method, and each reply to a post is a review of someone’s attempt to use that method to reach that goal. Everyone can quickly find methods to try and they can leave their reviews after giving an honest attempt. If the nature of some attempt really requires a person to update their evaluation or append to it, it would be best that they update the same review instead of creating new ones that are harder to link together. What they can do is start a review, grab a link to the reply they just made, and save it as a bookmark so they can come back to it later. I created such a Discord server but haven’t shared it with anyone yet. No reason for it, just doing something else.
More broadly, this system leverages the core of what looking for truth is: if you really want to reach your goal, you want to know what the TRUE method to reach your goal is. Why? Because reality works a certain way. I’m not implying it is a limited way. It just works in some way. You want to operate in the way reality actually works. 
So, when using this system, users are not distracted by prejudices they may have regarding where a method came from. Even though someone may suggest a method that was originally from a tradition, philosophy, body of work, experiment, culture, religion, etc., the method is simply presented as the essence what it is: a standalone method to reach the goal you chose to reach, instead of one part of many others that you must ascribe by to reach the goal someone else tells you you should reach. That is, the prejudice may come from the fact that someone is offering you more than what you need, e.g. “join my culture, do all these things, and then you will get this goal” so you wonder "do I need all that?", and from the fact that someone is offering you to reach a goal that you haven’t chosen yourself that you want to reach, e.g. if someone offers you a method to feel the whole universe as part of you, you may not be sure if you want it when all you want right now is not to feel angry with someone.
What do you think?
  19. @Jess-h2h4w: Thanks WSJ for spreading awareness.
However, can you make a video explaining what an algorithm is? Because many users don't seem to understand how algorithms work.
Thanks
  20. @johanneszwilling: There must be thing in psychology that captures this popular notion of implying malice to the other party, while totally disregarding personal decision making and accountability.

So the algorithm gives you,....what you want. In a way it becomes a mirror of yourself. What possibly else is it supposed to do, …successfully?

Even if it'd magically could give you what you want (your decisions) or need (who decides that if not you), without you wanting to tell it about yourself (privacy), you'd then still find a way to be unhappy about it. 

You're too self-aware and expecting to possibly ever outsource this successfully to a thing or a deity (whilst insisting on specific outcomes).

“Take me for a ride,...I do not wanna pay attention and I will be mad if I don't end up in a place that I kinda like to get to still, but I didn’t tell you about it or did anything in my own capacity.”

It makes sense if you assume people do this to save energy, but still wanna get to places: Lower your guard, be influenced and get mad, once you realise, this ain’t what you want. 

Even IF your assessment is being challenged by counter proposals (a factually malicious algorithm),…yeah, so what, such is life, always has been. You're an equal participant in making the decision to dismiss and push back. It’s a proposal, …where is yours?

Maybe algorithms are the new religion,...outsource that soul-crushing accountability of making consequential decisions and seeing them through.

...worship, worship, vilify, vilify.

You’ve been challenged! You are better and much more capable than this!


You wanna talk and experience something truly, TRULY addictive!!?? 
Self-efficacy/Agency!


(…and for teens there are parents)

- What You Should Know About YouTube's Monetization Update: Kind: captions Language: en - Some YouTubers are completely freaking out right now because of what's getting ready to happen on July 15th. They're worried that all the hard work that they've put into making videos and growing their YouTube channels is all going to go to waste. Because right now, there are posts all over the internet saying things like, "YouTube Will Stop Monetizing "AI-Generated/Low-Effort Videos. "YouTube's New Monetization Policy is Here, "and It's a Game-Changer. "YouTube prepares crackdown on mass-produced "and repetitive videos." There are also a lot of YouTube videos going up mass demonetization. "37% of YouTube Channels Demonetized. "YouTube Policy Ends Faceless AI YouTube Channels." And this has creators who make all kinds of content that uses any type of AI assistance, or maybe they do gaming content where they're not on camera, things like that, asking themselves, "How will the new YouTube monetization roles impact me?" Some creators are even getting discouraged from making content, like this creator who has an accent and uses AI voice that asks, "Should I still work on my channel? "after the recent YouTube update?" Here's what you need to know. Yes, YouTube is making an update, but those videos and posts that you're seeing are completely misleading you. Let me explain. YouTube posted an update in their YouTube Help center that says, "Updates to the YouTube Partner Program "Monetization Policies: "In order to monetize "as part of the YouTube Partner Program, "YouTube has always required creators "to upload 'original' and 'authentic' content. "On July 15th, 2025, YouTube is updating our guidelines "to better identify mass-produced and repetitious content. "This update better reflects "what 'inauthentic' content looks like today." Now, look, in fairness, YouTube is not always the best when it comes to communicating things like this. However, they did respond to a media outlet called Dexerto on X, who claimed, "YouTube is cracking down on unoriginal content "with major monetization changes starting July 15th. "Channels that do not meaningfully transform clips "risk losing monetization. "That includes reaction channels, "compilation pages, and more." Now, in addition to the community notes that were on that post, TeamYouTube, which is the official YouTube support, replied with, "Not exactly. "To clarify, this is a minor update "to our longstanding YouTube Partner Program policies "to help us better identify "when content is mass-produced or repetitive. This type of content has already been ineligible for monetization for years, and is content viewers often consider spam. Now, they posted this back on July 3rd. And since then, a lot of this content, a lot of this posts, a lot of media outlets have ran away with this, and I don't know if it's malicious or if they're just trying to get clicks. I don't know. But this whole thing has gotten so out of control that YouTube's Creator Liaison, Rene Ritchie, had to go and make a video about it to add clarity so that people would know what's going on. This is what he had to say. - If you're seeing posts about a July 2025 update to the YouTube Partner Program monetization policies and you're concerned it'll affect your reaction or clips or other type of channel, well, I'm Rene Ritchie. I'm a creator who works inside YouTube, and here's the deal. This is a minor update to YouTube's longstanding YPP policies to help better identify when content is That's it, that's all. - So if you make faceless YouTube videos, you're fine. If you make gaming videos, you're fine. If you repurpose your long-form content into shorts, you're fine. Even if you make AI content that everything is done with AI but it's put together in a way that isn't mass-produced and not spammy, you're also fine. So as usual, ignore the noise, make sure to subscribe, go make some great videos, and remember, you got this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [5 likes]: I made a very helpful iPhone app for YouTubers. You can see everything it currently has in this video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptrAfkd6riA
  2. @philthelawnman [1 likes]: Youtube wants to change too often.  Let's all take 100% of our viewed videos away from you tube make all of them private. They sell ads on all my videos and stop paying.
  3. @Rkevents8tv [1 likes]: Let me wait to be monetized
  4. @deanbusch2727 [1 likes]: My channel DOC Z was denied, I did aa appeal video, within a couple hours they replied told me  I was denied AGAIN. I write and produce my own stuff its filmed as a series, in 3 videos I got over 30k views over 1300, subscribers and went over the hours of viewing required all in two months, none of my stuff is reused or AI.
  5. @Graceinpixels1: Oh my God I just got the updates after launching my new channel which basically is ai generated. I felt discouraged till I finally met this  video. Thanks, and be blessed ❤❤❤❤
  6. @gromorr: i make 5 seconds puzzle gaming videos will taht be called low effort because there is no editing which is required and what does it mean to me ? my views are good , I wanna keep posting such gaming videos for my channel
  7. @prm4uofficial: Really appreciate you breaking down what's actually changing on July 15th instead of just adding to the panic — the misinformation around monetization updates always spreads faster than the facts. For creators close to the eligibility thresholds, do you know if the new policy affects channels that were already approved, or is it mainly hitting those still trying to qualify? 🤔
  8. @back2the80s: As a viewer I find ai voices annoying. Then Lots of lazy content for clicks. Some even upload unfinished videos that clearly needed editing.
  9. @miekaxiii: Are we going to ignore the fact he’s your twin? 😂 2:44
  10. @tutacat: Nothing changed ;-)
  11. @NattyYouT: Maybe my channel will finally blow up 😅
  12. @demonocus: There is too much ai slop on youtube, i'm glad they are finally doing something about it.
  13. @YogiCecily: This is an awful change because ads are faceless and AI generated, constant and non-authentic.  How will creators create branding now?  Some of my favorite storytelling content is starting to feel like early cable with bad or non-existent intros and unrelated visuals.  Meanwhile adds, the same adds over and over again pop up.  Sigh…
  14. @kittenzoomies0713: YouTube: Demonetizes Innocent Doll Videos 
Also YouTube: Keeps Graphic Content That’s NSFW/NSFL
  15. @maila319: So can I make videos with a TTS voice as long as the script is mine?
  16. @icepicka4000: Wow this is a big news
  17. @ChudKunia: I’ve never seen it explained this way.
  18. @TringTran-d7x: I’m definitely coming back for more.
  19. @fionamehta3340: Lorraine Valentes Alternative Homestead channel has been demonitised this poor lady is a Targeted Individual who looks after animals.. they stopped her income!
She cannot afford to continue looking after her animals who are injured and left with her for help! 
Come on YouTube reinstate her monitary status.!!!
  20. @laytonbatchelor1473: Your hard work really pays off.

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy

- The YouTube Algorithm is Toxic! (Philosophy of Social Media): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys drifter here today I've got a video for you that is a personal topic commentary that doesn't have that much to do with gaming in particular though it does relate to YouTube where obviously you're watching this and probably every single content creator you follow I got the idea because this weekend I went to Six Flags Over Texas with my wife JWoww and choko it was a great idea it was super fun I think we got like a half off discount because it's kind of offseason the lines were short we hit every single major ride in the park and it was a blast however the night before and occasionally on the day of I felt extremely guilty just for being there I felt like I was doing something wrong and that a punishment was incoming because I took a day off and I just sat there occasionally the night before and the day I've just felt like the whole world would crumble around me and I don't want you guys to think had a miserable time to Six Flags is very fun but occasionally these thoughts would come in and kind of hit me so of course while I was there I had to make monetize Twitter videos in order to justify everything and I did and the question that I want to ask you is why is it that the first full day off that I've taken in months made me feel that guilty and the answer is because I have adapted my mind my body my lifestyle and everything to please social media algorithms algorithms are toxic to humans at least mentally toxic and every single social media website now is run primarily by an algorithm you've got YouTube algorithm Facebook algorithm Twitter Instagram pretty much everything that you look at has algorithmic pushes for those of you that don't know algorithms are lines of code that are designed to solve problems somewhere between two lines and a thousand lines or 10,000 depending on the website and in the case of social media the problem they're solving is whether it should or should not push out your content you've probably heard a lot of creators complain about these over time including me I mean my wife got shadow banned on Instagram and somehow I think I'm shadow banned on YouTube now too when I searched modernwarfare my own videos don't even come up which is kind of scary but the point is that the algorithms work hard in the social media space especially someplace monetized like this to try to determine what is to be popular what people are going to watch the longest and what fits advertisers the best the goal ideally is that it when as soon as you turn on your phone it shows you exactly what you want to see you watch it for a long time you enjoy it and the advertisements fit and they they blend in really well and they're interesting and that some percentage of you click on them right and that's how it's supposed to work it generally kind of does but there are problems with it on the human side on the creator side one of those is that every platform has its own rules its own guidelines its own little algorithmic oddities for instance I can post almost anything and monetize it at least a little bit on YouTube but Twitter is super strict and it'll D monetize me for saying the word darn it Instagram generally shows your followers one post per day posting multiple times per day it doesn't often go well YouTube can do three Twitter can do 12 there are certain times a day that do better than others and those times of day are ultimately your deadlines and often times certain hashtags keywords search terms just get more promotion you've got thumbnail psychology to consider and the algorithm even scans your thumbnail to see what's going on there and trends trends are super important not just trends in like gaming and what game is gonna be really pop in but trends and what the algorithm is deciding to promote does it like total views does it like watch time click through rates certain words a lot of stuff is going on here and all of this again is designed to keep users engaged and click ads and the longer they stay on the platform the better but that leads to the question of can content creators keep up with a truly insatiable appetite for more from their audience if you look at this from like economic theory human beings are creatures of unlimited one we always want more more more more MORE and in this case we want more views more content more good stuff binge watching yadda yadda and as a content creator the more you can deliver to this crowd the more you can keep them watching and the better you can do the more successful you will be right I don't think anybody is unaware of that but the answer is basically no because every iteration of a social media algorithm becomes increasingly more engaging and increasingly more pressing on its users psychology so as a user you'll use it longer and longer and expect more and more and your content creators have to make more and more and higher and higher quality and no human being can create enough content to keep up with this demand and maintain a healthy lifestyle as a creator you are always pushed to make more content better content faster content cheaper content trending content every single day which is the most common time the people post or amount of time or multiple times per day and this is just in no way sustainable not just from like a work-life balance but also for your mentality which is where we're gonna move for the rest of this commentary that's the important part of it if you do well at your job and you learn all these things you probably have will have learned more than I have to be honest I'm in the dark around a lot of them but you'll start deciding your content to appeal to the algorithm without even knowing it what you're gonna start doing is you're gonna start trying to replicate things that are successful well this thing is we're successful let's try to make three more that thing is successful let's try to make more let's try to find this trend and push this and this is gonna be really popular and what you as a creator is doing instead of thinking about the things you create the you are being conditioned by an algorithm that rewards you for creating things that the algorithm delivers ads on that satisfies the needs of the view it's kind of crazy so you know you have your viewer psychology and as long as they're satisfied and watching the algorithm notices that it rewards that content then it goes to the Creator which rewards that kind of content from the Creator and it's you end up like the audience moves then the algorithms moved then you move and it just goes around and around and around and it's hyper competitive - and in my opinion human beings really aren't made to work this way we burn out we struggle with falter over time and one of the biggest problems is that there are no off days every single minute of every single day is a time where you could be making money doing videos or doing something every day is an opportunity to just make an absolute banger of a video to get a bunch of subscribers to do a thing so in our quest and for success what we end up doing is just pushing ourselves to do more more more faster faster faster no break no break every single day and most content creators that I know work 365 seven days a week the problem here and then is if you do this for years like I have you will eventually totally forget what off work actually means over time your brain not just consciously but also subconsciously gets geared toward constantly working constantly creating constantly filming no brakes and as soon as a video is done soon as this video is done I have three others I have to work on and Twitter content that I have to plan around twit trends so anytime you take off is time that you're punished financially or algorithmically at this so most of you probably work five days a week you know kind of nine-to-five job or your student or whatever but imagine being punished for taking both days off on the weekend by like being fined money effectively or if not just money then you could be punished for you could be that it's if you took a day off it's gonna show the video two less subscribers the next day or it's gonna push you toward the shadow band zone or your ad rates are gonna go down or your interactions or something that is negative to you just for taking a day to breathe so if I take one day off maybe even just one per year I feel like I'm shooting myself in the foot even though mentally you know I know that and I can work past that and I do take days off I don't post every day anymore but that that internal like feeling in my heart is there it makes me nervous it makes me wonder what kind of algorithmic punishment will be coming my way for this I I worry what I could have done today instead what I should have done what other people would be doing and I do get that this kind of attitude can apply to almost everybody that is Oh self-employed or overworked and you know there are some bad workaholics out there and I get that the difference is though that with social media it's not necessarily a hundred percent just you chasing your own success so a self-employed person they think you know the more they work the more they make something like that's sort of toxic in its own right but they're being guided by market factors what we're being guided by here is an algorithm that is designed to please human beings we are here to pump endorphins into kids in the gaming space and that's kind of it so you're always chasing this which is effectively chasing human beings unlimited desire for those of you that took economy 101 you're probably familiar with that and no person is infinite not one single person on this planet is infinite or perfect or forever and there are consequences for trying to achieve this type behavior or success and I can't even blame the businesses for it like I could say YouTube's evil and Facebook and Instagram and these people they're just like terrible and trying to take over the world but no business is realistically going to design something that's worse or less engaging personally if I was in charge I wouldn't I would be making the same decisions to keep my audience engaged as much as possible and I especially wouldn't be worried about it where as soon as one person is done there's another person willing to step in and chase it down if I were to die tomorrow there would be three people willing to just jump right in and do what I do and take my place without any concern whatsoever and because of that the platform's have no need to be concerned over their creators the problem is probably not even that many of them know about so despite all the negativity in this video I don't want you to think like I'm quitting YouTube or I'm giving up or I'm too good for this or that this it's a tragedy my life playing video games is terrible I can't do it anymore but rather it was just something that was on my mind I it took me a little while to realize why I felt so guilty for having fun why it felt so bad to do something right for me instead of for this channel and it made me a little bit in perspective and think about myself and I think that every single content creator that you follow every streamer every gamer every makeup and beauty tutorial person every toy review person they're all probably stuck in some phase of this cycle I'm still stuck in this cycle I mean it may even make being aware of it making this video doesn't help me escape I'm still there and most of the people you follow are as well and at the end of the day what I hope that you guys get out of this is an understanding of perspective on your own life and what systems you adapt yourself to now not everybody's going to do social media content creation or whatever we all do all sorts of different things in our life from academics to construction workers and doctors and poachers and anti poachers those weird examples and everything in between but ultimately we work inside of systems and we kind of try to maximum these systems to get like optimal gain for ourselves and you need to be aware of the system that you're in and what it's built for and its maximum capacity and what it's capped at and what it kind of wants you to do and who you're really pleasing and kind of all these levels all the way up so that you know what you're getting into and also so that you know who you will become because the longer you do a thing the more likely you are to become that thing even a good person who does bad things for long enough will eventually become a bad person in the same kind of way that a person like me who chases algorithms long enough becomes at least partially subconsciously in tune or a part of this algorithm which is it's insane it's crazy and scary in a different way so be mindful of what you attach yourself to and what goals you're chasing in a certain system guys I hope you enjoyed this video I hope you learned something useful if you did don't forget to Like favorite and subscribe Drifter out

  Top Comments:
  1. @thelolguy7 [1 likes]: I used to be subscribed to you but for some reason in the past I unsubscribed. Yesterday I came across your channel again and today I saw this video. This video has some deep life lessons in it and I really liked the video because of you being so transparent on this topic and informative. I also checked out your other recent vids and I don't even really know why I ever did unsubscribe lol. anyway, you've got me subscribed again and keep doing what you do. much love :)
  2. @MrMada39 [1 likes]: is driftor a cyborg now? lol
  3. @mr.x1897: Hell yeah. YouTube Is like a Big Brother that you want to punch on the face
  4. @vylbird8014: Question: Why do so many content creators fill the emptiness of their videos with video game footage? Is there some algorithmic trick, where video game footage gets ranked higher?
  5. @rockinrollinntrollin616: blah blah ...get to the point  DUMBSHIT !!!! & after a long time you start by stating an  algorithm is a problem solving entity ....bBUT BUTTHEAD you are  ONLY CONCENTRATING ON YOUR OWN BULLSNIT !
  6. @laughingskull3881: reminds me of 1800s britain during the industrial revolution
  7. @BurnzeDae: I am shadow banned 😔
  8. @SovereignSinner8148: Wow! This is scary to hear, very introspective and mature video, i need to take a break from this platform for a bit lol! Good stuff Drift0r
  9. @rugoshath: Interesting content
  10. @jaydenray6656: 7:13... gotta do better brother
  11. @City970: Is your hair green ?
  12. @RubyRoks: The solution sounds simple to me. Stockpile videos. make time for half a work week to record, use the other half to edit, upload everything Saturday morning and schedule it all for the following week. You'd at LEAST get A day to not have anything to do with work. It'd be easier with multiperson productions, i.e Linus Tech Tips, Rooster Teeth, etc. but it's not impossible to do solo
  13. @SmokingDodo: It’s weird how I enjoy your least viewed content on non gaming stuff lol. Like the scary personal stories you used to share I enjoyed those videos a lot lol
  14. @sackofpotatoes8902: feeling guilty because you took a day off  is symptom of capitalism linking self worth with productivity. its gross
  15. @electoblaze: As someone who is self employed selling on eBay, I know exactly the feeling you describe. “Every day is a chance to make more money” since when you stop working, cash stops coming in, and you’re page loses momentum. (eBay also has a pretty grueling “algorithm” as in they will throttle down your sales if you stop listing new items for sale.) It’s not uncommon for me to work for over 10 days straight. Definitely not a 4-5 day work week.
  16. @MC-gj8fg: Welcome to how most people with a regular career feel when on vacation.
  17. @gtwarrior4221: In the future youtube will be randomly generated
  18. @zZ5uPeRMaNZz: I'm new to your channel, pretty much since MW came out and you started making in-depths, and I can see the difference in your attitude when making in-depths vs making what you want to make, and I love to see that. If you take a break you can be confident that I'll be here when you come back and I think there's a lot of people here that agree. Mental health comes first!
  19. @SafetyFooT: Very much appreciate the peek behind the curtain!  Thank you
  20. @Sheikah_Architect: The worst part is that all the big social media companies are left-leaning and have no problem rewriting the definition of 'hate speech' to censors whoever they want.

- Algorithmic Bias and Fairness: Crash Course AI #18: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I’m Jabril and welcome back to CrashCourse AI. Algorithms are just math and code, but algorithms are created by people and use our data, so biases that exist in the real world are mimicked or even exaggerated by AI systems. This idea is called algorithmic bias. Bias isn’t inherently a terrible thing. Our brains try to take shortcuts by finding patterns in data. So if you’ve only seen small, tiny dogs, you might see a Great Dane and be like “Whoa that dog is unnatural” This doesn’t become a problem unless we don’t acknowledge exceptions to patterns or unless we start treating certain groups of people unfairly. As a society, we have laws to prevent discrimination based on certain “protected classes” (like gender, race, or age) for things like employment or housing. So it’s important to be aware of the difference between bias, which we all have, and discrimination, which we can prevent. And knowing about algorithmic bias can help us steer clear of a future where AI are used in harmful, discriminatory ways. INTRO There are at least 5 types of algorithmic bias we should pay attention to. First, training data can reflect hidden biases in society. For example, if an AI was trained on recent news articles or books, the word “nurse” is more likely to refer to a “woman,” while the word “programmer” is more likely to refer to a “man.” And you can see this happening with a Google image search: “nurse” shows mostly women, while “programmer” mostly shows mostly men. We can see how hidden biases in the data gets embedded in search engine AI. Of course, we know there are male nurses and female programmers and non-binary people doing both of these jobs! For example, an image search for “programmer 1960” shows a LOT more women. But AI algorithms aren’t very good at recognizing cultural biases that might change over time, and they could even be spreading hidden biases to more human brains. t’s also tempting to think that if we just don’t collect or use training data that categorizes protected classes like race or gender, then our algorithms can’t possibly discriminate. But, protected classes may emerge as correlated features, which are features that aren’t explicitly in data but may be unintentionally correlated to a specific prediction. For example, because many places in the US are still extremely segregated, zip code can be strongly correlated to race. A record of purchases can be strongly correlated to gender. And a controversial 2017 paper showed that sexual orientation is strongly correlated with characteristics of a social media profile photo. Second, the training data may not have enough examples of each class, which can affect the accuracy of predictions. For example, many facial recognition AI algorithms are trained on data that includes way more examples of white peoples’ faces than other races. One story that made the news a few years ago is a passport photo checker with an AI system to warn if the person in the photo had blinked. But the system had a lot of trouble with photos of people of Asian descent. Being asked to take a photo again and again would be really frustrating if you’re just trying to renew your passport, which is already sort of a pain! Or, let’s say, you got a cool gig programming a drone for IBM… but it has trouble recognizing your face because your skin’s too dark… for example. Third, it’s hard to quantify certain features in training data. There are lots of things that are tough to describe with numbers. Like can you really rate a sibling relationship with a number? It’s complicated! You love them, but you hate how messy they are, but you like cooking together, but you hate how your parents compare you... It’s so hard to quantify all that! In many cases, we try to build AI to evaluate complicated qualities of data, but sometimes we have to settle for easily measurable shortcuts. One recent example is trying to use AI to grade writing on standardized tests like SATs and GREs with the goal to save human graders time. Good writing involves complex elements like clarity, structure, and creativity, but most of these qualities are hard to measure. So, instead, these AI focused on easier-to-measure elements like sentence length, vocabulary, and grammar, which don’t fully represent good writing… and made these AIs easier to fool. Some students from MIT built a natural language program to create essays that made NO sense, but were rated highly by these grading algorithms. These AIs could also potentially be fooled by memorizing portions of “template” essays to influence the score, rather than actually writing a response to the prompt, all because of the training data that was used for these scoring AI. Fourth, the algorithm could influence the data that it gets, creating a positive feedback loop. A positive feedback loop basically means “amplifying what happened in the past”… whether or not this amplification is good. An example is PredPol’s drug crime prediction algorithm, which has been in use since 2012 in many large cities including LA and Chicago. PredPol was trained on data that was heavily biased by past housing segregation and past cases of police bias. So, it would more frequently send police to certain neighborhoods where a lot of racial minority folks lived. Arrests in those neighborhoods increased, that arrest data was fed back into the algorithm, and the AI would predict more future drug arrests in those neighborhoods and send the police there again. Even though there might be crime in neighborhoods where police weren’t being sent by this AI, because there weren't any arrests in those neighborhoods, data about them wasn’t fed back into the algorithm. While algorithms like PredPol are still in use, to try and manage these feedback effects, there is currently more effort to monitor and adjust how they process data. So basically, this would be like a new principal who was hired to improve the average grades of a school, but he doesn’t really care about the students who already have good grades. He creates a watchlist of students who have really bad grades and checks up on them every week, and he ignores the students who keep up with good grades. If any of the students on his watchlist don’t do their homework that week, they get punished. But all of the students NOT on his watchlist can slack on their homework, and get away with it based on “what happened in the past.” This is essentially what’s happening with PredPol, and you can be the judge if you believe it’s fair or not. Finally, a group of people may mess with training data on purpose. For example, in 2014, Microsoft released a chatbot named Xiaoice in China. People could chat with Xiaoice so it would learn how to speak naturally on a variety of topics from these conversations. It worked great, and Xiaoice had over 40 million conversations with no incidents. In 2016, Microsoft tried the same thing in the U.S. by releasing the Twitterbot Tay. Tay trained on direct conversation threads on Twitter, and by playing games with users where they could get it to repeat what they were saying. In 12 hours after its release, after a “coordinated attack by a subset of people” who biased its data set, Tay started posting violent, sexist, anti-semitic, and racist Tweets. This kind of manipulation is usually framed as “joking” or “trolling,” but the fact that AI can be manipulated means we should take algorithmic predictions with a grain of salt. This is why I don’t leave John-Green-Bot alone online… The common theme of algorithmic bias is that AI systems are trying to make good predictions, but they make mistakes. Some of these mistakes may be harmless or mildly inconvenient, but others may have significant consequences. To understand the key limitations of AI in our current society, let’s go to the Thought Bubble. Let’s say there’s an AI system called HireMe! that gives hiring recommendations to companies. HireMe is being used by Robots Weekly, a magazine where John-Green-bot applied for an editorial job. Just by chance, the last two people named “John” got fired from Robots Weekly and another three “Johns” didn’t make it through the hiring process. So, when John-Green-Bot applies for the job, HireMe! predicts that he’s only 24% likely to be employed by the company in 3 years. Seeing this prediction, the hiring manager at Robots Weekly rejects John-Green-bot, and this data gets added to the HireMe! AI system. John-Green-Bot is just another “John” that got rejected, even though he may have been the perfect robot for the job! Now, future “Johns” have an even lower chance to be hired. It’s a positive feedback loop, with some pretty negative consequences for John-Green-Bot. Of course, being named “John” isn’t a protected class, but this could apply to other groups of people. Plus, even though algorithms like HireMe! Are great at establishing a link between two kinds of data, they can’t always clarify why they’re making predictions. For example, HireMe! may find that higher age is associated with lower knowledge of digital technologies, so the AI suggests hiring younger applicants. Not only is this illegally discriminating against the protected class of “age,” but the implied link also might not be true. John-Green-bot may be almost 40, but he runs a robot blog and is active in online communities like Nerdfighteria! So it’s up to humans interacting with AI systems like HireMe! to pay attention to recommendations and make sure they’re fair, or adjust the algorithms if not. Thanks, Thought Bubble! Monitoring AI for bias and discrimination sounds like a huge responsibility, so how can we do it? The first step is just understanding that algorithms will be biased. It’s important to be critical about AI recommendations, instead of just accepting that “the computer said so.” This is why transparency in algorithms is so important, which is the ability to examine inputs and outputs to understand why an algorithm is giving certain recommendations. But that's easier said than done when it comes to certain algorithms, like deep learning methods. Hidden layers can be tricky to interpret. Second, if we want to have less biased algorithms, we may need more training data on protected classes like race, gender, or age. Looking at an algorithm’s recommendations for protected classes may be a good way to check it for discrimination. This is kind of a double-edged sword, though. People who are part of protected classes may (understandably) be worried about handing over personal information. It may feel like a violation of privacy, or they might worry that algorithms will be misused to target rather than protect them. Even if you aren’t actively working on AI systems, knowing about these algorithms and staying informed about artificial intelligence are really important as we shape the future of this field. Anyone, including you, can advocate for more careful, critical interpretation of algorithmic outputs to help protect human rights. Some people are even advocating that algorithms should be clinically tested and scrutinized in the same way that medicines are. According to these opinions, we should know if there are “side effects” before integrating AI in our daily lives. There’s nothing like that in the works yet. But it took over 2400 years for the Hippocratic Oath to transform into current medical ethics guidelines. So it may take some time for us to come up with the right set of practices. Next time, we have a lab and I’ll demonstrate how there are biases in even simple things like trying to adopt a cat or a dog. I’ll see ya then. Speaking of understanding how bias and misinformation spread, you should check out this video on Deep Fakes I did with Above the Noise -- another PBSDS channel that gets into the research behind controversial issues. Head over to the video in the description to find out how detect deep fakes. Tell them Jabril sent you! Crash Course AI is produced in association with PBS Digital Studios! If you want to help keep all Crash Course free for everybody, forever, you can join our community on Patreon. And if you want to learn more about prejudice and discrimination in humans, you can check out this episode of Crash Course Sociology.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jeremiah_ray [247 likes]: WGU Students 🙋🏽‍♂
  2. @kajmeijer611 [14 likes]: there's great talent in simplifying complicated things and you've got it man 🙌🏼
  3. @frankie3778 [8 likes]: Hideously relevant rn
  4. @hlam2364 [5 likes]: Algorithms like when YouTube give some video an ❌ to demonetized the video when it is talking about the truth.
  5. @TaylorChildAkaWeapon [4 likes]: Such a great video, thanks for the crash course!
  6. @Kalaphant [3 likes]: 0:50 I was not expecting to get a lesson about discrimination when I clicked on a CCAI video XD
  7. @GrayBlevins [3 likes]: Ai dumb
  8. @asergb [3 likes]: microsoft's fault for putting up a bot in twitter. if they put the bot somewhere else, it would probably have been better lmao
  9. @jacobcase587 [2 likes]: Great video!
  10. @Randomfun4life [2 likes]: Been struggling to focus lately, and I couldn't stop staring at the insanely huge size of his beanie. I must say though, once I was able to focus, the video is very well put together video. Thank you!
  11. @Kalaphant [2 likes]: 7:05 Some of them are funny lol.
  12. @ValeriaGasik [2 likes]: Very informative! Thank you! :)
  13. @dev_apostle [2 likes]: hey this guy's ai channel on youtube is great! He always puts out great content
  14. @Kalaphant: 4:10 XD
  15. @Kalaphant: 1:40 YES
  16. @Kalaphant: I actually read about a way that a fill in the blank tool was able to not assume gender stereotypes, even tho the training data has a lot
  17. @Kalaphant: 0:05 Actually, they're sets of moves on a Rubik's Cube!

(R U R' F' R U R' U' R' F R2 U' R' is a Jb Perm, for example.)
(And yes I have the moves memorized.)
  18. @12vLife: Such an  important topic.  Here in the US where we are so divided and they use fake news to wag the dog. Arguments never end in anything that remotely looks like a concession or understanding.  How can we define the most basic logic for identifying bias,  closed minded thinking and malice?  It would be so powerful to have an AI that both sides agree will decide which argument holds more merit and truth.  I also imagine the AIs of tomorrow will never be fully trusted and we need  public panels of citizens raising flags and regulating them and this will be the greatest exposure for hackers to corruption.
  19. @charm-l6s: 2:25 is there anybody knows the title of article?
  20. @mark_tilltill6664: AI has the power to destroy peoples lives. It has no conscience.

- Algorithmic Bias in AI: What It Is and How to Fix It: Kind: captions Language: en The more we use AI algorithms to discover patterns, to generate insights and just to help us make decisions, the more we should be concerned with the impact of algorithmic bias. What is it and how can we minimize it? Well, let's find out. Algorithmic bias can lead to harmful decisions and actions, causing machine learning algorithms to produce unfair or discriminatory outcomes. It's something we want to avoid. So let's take a look at the causes of algorithmic bias, some real world examples and mitigation strategy, and let's get started with causes. Now algorithmic bias is not necessarily caused by the AI algorithms themselves, but by how data is collected and coded. We can think of this in terms of four different causes. Now, the most obvious is biases that occur in the actual training dataset itself. Essentially, we're talking about bad data. That's data that's non-representative or lacks information or is in some other way a misrepresentation of the ground truth. It can also be data that is incorrectly classified, causing the algorithm to misunderstand what the data represents, and a little bad data can go a long way. AI systems that generate biased results may use those results as input data for further decision making, and while that creates a feedback loop that can reinforce this bias over and over again. Now, another cause, of algorithm, of algorithmic bias is really related to algorithmic design. So this is talking about programing errors such as an eye designer unfairly weighting factors in the decision making process. They can unknowingly transfer into the system some of those biases, where it might be developers that might embed the algorithm with subjective rules based on their own conscious or unconscious biases. Poor algorithmic design that can also lead to correlation bias, such as an algorithm that determines a causal relationship between increased shark attacks and higher ice cream sales. Hey, they're both higher in the summer, but that's correlation, not causation, and an example of where the model failed to consider other factors in the data that may be of more importance. We can also have biases in proxy data as well. What's proxy data? Well, that's data used as a stand in for attributes not available in the ground truth data. So things like race or gender. And that could be because they're in some way protected or they just plain unavailable. For example, zip codes often serve as proxies for social economic status, that might unfairly disadvantage particular demographic groups when evaluating applications or opportunities. And there's also biases in evaluation as well. How we interpret the results from an algorithm. So even if the algorithm is completely neutral and it's completely data driven, how an individual or how a business applies the algorithms output can lead to unfair outcomes depending on how they understand those outputs. Now there are a bunch of real world examples of algorithmic bias. Look, I'm not here to name and shame, but let's briefly discuss a few high profile ones, like biases that have occurred in recruitment. Now an IT company built an algorithm, and that algorithm could review resumes. Unfortunately, they discovered this algorithm systematically discriminated against female job applicants. Why? Well, developers are training the hiring algorithm, use resumes from past hires, and it turns out that those past hires were predominantly male. As a result, the algorithm favored keywords and characteristics found in men's resumes. For example, the algorithm downgraded resumes that included the word women, as in women's rugby team, and it favored the kind of words that men tend to use more often, such as captured and executed. Now, algorithms, they also play a big role in guiding decisions in the area of finance. In the financial services sector and algorithmic bias here can have severe consequences for people's livelihoods, as historical data can contain all sorts of demographic biases affecting things like creditworthiness and loan approvals. For example, a study from the University of California, Berkeley showed that an AI system for mortgages routinely charges minority borrowers higher rates for the same loans when compared to white borrowers. And look, I could go on AI image generator, for example, where generated images of people in specialized professions found biases related to gender and age, or how bias in pricing led to ride sharing algorithms charging more for drop offs in neighborhoods with high nonwhite populations, or how policing algorithms in Columbia reflected social biases that misrepresented forecasted criminal activity, but how about we instead use the remaining time to figure out the steps that we can take to reduce algorithmic bias? Now mitigating bias from AI systems, that starts with AI governance. Many of the guardrails that make sure air tools and systems are safe and ethical. So let's take a look at four ways to do that across the system lifecycle. And first up is diverse and representative data. Machine learning is only as good as the data that trains it. Data fed into machine learning models must be representative of all groups of people and reflected of the actual demographics of society. Unlike, say, a training data set filled with only male resumes, but good representative data is just the start. There should also be a system for ongoing bias detection and that can detect and correct potential biases before they create problems. Now, that could be through initiatives like impact assessments, algorithmic auditing and causation tests. Remember sharks and ice cream? Now, this is where human in the loop processes can help, where recommendations be reviewed by humans before a decision is made final. Now the outputs of AI algorithms can often be something of a black box, making it difficult to understand their outcomes. So transparent AI those systems document and do their best to explain the underlying algorithms methodology. Now, to be clear, this is still an emerging field, but advances are being made in AI interpretability, which goes some way to explaining how algorithms arrive at their outcomes. And then finally, we have inclusive AI, which means developing AI systems where the developers, where the data scientists, where the machine learning engineers are varied racially, economically, by education level, by gender, by job description and all sorts of other demographic metrics This will bring different perspectives to help identify and mitigate biases that might otherwise go unnoticed. The fact is that algorithmic bias has many causes, and as AI becomes more prevalent in decision making, the importance of detecting and mitigating these biases only grows. If you have any questions, please drop us a line below. And if you want to see more videos like this in the future, please like and subscribe. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KavyanshPandey-l7d [21 likes]: This is becoming the best channel for learning AI ML stuff
  2. @wernerjacobs3282 [3 likes]: Good job, explaining all these concepts really clearly
  3. @gamesstreams9165 [1 likes]: Just base words
  4. @NK-ne9uf [1 likes]: Cry harder lmao
  5. @gonzaortin739 [1 likes]: Truth is, you cant get rid of sample bias. Ai can improve, that is true, but I dont see current technology going as far as they say we’ll get. I know they must have hidden tech, but I see pretty hard problems to be solved to get to AGI, and I wonder if we will ever get there, when we still cant solve simple questions like identifying a rule for prime numbers. Maybe there is no rule for prime numbers, and maybe there is no possible AGI. We still dont know. The only thing I know is people usually overtalk to get attention and profit from that.
  6. @phillip9245: Most impressed by his ability to write backwards
  7. @quickstrike209: Don't blame it on AI blame it on the programmer
  8. @mel_in_Mi: It can't be fixed. I've been trying for years.
  9. @PeterKluth: OMG it's the brulosophy guy. I never expected to see the beer brewing dude talking about algorithmic bias.
  10. @marpartyvids: Money and advertising cause bias the leaders control as usual 😂
  11. @CrispinCourtenay: Some of this bias is warranted, eg. driving into a sketchy part of town. Without a financial incentive, there would be little interest in doing so, safer areas that paid the same would be the first choice. Zip code, profession, employer make a difference, either from a human ranking or human trained AI. I would strongly recommend against over correcting here.
  12. @historia_tego_swetra: so, women don't use 'executed'? :D come on, that's idiotic
  13. @debojitmandal8670: You forgot to mention one thing there is something called prompt engineering and there you can make the AI biased by giving it some special instructions for example is Arunachal Pradesh part of India and as per AI it's clearly biased of not giving a correct answer not to be hostile to other Nation there are AI bots that just clearly says that they don't have the answer for that even though the data was trained on English data and it's abundantly available and the data actually contains this information. So it's not completely true that the AI is biased because of the reasons you have mentioned below.
  14. @sherpya: can't stripping demographic terms from data improve bias problems?
  15. @Sofiia-Fradynska_IT-Lawyer: Thank you for interesting videos re AI & ML.
  16. @thesimplicitylifestyle: “I’m not bad, I was just interpreted that way.” 

- Bad Data

😁

😎🤖
  17. @ruliad-symphony: chainlink AI+Blockchain to solve this
  18. @takeda0123: More I get to use and kind of understand current state of AI, more I can't help but think it mimics human development/traits very closely.  It adds flavors to different AI.  That keeps it interesting.  But at the same time, as we will be getting into pitting my AI against your AI, it won't be any different from nations against nations, people against people, and civilizations against civilizations.  Let the winner takes all.
  19. @mohammeddgtl: Indian Gov Is Creating An AI Model and Every Soul from India Knows How Much It's Going To Be Biased!
  20. @coreyleath4662: So does K means and Gradient Boosting regression have Algorithmic Biases?

- Tech Bias and Algorithmic discrimination | Courtney Thomas Jr. | TEDxRochester: Kind: captions Language: en Since the 2016 election, there's been a lot of interest about what algorithmic discrimination is. And over the last year, I've had the opportunity to research how and when technological bias affects our daily lives and our social norms as a Kauffman Entrepreneurial Scholar at the University of Rochester. Algorithmic discrimination has the power to reinforce our innate prejudices and causes us to view the world in a divided context. The key is it can do this on such a wide scale and at such a rapid pace. Discrimination primarily manifests itself through the data that we use, the inputs that we allow computers to actually consider, and through the perpetuation of this black-box scenario, where we don't really know what the computer is doing to actually give us the answers to the questions we ask. But before we touch on those topics, it's important to make a relevant distinction in our conversation. Algorithms are not discriminatory, but they do produce the effect of discrimination. You see, all of us as humans are inherently biased. And our biases are completely natural, they're A-OK, but they do lead to cognitive bias, which is a systematic error in the way that we think about the world and treat the people in it. How many of you have little ones? You're not You're not proud of your little ones? There you go. I have little siblings, too. And I'll be the first to tell you that computers learn like kids. Just as we show our little ones how to go to the laboratory or the restroom over and over and over and over and over, and hope that they get it one day and go on their own. AI is very similar. We teach computers about inputs, and we show it what we want it to do over and over and over, and over and over and over. And eventually, the computer recognizes the input and acts upon it without a prompt. Easy, right? But a lot of computer scientists argue that methods like this and data mining eliminate human biases from AI decision-making processes. But an algorithm is only as good as the data that it uses and the data that it learns from. We're all familiar with that moment in life where we hit our toe against something and end up exclaiming something profane. If you do that in front of your little one, now they have a new favorite vocabulary word. That's because our speech is an input. And just as children mirror our behaviors, AI does, too. Even more so. AI takes our preferences as inputs and uses it to actually mimic our biases. It's not something that we actually want in our lives. See, some data is not good. Which essentially means it's imperfect, and it's imperfect in a way that allows the algorithms to inherit the biases of previous decision-makers. Training data can be imperfect in ways where it's not reflective of reality. It doesn't represent the context that we live in. For example, if a deep learning tool was shown more light-skinned faces than dark-skinned faces, then the resulting facial recognition system would inevitably be worse at recognizing dark-skinned faces. At the same time, this training data could also be representative of reality. And it can reflect the wide-scale biases that we have in society today, and that continues to persist. In this case, Amazon found its internal recruiting tool to be dismissing female candidates simply because it was trained with data that favored men over women, and it learned to do the same. Within this example, training data is not the only problem. It's also a problem of how the data was prepared. This includes considering what attributes of a candidate's application you want the AI or the algorithm to actually consider in its decision-making process. In the case of Amazon's recruiting tool, a candidate's gender, education level, years of work experience could all be considered attributes. This process of deep learning, choosing what attributes are considered and which are ignored, is oftentimes the most direct path to digital discrimination. An indirect path is also in the framing of our intent. Many times when computer scientists make algorithms, they're not thinking about unicorns and rainbows. They're thinking about what they want the actual model to achieve. If a credit card company might want to assess creditworthiness of a customer, but creditworthiness is a very nuanced concept. And in order to translate it into terms that the computer can actually understand, we dilute the holistic concepts that should be considered and turn those into objective statements like maximize profit. But if an AI found out that issuing subprime loans was an efficient way to maximize profit, then now our AI would be engaging in predatory behavior. Also something don't want. So again, I need your hands. For those of you have little ones, have you ever come home and figured that your little one has acquired a new skill? Right? Something that you have not taught them. Even though the skill might be entertaining and might be even helpful, you still have to ask that question of how'd you learn that? Or where did you get that from? Similar to cognitive heuristics and taking those mental shortcuts, we as humans are also just innately interested in the process of things. Sometimes we're not fortunate enough to know the process of things. And when our AI is engaging in predatory behaviors. A key challenge and a key barrier in the integration of AI into our daily lives is this lack of trust. And that's perpetuated through this black-box scenario, where we don't know how computers are actually making the decisions that we ask it to. If people don't know how decisions of their daily lives are being made, they ultimately won't trust it. This will lead to people who are already in marginalized groups having to face a new form and a new catalyst of oppression. In fact, lack of trust is at the core of one of the best-known AI failures, IBM's Watson for Health, specifically Watson for oncology. Watson was tasked with the duty of helping physicians diagnose cancer patients. And when Watson contrasted with that of the physicians, they simply thought that Watson was wrong. And even when Watson's results aligned with that of the physicians, they were offered confirmation, but not any help with the actual diagnosis. Both of these are because Watson's diagnosing algorithm was proprietary, and it was unexplainable. This lack of trust between the physicians and the AI led to physicians and doctors flat-out complaining about Watson and not seeing seeing it as a tool, but rather something that was hindering the medical For those who depend on medical technology, those in rural communities with limited access to health care, this lack of mistrust is insidious. Currently, there's little oversight and transparency when it comes to the working of algorithms. Now, with this lack of oversight, there's not any parameters for us to really work in or any regulations. There's no standard that's been set. Case in point, we allow algorithms to be a major factor in the decisions that affect our daily lives. Algorithms are sending people to jail and getting it wrong. In courtrooms and correctional facilities all across the United States, we use algorithms to assign defendants risk factors or risk score. And that can range anywhere between how likely a defendant is to show up for their court date to likelihood of them committing another crime. This lack of transparency in how this risk factor is assigned has real consequences. In the case of Wisconsin versus Loomis, defendant Eric Loomis was found guilty of his role in a drive-by shooting. He was assigned a high-risk score by a proprietary black-box algorithm and risk assessment tool called Compas. Loomis decided to appeal his verdict because there was no information on how the algorithm was actually deciding that he was a high-risk factor. And the state of Wisconsin went against his appeal. They did this on the grounds of saying that knowing the output of an algorithm is sufficient enough to be used in the courtroom. Not the input, not the attributes that the algorithm considered, but just the output. When we consider things like this, we should consider the inputs and the attributes as we just found them to actually be the perpetuants or the propellants of algorithmic In cases like Eric Loomis, where we don't know how the actual the algorithm is actually assigning these risk factors, it becomes a little worrisome to me. That's like putting an expert witness on the stand and not being able to verify their credentials. As a future law student, it matters to me because cases like this become precedent and set the legal parameters for the future of AI. Right now, there's no mechanism that checks AI in the way that the FDA checks new drugs. Last month, Congress did introduce a new bill around algorithmic discrimination, the comprehension of the policy and whether it'll be effective or not is still largely in question. So, yes, there's a lot to algorithmic discrimination, and we've covered a lot. But what can we actually do about it? Well, I'm glad you all asked. Across America, in all of our cities, we have a business scene that is buzzing right now. Especially here in Rochester with startups because of Rochester's size and low cost of living. But in cities across the world, they're providing the infrastructure, the educational resources, and the high-skilled workforce that are required for the tech industry to boom. That means it is on us as the beautiful citizens that make up these cities to require the use of properly sourced data in the development of explainable algorithms. Above all, we must prompt our local leaders to enact policy which safeguards the citizens without stifling creativity. Our awareness of algorithmic discrimination here and now today not only impacts local outcomes, but also again sets that precedent for future decisions of AI. And with that being said, we cannot be voiceless. We cannot be We cannot let this phenomena go unnoticed, and we have to be cognizant of algorithmic discrimination. So, this is technological bias, and this is how it affects our lives. I thank you guys for your time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sunnyy788 [10 likes]: Thank you Courtney Thomas Jr.! This is such an important topic and I wish some people would be more open-minded and critical towards algorithms and tech bias and you are doing an awesome job pushing people towards this direction.
  2. @jasonjones4036 [1 likes]: The fact that there are only 150 views and one, now 2, comments is truly terrifying
  3. @ashivonkarpov277: I am glad people like you are out there. AI is scary but knowing that others are trying to help bring all of this to light is such a relief, thank you for this great video!

- Algorithmic Bias Explained: Kind: captions Language: en algorithms now determine not just the ads you see online or the songs you listen to but whether or not you're granted access to a loan or credit whether you get interviewed on the back of a job application or how much you pay for insurance algorithms are the sets of commands that determine the process or rules our computer follows to achieve a certain goal and they're playing an increasingly significant role in determining the winners and losers in our economy predictions and choices previously made by humans are increasingly being made by algorithms and a new realm of economic power is emerging algorithms offer opportunities to make huge strides in terms of productivity accuracy and insights but they also risk magnifying human bias and error on an unprecedented scale whilst they're often seen as a bastion of objective data-driven efficiency algorithms reflect the values perspectives and biases of the humans who design and shape them whether as coders or as consumers algorithms learned from data generated from human behavior and decisions which means they can reproduce their biases and the inequalities that result from them we've seen algorithmic bias in practice in the case of an Amazon hiring algorithm that learned from previous hiring decisions to markdown applications from women and in search engine results that perpetuate harmful racialized and gendered stereotypes algorithms are already being crafted to determine the price people pay for the same online product or how different neighborhoods are policed and the stakes are only growing at IT PR we argue those making use of machine learning and algorithmic decisions should have a duty of care to ensure their algorithms do not pachu eight historic forms of discrimination or introduced new ones we're calling for the UK government's Center for data ethics and innovation to be given regulatory powers to inspect if and how anti-discrimination measures have been built into algorithms design technology is not destiny we have the power to harness algorithms not just to create greater prosperity but greater justice to

- Challenges with Artificial Intelligence: Algorithmic Bias: Kind: captions Language: en yeah yeah I Sometime I wanna make decision brighton icluod America retention beat on Channel Please inform our personal leave This is war touring Bike

- Chris Hemsworth surprise Australian Weather Report full: Kind: captions Language: en Weekend weather now with Lauren Phillips. Hi los. Hi Beck. I am in scone this morning. I've been telling you all morning I'm in the horse capital of Australia but I was yet to find a horse. So I thought I should hot foot it up to one of the horse studs. And check out the beautiful the beautiful heard you talking about looking for some horses. There's a bunch down here actually which I've noticed in the paddic. What are you doing? Well, we're doing the weather for the Today Show. Um and I often get teased about not having the best presenting skills or pronunciation. You want to help me out? Yeah, let's uh let's mispronounce all of these. All right, cans possible shower 28. Townsville, sunny, good. 28 as well. Sunshine Coast shower or two, 22. So maybe get a rain coat ready there. Brisbane partly cloudy 23. Gold Coast partly cloudy too. 23 as well. Sydney sunny 22. Fantastic. Can partly cloudy 19. No good for Melbourne again. No, Melbourne rain increasing 16. Having a shocker in Melbourne. What about a shout out to our friends in Melbourne who are locked down? Hello all my friends in Melbourne. I'm from Melbourne. I'm a I'm a Victorian, but uh that rain get you get your brolies out as well, I reckon. What do you got here? Adelaide rain at times. Can't tell exactly what time, but there will definitely be rain at some point. 20° Perth sunny 19. Uh Gerald, mostly sunny. 21 mostly. That means there's a bit of cloud around in my weather opinion. No sun at some point. Katha sunny. 36. Nice and warm. Heating up. Slip, slop, slap. Broom, morning fog, then mostly sunny, 33. Ellis Springs, sunny, 33 as well. And Darwin, guess what? Sunny, 34. There you go. Uh, you've made my job job look very easy there. You might just take over. Uh, no. I think you're doing fantastic. Oh, thank you. I might keep my job for another day then. Hey, what are you actually doing up here in Sky? Can I I'm here visiting the guys from Oussie Arc and Wild who are doing some amazing conservation work protecting Australia's ecosystems. Well, I've been living in Baron Bay for the last 10 weeks. Dicky Wilkins was actually up there a few weeks ago to come and get a big exclusive Hollywood coming to town. Downtown Scone is actually where you're going to find them, Dicky. If you want to bump into Chris, this is actually the place. Had an interview with my brother Luke. Apparently, he didn't want to interview me. So, you can't avoid me, mate. I'm everywhere. No, Luke was terrific. He's doing that Bosch and Rocket movie. He's a lovely feller. He's It's going to be a big movie, I think. Saying Luke's Luke's terrific and uh he's very excited about his his big movie. But for you, it must be nice to be back home in Australia for a while. This is probably the longest you've been here for. It is. I've been here all year and and uh it's been fantastic being with the family and laying low and keeping an eye on the horses back there. Well, we know you love your horses, so we should get out, have a gut. What do you reckon? We should. If any escape, we're going to we're going to track them down. So, until then, we'll be standing right here waiting for them to escape. I did tell the guys back in the studio that we were having an interview with someone up here. They thought it was going to be a horse. So, I reckon I reckon I've pulled this one off and I've done a little better than Beck thinking that I was going to find a rogue horse to interview. I'm a little like a rogue horse as well. You know, I'm going to escape here at some point and he'll have to lasso me. Hey, hey, Lo. Thank Chris. He's got a quick question. Thank Chris very much indeed. Tell him he's he's booked and we'll see him same time tomorrow. I've lost my job. They're kicking me off. You're on tomorrow morning. I'm only available for the next 35 seconds. Okay. Unfortunately, you're going to have to keep a We can't afford Fortunately. Unfortunately. Fortunately, you want the job, don't you? I do love my job, guys. I will see you tomorrow, Chris. But you never know who I'm going to find or where I'm going to be. Thanks for joining us, Chris. Let's go ride some horses. Let's do it. Thank you, guys. Thank you very much. We're going riding. Wow. Dicky. Yes. And you're the one who usually comes up with the big names on this show, but you have been trumped. What about that? Chris Hemsworth. Breaking news live. Just just happened to be Did that just happen? I think it might have just happened. Just read the weather. Yeah. On Weekend Today. Weekend Today's Chris Hemsworth reading the weather, ladies and gentlemen. I mean, they said 2020 was bad. No, it's not. It's getting It's getting better all of a sudden, isn't it? Well done, Lauren. Little surprise for the loyal viewers. Wow, I'm a bit hot. Anyway, stay with us. We're back after this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @izazahmed9366 [71 likes]: Guys please do subscribe my channel 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻😊😊
Thanks to all
  2. @TheWay.O [3 likes]: The reporter handled herself far better than I believe both news anchors would have. The one on the left looked like he was having a stroke.
  3. @olaf9093: This Makes sense because for once he reports the weather since his the god of thunder.
  4. @-TheShaun-: I like how he strolls in so casual and just joins the weather report like it's the most normal type of interaction he ever has next to a field of horses. And I think she did a good job at remaining professional under the circumstances. I definitely would not have been able to maintain my composure. My anxiety would have skyrocketed and I'd start making inappropriate jokes out of nervousness. Like, "Where's the other one?" (meaning his brother), "Show us your tits", or "You got no problem with Cap touching your hammer but get all jealous when your ex does? What the Freud is that about?"
  5. @Svendsor: Blondie was mighty jealous :P
  6. @AnnBenjamin-n7r5m: Chris, I never knew. Don't worry. If there were say, 6-12 that made a deal that includes more than are willing to go that route, there will be Justice of God. Though if people were compelled to swear Oaths or make a deal that pledged them and all of their family to the devil, were they compelled to? I have the same question about some of the families of the Middle East. Their Forefathers swore Oaths or made deals that affect the families of the Middle East today. Were they just overzealous or were they compelled by some means? Same thing happened with Charlemange. He and his family were ordered to expand the Roman Empire, then caused to swear Oaths where they were forced to follow an order and forced to do something evil for the ability to carry out the orders. God Loves you and your biological family. It's possible that your family was targeted because of the Gifts of the First Men that you have that you aren't aware of.
  7. @recur9759: The guy she says don't worry about brothers
  8. @HeavenlyDestoryer: That female anchor be like: "it's should be me, not her" 🤣🤣🤣
  9. @rohesilmnelohe: I can almost guarantee that reporter told the Anchor she's friends with CH. She didn't believe it so they set this up to prove it.
  10. @jrafaelperdomo3167: She already knew, it was set up as a surprise for the anchors.
  11. @NissonVang: C'est moi où la journaliste blonde ? Bouffer les lèvres
  12. @hyrulianguardlyfe3952: Some of those cities were not the only places that had a chance of moisture.
  13. @Nox-X9S: The fact that he took the time out of his day to do a full unpaid weather report.
  14. @Max_Maximus_69: the talk overs were really annoying by the crew
  15. @robertfindley921: He's pretty.  Get in line ladies.
  16. @xManYakzx: Who's the reporter
  17. @tonychic: I'm a straight guy and even I think that guy is beautiful.  Holy smokes.
  18. @grandkaiser1: I love how the the reporter is literally gobsmacked.... I didn't need to say anything because their faces gave away everything
  19. @cogboy302: Missed a trick there. Chris should have ended the piece with, "So, me and Lauren are going for a ride now."
  20. @csean: Girl anchor looks like she stopped buffering

- SS2 Góc Cao Khung Thành|Top Corner #111-120  |  HANYANG VS D-LAND: Kind: captions Language: en-US Charge straight into the futsal court's cauldron the arrogant red-haired Seungyu stared in shock he muttered to himself what on earth is this kind of crazy bet just as long as the middle schoolers beat the elementary school kids and they get to use the court for free for a whole year? he smirked and loudly threatened old Gun-heo that if this is a scam then they won't let it slide however the accompanying defender hurried to remind him of a fatal loophole their lineup is missing one person to be able to play a 3-on-3 while Sijun was sweating with anxiety then old Gun-heo stepped forward confidently he burst into a smug laugh and volunteered himself to enter the court to carry the high schoolers' team but wait the sound of leisurely footsteps echoed breaking the atmosphere all eyes turned toward the young man who had just appeared he leisurely stuck a straw into a Fanta bottle calmly wondering why is the court so crowded today old Gun-heo froze sharp eyes immediately recognized the clueless newcomer the fourth wall is about to shake due to the appearance of a monster the camera zoomed in on that calm face the red name tag Nam appeared like a steely affirmation central midfielder captain of the national number one power Dalen FC both the red-haired Seungyu and the defender gaped swallowing hard they couldn't believe their eyes the person standing before them was the greatest ace where the most outstanding talents of Korean youth football gathered Nam smiled and approached he narrowed his eyes and recognized the frizzy blue-haired kid in front of him as the one who bumped into him on the street the other day Sijun jumped and stuttered in confirmation he nodded praising Sijun's memory as good and then mentioned again that Sijun once passed by his training ground Sijun confirmed this was the target he was looking for Nam gave a friendly yet pressuring smile he bowed his head politely introducing his name and school Sijun also bowed shyly introducing himself as a freshman at Kwang Jin being ignored the red-haired Seungyu flew into a rage he craned his neck and screamed reminding them that this is not a neighborhood meeting for greetings he bitterly wondered if the Dalen captain over there would refuse if he asked for a photo together the abrasive attitude of Seungyu was immediately extinguished by Nam's apologetic smile Nam turned to apologize to Sijun for interrupting his game and then with an irresistible demeanor Nam asked for a spot to participate in this match naive Sijun sweat and awkwardly nodded in agreement since his team was missing exactly one person anyway hearing about this golden opportunity the red-haired Seungyu was so excited he forgot his shame he aggressively declared he didn't care just start the match right now whispering in his head after the game I must get his autograph old Gun-heo stood on the sidelines wearing a mask tightly coldly reminding the high schoolers not to change their minds and forbade making excuses if they lose later just because the opponent has a new person the red-haired one's arrogance exploded he smirked declaring that he himself didn't want to hear excuses for them outside of official tournaments this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to rub shoulders with the young legend Nam he was burning with enthusiasm delusional that if they won this match they would naturally rise to become the strongest in the high school world the match rules were finalized by old Gun-heo the team that scores 2 goals first wins the defender Myungcheon nudged his teammate sweating and doubtingly asking if that skinny kid Sijun was really a pillar of Kwang Jin he mocked that even if he retired then the level of Sijun would probably only be equal to him Seungyu laughed sinisterly claiming that if they lost to someone as weak as Sijun today they should all just pack up and quit being players the will for revenge for being kicked off the pitch earlier burned fiercely in the eyes of the two high school elites the tactical board image appeared showing team Seoul Ju facing team Seojun an the match was about to begin from the sideline old Gun-heo's eyes were sharp as a razor locking onto every step of Seojun's run he thoughtfully assessed the slow physical development was making Seojun increasingly mediocre this kid is truly an extremely difficult case to train however the legend had prepared a special remedy specifically for him although Sijun's injury hadn't fully recovered but old Gun-heo was confident the boy had enough strength for a futsal match short-term on the green turf the ball rolled the pace of this 5-on-5 match was dizzyingly fast it was faster than any grass football match with 11 people that Sijun had ever experienced back to the action on the pitch the red-haired Seungyu charged like a hungry beast he tilted his chin to provoke Sijun Gun-heo's script began to take effect Sijun suddenly realized he had been lured into the opponent's defensive area he tried to maneuver but a violent shoulder barge sent Sijun tumbling to the ground crying out in pain the red-haired one easily stole the ball he leaned down with a look of extreme contempt he mocked Sijun for being frail completely clueless about futsal skills and not knowing how to use his body to contest in tight spaces old Gun-heo stood with arms crossed with no intention of stopping the match he wanted Sijun to figure it out himself in this match Sijun's position was set but his role at this moment was miserably faint on a pitch narrow with 10 players moving constantly space was suffocated defenders aggressively intercepted attackers used their whole bodies to shield the ball Gun-heo analyzed this crazy pace would force Sijun's brain to work at full capacity helping him make accurate passes and quicker decisions than ever before this was the most ruthless lesson that the former player gave to his favorite student back to the action on the pitch the red-haired Seungyu stole the ball and sprinted at terrifying speed he arrogantly declared he had played with Myungcheon countless times so the chemistry between the two high school elites was absolute he glided past players effortlessly Sijun's team defense tried to rush out and block but were completely helpless the speed of these high schoolers was truly too superior on the small court then Seungyu dribbled close to the goal he roared arrogantly demanding the goalkeeper come out and surrender and then a thunderous shot was about to be unleashed but wait before the shot could be fired the goalkeeper Gun-heo bravely dove to block with a cold and chillingly precise tackle the uncle knocked the ball away right from the young striker's feet both Seungyu and the defender Myungcheon were speechless gaping in horror Myungcheon shouted in shock look at that uncle's reaction speed after the superhuman block the ball flew out and the one who received it was none other than Sijun as the match pace was tight as a guitar string Nam smiled gently speaking to reassure everyone he leisurely said to just take it slow everyone should play with a happy spirit and relaxed Sijun glanced at the peer his age sweating and thinking it seems this guy still hasn't realized the level of seriousness and intensity of this match Sijun grit his teeth and tried to regain his composure he realized the futsal court was too narrow no passes could be long but had to be short and decisive the ball was circulated from Sijun's feet again a beautiful pass aimed straight at the 5th grader Jihan's position but unfortunately the defender Myungcheon read it and blocked that pass under the goal the goalkeeper Gun-heo leaned on his hands and grumbled irritably this old man was fuming hoping this damn match would end quickly so he'd have an excuse to drag the kid Si Jun out and scold him severely for his terrible through balls the ball fell to Myungcheon's feet just as he was about to dribble swoosh Nam immediately closed in with a menacing aura huge pressure from the Dalen captain descended making Myungcheon flustered losing the ball immediately in utter astonishment and now the spotlight officially shone on the ace Nam glided and charged forward with the ball the red-haired Seungyu bitter and angry rushed to steal it but swoosh he was immediately fooled by an illusion losing his footing and tumbling Myungcheon chased after roaring in helplessness he couldn't understand why a middle schooler could control the ball so freely and mysteriously it was as if the ball was glued to Nam's feet Nam approached the opponent's goal with a regal demeanor he ordered the opposing goalkeeper to come out the goalkeeper frantically dove to block but it was all a trick a perfect feint Nam gently flicked his toe chipping the ball over the goalkeeper's head artistically boom the ball ripped through the net of team Seoul Ju leaving the whole pitch in astonishment and silence a top-class goal the red-haired Seungyu collapsed on the artificial turf drenched in sweat He was driven mad by frustration Clearly, he was also the team's ace Why was the gap so vast from afar Sijun stood frozen His golden eyes shone with extreme admiration This feeling of overwhelming pressure was as if Nam was playing with a bunch of three-year-olds Gun stood before the goal, arms crossed, observing Beneath the mask, the corners of his mouth Curled up; he nodded in praise of the kid's skill This Delen is indeed something else Being the youth league champion wasn't for nothing Amidst the shock-induced silence Nam turned around He raised a hand to scratch the back of his neck Blinking, he gave an innocent, guiltless smile He gently uttered an apology that was Absolutely lethal Sorry about that Clearly, everyone was just playing for relaxation It seems I accidentally got too serious The apology stung the heart The fourth wall Requests a moment of silence One minute for the shattered pride Of the high school elites The scoreboard appeared, mockingly Team Sijun 1, Team Seongju 0 A bloody start for the Hellish training of the weird duo Red-haired Seongju gritted his teeth in anger He screamed in frustration From the rumors in the field He knew well that Nam was someone Who always played at 100% regardless of the opponent The insulting provocation on the field just now Made his pride Completely impossible to swallow In that tense moment, Sijun Suddenly remembered something very important The boy hurriedly turned to call Brother Guni He reported frantically That his school team had a match today So he had to leave early to watch them play Hearing this, Gun nodded Coldly stretching, he declared that if it was that urgent He himself would score And end this long match immediately The high school elites were stunned They frowned Not understanding where that old man Wearing a mask So tightly got such excessive confidence Gun nonchalantly beckoned them Calling them to come and try to steal the ball The red-haired guy, absolutely furious, screamed Demanding his teammates focus all their strength on blocking Nam As for the others on the field, they were just Useless elementary kids Not worth noticing, but suddenly a shadow Glided past with perfect off-the-ball movement None other than Guni Seizing the opportunity, Nam Delivered a short pass that was incredibly decisive and sharp Receiving the ball, Gun was utterly amazed He silently analyzed Clearly, Nam Hadn't planned any tactical coordination beforehand But the processing speed And the reaction of this kid Was truly not that of an ordinary person A wind-piercing pass was launched Gun shot forward like a flash of light across the pitch While dribbling, he muttered proudly The level here is completely Different from the dream world of high school students Then, a thunderous Cannon blast from the legendary boot Slammed straight into the corner of the net Seungyu and Myungcheon stood frozen Sweat poured down their faces They lamented in absolute terror Damn it, that speed And the terrifying reaction of that uncle, how the hell...? As for himself, Uncle Gun was floating with excitement He narcissistically thought to himself, perhaps He should put on his boots And return to professional play to find a suitable challenge The fourth wall announces The imaginary final whistle has blown The scoreboard closed with bitterness Team Sijun 2, Team Seongju 0 The futsal match Which was completely one-sided, had officially ended After being utterly demolished The high school students Dejectedly packed their things to leave Uncle Guni didn't forget to play the strict adult Reminding the kids to quickly clean up the trash on the field Despite the bitterness In a hidden corner, defenders Myungcheon and Seungyu Couldn't suppress their fanboy instincts They secretly held up their phones to take selfies With their idol, Nam A quite comical scene After stealthily taking the photos, the red-haired Seungyu continued to fret, pulling at his ear He complained in frustration that Clearly his original purpose In coming here was to get revenge on the Kwang Jin group But in the end, he only suffered humiliation He couldn't do a damn thing just because Sijun was lucky enough to be teamed up with the monster Nam While grumbling, Seungyu's eyes Suddenly collided with the imposing figure of Gun He broke into a cold sweat That the man possessed A reaction speed That was terrifyingly fast The fastest among anyone he had ever witnessed. Seungyu Curiously turned to ask Myungcheon If he knew any athlete who looked so familiar It seemed he had seen him on TV before Carrying the aura Of someone playing at a world-class professional level Both felt a chill They completely failed to understand why a figure Of that caliber was wandering this private futsal court Gun didn't bother to care He coldly waved them away as if chasing ghosts Telling the defeated army to get out of his sight When the noisy high schoolers had left The atmosphere on the field suddenly dropped Sijun sat gloomily next to two oversized fifth-graders The children sighed sadly Admitting that those high schoolers played too well And they themselves were truly too weak The kids' faces crumpled Fearing that if they continued to play this poorly The coach would be disappointed and abandon them And the dream of going to Europe To play would forever vanish like smoke Sijun, confused and sweating, asked urgently: what do you mean, Europe? The boy Jihan spoke up timidly Accidentally revealing a shocking secret That there is currently a special program Selecting the most excellent elementary school talents Nationwide to be sent to Europe To challenge the youth academies over there More impressively Both of these kids had been honored with selection And just before departure Coach Gun Decided to personally open a Special training course to refine them But now, after the terrible performance just now The two children were falling into a pit of despair Convinced that the golden opportunity had ended Sijun was stunned upon hearing this He suddenly remembered that earlier, Gun Had also seriously warned him Not to underestimate these two kids because they Were in the national top 11 youth players Sijun's genius Brain began to piece the clues together He slowly looked up His gaze fixed on the back of the man Wearing a mask standing in the distance Sijun swallowed and muttered A person with enough qualification and power To teach such outstanding National-level youth talents Just who is this Weird brother? At the same time, Nam leisurely walked over He cheerfully called out "Brother Guni" in a sweet voice With his signature polite smile, he Suggested that since the 5v5 match ended too quickly Would big brother want to stay and play one more Round against him? Gun was startled and surprised But before he could react or open his mouth to refuse, Nam Was like an arrow He bolted straight towards him with the ball Nam smirked and laid out a forced rule: Whoever scores first wins, and of course He would be the one to take the first ball Pushed into a fait accompli Gun looked visibly annoyed, silently complaining That kids these days have too many complicated tricks He clicked his tongue It seemed today he was forced to use this old Worn-out body to teach the brat Delen a lesson in manners The fight for survival truly began. Nam Dribbled forward like a whirlwind sweeping the grass Not flinching at all Gun immediately lowered his center of gravity He lunged in to press like a wild beast In a breathtaking Moment of confrontation, Captain Delen's lips curled up He thought to himself That it seemed he hadn't officially Introduced himself to this kid yet Just as the thought finished, Nam confidently swung his leg for a shot Watching from the touchline, the kids cùng 2 gã cấp BA há hốc mùng kinh hồn bạt việc Saw the terrifying speed and immense power. Myungcheon Broke into a cold sweat, realizing in horror That those two monsters had changed the genre of the story How the hell was this still a school sports manga? This had become a sci-fi action movie Facing Gun's aggressive tackle Nam wasn't frightened at all Instead, he gave an extremely satisfied smile; every Doubt in his head had been completely Cleared. In a whisper just loud enough to be heard He gently uttered a name that made Gun's entire body Turn to stone Everything has been Revealed through your style of play Gun of FC Liverpool Called by his real name from his golden era Gun was startled and froze His eyes widened in horror He instinctively whipped his head back to question How did you know? Boom! Waiting for just a split second of distraction Nam ruthlessly delivered a decisive shot The net shook violently The golden goal that sealed the game was scored Losing miserably to a psychological trap Gun jumped up in anger He pointed straight at the "cheater" Like a child, yelling that he dared to play dirty tricks He even tried to make a clumsy excuse That the damn mask he was wearing made it hard to breathe Lack of oxygen to the brain caused him to miss the shot Hearing this, Nam squinted his eyes in a teasing smile Suggesting: then why don't you take the mask off? Having been read Gun felt embarrassed His face turned bright red as he turned away, shouting loudly Insisting on refusing and refusing to acknowledge the result Nam laughed brightly Greatly amused By the legendary man's childish personality Gun grumpily tried to save face Issue a challenge full of provocative intent Tomorrow when no outsiders are here Let them meet again And enjoy football together in a fair and square match Witnessing the entirety Of that high-level football martial arts exchange, Myungcheon And his friend Seungyu stood outside, completely frozen like stone The pride of the high school elites crumbled into Pieces as they bitterly realized That they were truly too small and ordinary When placed next to these monster geniuses You stubborn brat, how dare you Gun-heo grumpily walked over to Sijun He immediately grabbed The kid's head to vent his anger By ruffling And messing up the blue hair of the culprit behind all the trouble Grinding his teeth, he let out a spine-chilling threat Sijun, brace yourself You will have to go through a training Course that is the most brutal hell in human history He swore to torture him Until he Is strong enough to become greater than that arrogant Guy Nam, and the ultimate command is that Sijun Must crush That guy in an official match Sijun's jaw dropped in fear Old man Guni, however, furrowed his brows in confusion Wondering why this kid suddenly went stiff And froze up like that Without a single shred of fighting spirit The Fourth Wall scene begs permission to take the remote To fast-forward time The text "A hellish period of time passed by" Appears in a haunting manner The blue sky was crystal clear over the futsal court Which was private and quiet, as an image Of Sijun gasping for air while answering the phone appeared Looming right behind His back was none other than the tyrant girl Doanh On the other end of the line Old man Guni's urging voice rang out again Immediately followed by frames of Flashbacks moving furiously like a storm Sijun running for his life, Sijun lunging to make a block Sijun firing a pass Sijun getting tackled face-first onto the ground Liters of sweat poured down the artificial turf, marking A process of Growth filled with blood and tears in silence The flashback scene stopped Bringing us back to the present, old man Gun-heo was lying spread-eagled on the grass Drenched in sweat and panting heavily Looking up at the sky, he uttered a deeply philosophical exclamation Man, 2 years of hell have already passed, huh You must be exhausted too, right Sijun Hearing the exaggerated number Sijun bristled and shouted in grievance He vehemently shot back Screaming that there was no way it had been 2 years This eccentric guy was starting To play that annoying trick of lying again just to provoke Other people Ignoring the screaming Gun-heo kept lying there with his eyes closed to rest, he sighed Slowly announcing that today All supplementary training courses would officially end He asserted that he had poured his heart and soul out To teach Sijun all the finest essences that could be taught Restrained, of course, to a level suitable for the kid's Subpar skills Hearing the harsh summary Sijun's face fell in complete disappointment, he muttered Grumbling and complaining that this guy was truly a scammer and a fraud After undergoing painful physical torture for so long, Sijun himself Had not felt even a tiny bit of progress At all, then the atmosphere suddenly became unusually serious as old man Gun-heo sat up His sharp gaze met Sijun's It is natural that you cannot feel it right now But he suddenly asked a question Has Sijun ever heard of the concept of "Second Wind" Before, the kid obediently nodded Recalling the bits of stories told by his friends According to legend It is a miraculous moment When an athlete Uses sheer willpower to overcome a bone-chilling pain That feels like coming back from the dead due to oxygen depletion Their body will suddenly break through Its limits and reach a completely new threshold of power Hun-heo nodded thoughtfully and explained further That miraculous Concept is not exclusively reserved for football But is a universal test for all elite athletes Every difficulty and bottleneck Regarding skills on the pitch Is actually nothing compared to the sharp pain In the chest When the lungs feel like exploding due to the lack of oxygen But once the will To win steps over that deadly blind spot Humans will open their arms to welcome A second wind called evolution He looked straight into Sijun's eyes and firmly asserted It is possible that right now Sijun cannot feel the change himself yet But from his perspective, the kid Has just officially Burst through that deadly limit The eyes of the legend sparked with a fire of pride He stood up abruptly Resoundingly making a shocking declaration With what has been trained Sijun's current level is absolutely not inferior to Any young National player existing in this world The highest praise had been given, however Instead of cheering and celebrating Sijun fell to his knees on the grass after hearing it, opening His mouth to wail bitterly like a child whose candy was stolen A total buzzkill So shameless that it made the legend lose his temper Gun-heo swore and barked out Asking if this kid had suddenly gone crazy to be crying And wailing like that Sijun, with tears and snot all over his face, whimpered an apology He sobbed, confessing the real reason behind his tears Was because the brutal, fierce, And horrific intensity of the recent training had drained His strength so much that he hallucinated being tortured Continuously for a whole 2 years, oh my god Truly a legendary exaggeration Hun-heo looked at the throwing-a-tantrum kid The corner of his mouth twitching as he thought to himself, damn it This is an exclusive super VIP training course If outsiders Were to bring a mountain of money and beg on their knees, there is no way I would show mercy and teach them He smirked Loudly scolding Sijun to hurry up and get the hell up He knew these petty tricks all too well The kid still had plenty of stamina and energy left But wait a minute The Fourth Wall once again warned The author likes to play a trick of smoke and mirrors with a sharp plot twist Taking us back in time To the exact moment the 5v5 match With Nam had just ended At the edge of the pitch, Sijun hurriedly put on his jacket and grabbed his backpack, he Hastily announced Please excuse me, I have to go watch the first half of Gwangjin School's match Right after it's done, I will obediently come back in a flash Old man Gun-heo stood with hands on his hips and grumbled Glaring and warning the kid that he better watch out And bring his face back early The kid had just turned around to run when suddenly Nam's calm voice called Sijun back He held out a stack of tickets Sijun blankly took them, his eyes wide open in surprise as he said thank you Saying that his teammates Were eagerly looking forward to watching this match The most formidable predator of Delen FC slowly closed the distance He leaned down Wearing a confident and mysterious smile Carrying the pressure of a king In an alluring whisper The guy dropped a time bomb, saying that very soon A huge Surprise would come knocking on his door by itself Just patiently wait until then, Sijun, an sliding tackle On the green grass The main striker Do-hyong Heo was grinding his teeth Launching a long, decisive, and sliding tackle The person facing off Against him was not a student at all Brilliant orange hair An annoyingly casual expression The person who easily evaded that sliding Tackle was none other than the old fox Head Coach Ian This formidable Coach was directly Putting on his boots to step onto the pitch and crush his students Outside the touchline The Gwangjin players were lying scattered all over Panting heavily like fish out of water They looked at Coach Ian with terrified eyes, each sweating bullets Muttering and wondering if this teacher was actually made of iron and steel To have tortured Them all day long without dropping a single bead of sweat Exhausted to the extreme, Do-hyong decided to play dirty The guy pointed his finger behind Screaming at the top of his lungs, pretending That Sijun had arrived to create a distraction But hilariously, how could the highly experienced old fox Fall for such a childish trap, leading to A cold-blooded play that sent Do-hyong tumbling to bite the dust Lying flat on the ground, the striker bitterly groaned Blaming his teacher for being truly shameless To go and torture a student who was already depleted of physical strength Coach Ian stood tall under the moonlight Wearing a faint, mocking smile He immediately launched a sharp Counter-attack, asking Do-hyong back If he felt humiliated Shaking and collapsing before an old uncle After running just a little bit After the war of words, the atmosphere suddenly grew heavy Coach Ian called Do-hyong's name in a deep voice He stripped away his playful mask Starting to expose The fatal issue of his arrogant student That lately Do-hyong's style of play Was becoming increasingly passive and cowardly on the pitch The coach pointed straight at his student's face Firmly asserting that the only Reason holding a bloodthirsty striker back Was simply because he did not Truly trust his teammates Especially the lack of trust directed at the playmaker Sijun An He concluded with a powerful prophecy If Do-hyong desires to explode once more Creating a miraculous Moment like in the bloody battle against Dae-kyung School Then he absolutely must find the answer himself To this psychological puzzle The scene of the brilliantly red sunset sky Flashed by along with the image of a plane taking off Shifting our scene to the waiting Lounge of the international airport Here, a dramatic and tragic farewell was taking place Two fifth-graders with the physiques of university students, Ji-han and Young-won, Were crying their eyes out Holding tightly onto Sijun's legs and dragging along the floor Our playmaker stood there with his arms crossed Sweating bullets Caught between laughter and tears while telling the kids to travel safely At the same time sending his gratitude Half-laughing, half-crying while reminding the kids to be careful on their way home and also send thanks Because of the crazy training period they just went through The green-haired boy welled up with tears Reluctantly telling Sijun that they must meet again The giant kid Jihan also wiped away his tears In a highly Serious tone, he told his big brother to be careful if Gwangjin manages to make it to the National Championship this year And then Jihan Whispered in Sijun's ear about a force named Choigang FC According to that kid, they are the second-generation players The monsters from the first Generation that appeared five years ago Have now all moved up to high school And will definitely participate in the National Championship Sijun's face showed surprise upon hearing Jihan Assert the terrifying nature of these people They are the ones capable of Crushing the entire current national rankings But before the tense atmosphere could last any longer Uncle Geon Hyo strained his neck to scold his beloved disciples as a bunch of idiots Leaking national secrets The kids didn't back down either, shouting back Arguing fiercely that they were just worried about brother Sijun, that's all Sijun smiled gently and thanked Yeonwon But deep down, he humbly thought to himself Making it to the National Championship for Gwang Jin at this moment was still a distant dream, Uncle Geonhyo waved his hand and told Sijun to stop being corny and get back to school before he's late But Sijun had a plot twist ready The kid smiled radiantly Offering a football to his secret master with both hands A meaningful return gift Sijun innocently explained Since Uncle used to brag about being a famous athlete And was also crazy about football He would definitely recognize the identity Of the person who signed this ball The neatly written signature clearly read Senior Siu Or in other words It was the cunning head coach Ian of Gwangjin, Sijun scratched his head and chuckled Thinking this ball probably didn't have much value But little did he know, to Geonhyo, the name Siu was a massive bomb of memories weighing a thousand tons Uncle broke into a cold sweat, his hands Trembling as he accepted the ball in absolute astonishment While Sijun radiantly Smiled and offered his sincere thanks For the valuable lessons After receiving the gift Geonhyo blushed in embarrassment Scratching his head and telling Sijun to just focus on playing, and then In a moment of impulsiveness when idleness bred recklessness Uncle slipped up and advised Sijun to try dating seriously Because his girlfriend looked quite pretty Huh, Sijun's face Immediately turned into a giant question mark The kid panicked, widening his eyes and blushing furiously Dropping the ball straight onto the floor, Sijun stammered Asking back if Uncle meant The girl who went to watch football with him that day You mean Do-young The kid frantically waved his hands Swearing to heaven and earth He only considered Do-young as a blood sibling Purely an innocent friend, hearing this A vein-popping hand of Uncle Clenched tightly into a fist, Geon Hyo lowered his voice, emitting an intense murderous aura, forcing Sijun To answer again whether he really didn't have a girlfriend Cornered against the wall Sijun had to wave the white flag He shyly hid his flushing cheeks Hesitantly confessing the truth That deep down in his heart He actually harbored a secret crush on another girl A girl named Ara A confession so cute it could melt hearts But before he could enjoy the romance Sijun gasped and glanced at the clock Damn it, he was about to be late for school Without hesitating for another second Sijun bolted like the wind Running while looking back to wave goodbye Leaving behind a petrified father figure The brain of the Liverpool legend Began playing a fictional movie In the style of a family tragedy He imagined The scene of his precious daughter Do-young collapsing and crying bitterly The scene of her going berserk and flying Kick straight into his face to vent her anger Or even the scene of Sijun being electrocuted and sent flying, finally Unable to bear the shock Geonhyo slumped down onto the floor And then he laughed bitterly, laughing until tears fell It turns out that kid Had absolutely no feelings for his daughter at all Everything was just his own wild imagination The regret of going through the trouble of torturing himself To train him surged up Creating an indescribably funny, distorted expression On the other side, the Giant kids Looked at Uncle who was Collapsing and crying heavily, mistakenly Thinking that their coach was heartbroken Because he had to part ways with Sijun Yes, a truly epic comedic fail Putting aside the comedic drama at the airport Welcome to the dressing room, burning hot With the high spirits of Gwangjin The comedic youth U Jin was shouting wildly Waving a stack of papers with both hands like he just won the lottery He rushed over to praise Sijun Wondering where Sijun got so many VIP tickets, look In Taesik's hands Were VIP tickets for the blockbuster match between Delen Academy And Hanyang High School With extremely strategic seating positions Taesik suddenly frowned and leaned in close to scrutinize Sijun, their friends Shrewdly noticed this kid seemed completely different An overwhelming aura, a quiet Yet sharp energy Of someone who has surpassed the turning point, they even Panicked and felt Sijun's biceps Demanding to know if he had secretly taken Enhancers, because his Muscles had developed so abnormally like that Sijun broke into a cold sweat Smiling awkwardly, waving his hands to deny everything completely To change the subject He quickly called Out to everyone to hit the road and watch football But reality is not a dream A senior immediately poured cold water on it Reminding them that Gwangjin still had two group stage matches left to play With the harsh personality of the cunning coach He would definitely never grant permission for the whole team To skip practice and watch football for free Even so, senior Ji Yong already had a perfect reason to bypass the rules He argued that Hanyang Was Gwangjin's final opponent in the qualifiers Coming to watch this match to scout The enemy's strength Would certainly be a more than reasonable excuse Do-hyeong also agreed Asserting that those Monsters were also just high school students after all But Taesik immediately warned the whole team That they would have to change their minds when witnessing it with their own eyes, because The clash between Hanyang and Delen was already dubbed by Experts as the early national final The camera angle shifted Leading us straight to The sun-drenched training ground of High School Hanyang, a formidable force of the tournament, on the grass The players were warming up in their powerful White and black striped uniforms A rookie was bowing subserviently with his hands clasped His eyes shining as he flattered his captain The kid gasped in admiration Praising the divine skills of Captain Junho Hwang, the forward wearing jersey number 11 He even claimed he joined Hanyang Entirely because he was mesmerized by Junho's aura In response to that shower of compliments Junho just wiped his sweat with his hand Smiling extremely humbly A perfect captain Gentle as in the legends But enthusiasm plus ignorance equals destruction The rookie confidently made a reckless statement In my opinion, Captain is much greater and more classy than that guy Tae-nam Whoosh, the surrounding atmosphere suddenly froze The temperature dropped straight to sub-zero The seniors glared at the stupid kid, their eyes burning, smack Captain Junho's hand Suddenly swung out and grabbed the junior's shoulder tightly He kept his head lowered But his mouth still uttered brilliant moral words That who is better than whom doesn't really matter, the Core thing is that anyone can make an effort to become better Hearing those Golden words, the rookie welled up with tears Deeply touched by the great character of the captain But in the very next second The nightmare arrived Junho looked up with a sinister smile So distorted it was terrifying, he Calmly ordered the rookie kid to stay behind To clean up the entire Battlefield of equipment on the pitch all by himself Because he and the team had sudden urgent business, looking at The kid standing petrified amidst mountains of training cones and scattered Balls, the seniors could only click their tongues in pity They whispered to each other At this Hanyang, Junho Hwang carried a taboo nickname The King Who Cannot Be Praised He was a megalomaniac with a sky-high ego And absolutely hated Being compared to anyone Especially with Tae-nam, the wrath Of the king was clearly displayed in the cafeteria, Junho Buried his face in his plate of rice Shoveling food like a wild Starving beast, his eyes burning with a furious fire of resentment Vowing to crush everyone to prove his absolute supremacy At the same time At the headquarters of the number one football academy in the country Delen FC, slam Head coach Kyung-sik slammed the table loudly Straining his neck to shout, pouring cold water on his disciples Even though Delen had secured the top spot The upcoming battle with Hanyang Would be a death match, he roared Reminding them that Hanyang Driven into a corner would definitely rise up and bite fiercely He demanded Delen to also unleash 100% of their power To crush the opponent and assert the king's class Such a fiery speech But at the corner of the table The genius captain Tae-nam was actually Puffing his cheeks, happily chewing his rice Ignoring everything Having his name shouted and scolded by the coach The guy just calmly blinked, playfully begging The coach to have mercy and let him eat in peace Coach Kyung-sik gritted his teeth and cursed inwardly He was currently calculating a bloody clash In the future with that kid Hearing that Tae-nam looked up Using his innocent-looking face to ask back, who? Which kid? Oh My Lord, the surrounding teammates broke into a cold sweat knowing full well that this monster is playing dumb again but wait, the camera angle suddenly shifts the sound of rushing water echoes inside a bathroom blurred with steam a muscular physique rippling with power, constantly venting rage on the brick wall thud thud the one roaring and spitting out the crudest swear words in the most manic way isn't Nam but Junho Hwang the arrogant king of Haniang High the facade of the gentle and humble captain from this morning has been completely stripped away the bitterness of being compared to and belittled by his subordinates the claim that he is inferior to Nam is burning through his soul Junho punches the wall repeatedly his handsome face now twisted distorted in a bloodthirsty rage his eyes bloodshot and ruthless he hisses a bloody oath through his teeth I will crush that brat with my own hands and just as Junho's madness reaches its peak, slash the frame cuts sharply back to the cafeteria of Delen, in total contrast to the suffocating fury at Haniang Nam is currently closing his eyes rubbing his full stomach with his hands he wears an incredibly gentle smile uttering with satisfaction, phew finally, I'm full but to understand why Junho Hwang hates Nam to the point of madness we have to go back in time a bit as the narrator, I would like to take you back to the past to a first-year middle school boy who possessed an incredibly peculiar quality on the green grass, the young Junho back then was screaming for his teammates to pass the ball ignoring all tactics he used his superior physical foundation and motor skills to tear through the opponent's formation shoulder-charging Junho plowing through everyone in his path like a runaway tank watching his opponents fall in fear Junho unleashed a whistling shot to score the crowd gasped in amazement from that tender age, this boy already recognized his own greatness he knew he was a strong man, after the match Junho sat imperiously on the steps, surrounded by schoolgirls giggling behind their hands their eyes full of admiration knowing full well he was being watched the kid intentionally panted acting like the cool and exhausted sports heartthrob the boys standing nearby could only click their tongues thinking with annoyance that this guy was overacting Junho boastfully declared to his friends that the upcoming trial for the Haniang High football team was just a piece of cake for him he dreamed of being called up to the national team making a fortune and becoming famous, even the boy loudly asked whether he should study abroad in Germany or Spain just to pick up more beautiful girls he was full of spirit but life isn't like a simple shonen anime reality dealt Junho a blow that left him seeing stars at the Haniang High entrance test the self-proclaimed genius suffered a miserable and crushing defeat so humiliating that he didn't dare look at anyone trip trip Junho tripped over the ball and fell face-first into the grass lying flat on the field he bit his lip his eyes showing a shock he couldn't accept no way how could an all-around genius the peak of every sport like him slip up like this it was impossible, yet the evaluators saw right through the truth of this muscular boy they whispered among themselves that Junho was actually just someone relying on brute strength the kind of players who use their body to overpower others had been phased out since elementary school it was simply that Junho had only recently played football, so he didn't realize how poor his skills were that's all not only that, Junho's profile was black-marked for an extremely poor competitive attitude he played football like a street thug ready to aggressively devour his opponents at the slightest provocation the judges clicked their tongues and concluded that failing this guy was an entirely correct decision just let him play against kids who eat and sleep with a real football he will naturally know his place collapsing on the grass, Junho's pride shattered how many people like him had come and gone in the fierce elimination of sports in his moment of deepest despair, Junho's gaze stopped at a football boot lying abandoned on the ground an old, worn-out shoe and then, a poignant memory flooded back the image of his hardworking mother appeared she had bought him these shoes with money saved penny by penny, drenched in sweat during those days of grueling cleaning under the scorching sun she had believed in him when her son said he wanted to pursue a career in sports Junho's hand gripped the shoe tightly his fist clenched until it bled, the memory of his mother's sacrifice was the spark that burned away his foolish arrogance and awakened a real monster, a sharp bolt of lightning flashed in Junho's eyes he swore to himself that he would absolutely never give up until these shoes were worn out until these legs could no longer run from that moment on, Junho decided to use his only strength that monster stamina to overwhelm and crush everyone in his way a manic desire to win was ignited under the deep blue sky and we have a cinematic training montage Junho dove into training like a machine that never tired he frantically pushed his stamina, exhausting himself in individual drills from that day on Junho Hwang was always the first to arrive at the training ground and also the last one to leave the grass when the lights went out years passed sweat and blood forged a king Junho gradually crushed formidable opponents defeating the brightest talents in the country he held his head high under the silent night sky crowning himself I am the best in this country he lay with open arms on the grass, panting enjoying the feeling of dominance, but then at the peak of glory a seed of doubt began to sprout in the mind of the arrogant king he wondered if in this world there really was no one more outstanding than him like a great actor with divine acting skills like a once-in-a-century sports star lifting the gold cup or the great figures who left an eternal mark in human history did those considered to be at the peak truly possess absolute talent I'll break the fourth wall here to comment those geniuses are actually very afraid they always fear that in some hidden corner of the world there are people with qualities ten thousand times greater than theirs but are living in seclusion, perhaps a once-in-a-century football talent might be planting rice in a field, a heaven-sent voice might be an office worker swiping a card every day or someone with the ability to manipulate psychology through acting might be arguing in a lawyer's court they possess God's gift but live a life completely unrelated to it that very thought that someone of the same generation might possess world-class talent yet doesn't even care to play football, always gnawed at Junho's mind but then that vague fear was no longer a fantasy he encountered the nightmare named Nam someone recruited by Delen someone rumored to have only played football for a short while yet could crush Haniang's defensive system thud, in a one-on-one duel, Nam used terrifying speed and vision to snatch the ball right from under Junho's nose, at that moment, the king of Haniang realized the true nature of this monster he was stunned, cold sweat breaking out the instinct of a strong person told him this kid is the one backed by the god of football those with such superior talent are like an invisible gravitational force they will inevitably be pulled by destiny back to where they belong and there they will become the strongest, to Junho the existence of Nam was a thorn driven straight into his eye a cruel denial of the title number one genius that he had traded blood and tears to achieve, jealousy and hatred turned into a dark fire in the heart of Haniang's captain back to reality welcome to the national stadium where the final round for the strongest teams is taking place a fiery showdown, Haniang versus Delen in the stands the comic trio of Wang Jin, consisting of Tesic Dohyong and Sijoon, are rubbing their hands in excitement Tesic excitedly shows off the VIP seats with a smooth view while Dohyong frowns in concentration reminding Sijoon to keep his eyes wide open because the battle down there is the measure to decide who is the strongest of this high school generation and on the grass the play of hypocrites officially begins Nam proactively steps forward extending a hand with a smile so friendly it's nauseating he greets enthusiastically, long time no see, Junho-hyung how have you been lately I've watched the videos of your matches that goal was absolutely fire looking at that angelic face Junho Hwang grinds his teeth, veins popping on his forehead but still forces a stiff, corporate smile he replies blandly, yeah, thanks kid the two shake hands, but the killing intent radiating from them is enough to freeze the pitch after the greetings Nam turns to walk away, not forgetting to look back and wave cheerfully, wishing his senior good luck but as soon as that back turned Junho's expression completely collapsed his eyes widened and his teeth gnashed he roared curses in his mind the most vicious curses that crazy damn fly you dare say you've watched my videos you dare say let's play well you dare to casually judge and look down on me like that the four arrogant kings felt bitter realizing a harsh truth that in this world there is no one who doesn't know jealousy you will never be jealous until you meet someone who truly makes your pride be trampled to shreds and that person is standing right in front of them cheering sounds echoed across the four sides of the vast stands in a high corner our Quang Jin trio had settled in the comedian youth Bong Xu gulped admitting that the thick atmosphere suddenly made him feel nervous too sitting next to him Uzin stretched and nodded in agreement that Sijun had scored some seats with a top-tier view although the match had not yet started the number of spectators flocking to the stadium was packed like sardines enough to see the attraction of these two names was incredibly immense senior Giong turned to Sijun with a sharp gaze the forward reminded his conductor to open his eyes wide and observe carefully because the life-and-death battle taking place on that green grass is the most accurate measure to determine who is the true king of current high school football and then that moment finally arrived from the tunnel the warriors of the two teams stepped onto the field to thunderous applause passing through the Delen lines we see the presence of third-year defender Giang Hi facing him on the other side of the battle line is the third-year defender Trung Shin Han of Haniang powerful high-fives rang out the camera panned to the midfield area oh boy look who this is Delen forward Son Shin is glaring at Ingone Bae of Hanyeong Son Shin provoked wondering why a high school tournament has some old-faced uncles mixed in and playing like this a very reasonable question that anyone would want to ask beside them the two main second-year forwards are Hakyon Cha of Delen and Yong Su Hyon of Haniang also facing each other they shook hands and gave sunny smiles but their eyes were sharp as razors continuously teasing each other about their girlfriends looking extremely tense on the outside but as the narrator I will reveal these two are actually best friends it's truly the best acting in the world the focus continued to shift toward the captains Chris Gu of Haniang came over to shake hands with Ten Nam not forgetting to call him by the familiar nickname Leo Chris smiled and suggested both sides play fair play don't play dirty in response Ten Nam only curled his lips in a compliant smile promising to convey it to the whole team yes a familiar angel smile of a hidden beast not only the players but the battle of wits between the two coaches was equally tense coach Kyung Su of Delen and coach Jin Gu Gong of Haniang faced each other on the touchline they used the most polite words to mock each other even grading the style and hairstyle of the opponent a psychological war from inside to outside the pitch returning to the stands innocent Sijun blinked looking at the grand scenery around him the boy gulped wondering if one day he would have the chance to perform before tens of thousands of spectators like this because according to the original plan his goal was only to clash with Haniang in the regional qualifiers Sijun turned to whisper to senior Ji Hyung asking a very innocent question uh brother why is our Quang Jin school not allowed to participate in such a grand tournament like this whoosh the atmosphere at the Quang Jin seating area suddenly froze Giong Tesic and Dohyong broke into a cold sweat their faces turned as dark as a pot bottom Giong bitterly explained the harsh truth little brother our team was eliminated from this tournament since before you even joined oh god Sijun is truly the lord of killing the atmosphere the ashamed friends just wanted to dig a hole and hide angrily reminding Sijun please be less mindless again using the ignoring the embarrassing comedy of Quang Jin the classic match finally began the clock hit the 16th minute of the first half the current score is still zero zero boom boom bang the match proceeded at a dizzying pace the ball continuously shifted between the two halves of the field according to the evaluation system using the god's eye of coach Jin U players from both sides are showing superior strength Delen forward Son Shin reached 8.9 points Hakion Cha reached 9.2 points and most terrifyingly the beast Ten Nam sat comfortably at 9.8 points an absolute dominance of the midfield on the field Ten Nam is commanding the Delen formation to retreat forming a steel wall and confidently challenging Haniang to attack quickly the ball was passed back to the second line for midfielder Du Hong Hong of Delen he found a gap to unleash a mid-range cannon shot boom Du Hong swung his leg but damn it the timing was off by a split second Haniang defender Jisugu rushed out like an arrow using his body to block the follow-up shot the audience Delen held their heads in regret clapping to encourage because regardless the home team was still controlling the game witnessing the home team's stalemate the fans of Haniang in the stands began to scream impatiently they frantically chanted the name of the absent king Junho Hoang still hasn't agreed to enter the field at this hour does Delen intend to swallow Haniang while Junho is not present coach Jin Gu Gong frowned finally having to make the decision to wake Junho up yes you didn't hear wrong on the substitute bench Junho Hoang was dozing off when shaken awake by his teammates he stretched and rubbed his eyes sleepily complaining that he was supposed to be resting today the teammates' faces dropped in annoyance glancing and mocking cha cha acting so deep that guy probably thinks he's the main character of some shonen anime or something to like playing these tricks despite the fake sleepy act but the moment Junho Hoang took off his warm-up jacket and stepped over the chalk line in the 19th minute the entire atmosphere of the stadium immediately changed cheers exploded the ground seemed to shake under the strides of the Haniang king seeing Junho Ten Nam standing in the middle of the field only smirked slightly whispering a sarcastic comment about his brother's flashy appeal but the battle now truly began 22nd minute the ball was moved forward Haniang captain midfielder Bong Dan is holding the ball Sijun observed and assessed this senior has an extremely solid pivot it's very hard to steal the ball from his feet and then Bong Dan heard the call Junho Hoang accelerated like a tank captain Haniang performed a through ball that tore through the Delen defense the ball rolled across the grass heading straight to Junho's position the moment Junho Hoang received the ball Sijun and the audience held their breath because the position where Junho was standing was exactly the Absolute Zone his absolute area a space in front of the penalty box where once Junho swings his leg the goal probability will increase dizzyingly but wait Delen are not fools they had studied this king thoroughly four red and black striped figures of Delen immediately surrounded him forming a steel barrier blocking all shooting angles from the absolute area they had completed the blockade mission excellently Delen midfielder Seung Shin the double AK closed in on Junho smirking provocatively he confidently declared he would not let Junho move even half a step further into the penalty box invisible pressure weighed on the shoulders of Haniang's main striker but in response to that provocation Junho Hoang only slightly curled his lips in a smile a confidence-filled smile that was almost arrogant then he planted his pivot foot firmly swung his right leg to unleash a shot with terrifying power the Delen players gaped does he intend to shoot from such a far and difficult distance whoosh the ball soared into the air but what left everyone utterly shocked was the ball had absolutely no spin a perfect knuckleball shot the ball rushed through the air its trajectory was jerky swaying mysteriously not following any ordinary laws of physics the Delen goalkeeper lunged in desperation both arms stretched to the limit but could only reach the air Delen's net shook violently the whole stadium exploded a masterpiece cannon shot from outside the box tore through all tactical calculations the spinless shot with terrifying speed completely shattered the proud defensive barrier of Delen everyone was stunned the Delen players broke into a cold sweat unable to believe their eyes Junho Hoang Hoang had personally expanded his Absolute Zone the shooting distance was further more tricky and much more brutal he is proving the reason why he is the invincible king in the middle of the pitch Junho Hoang stood tall under the sunlight sweat drenched his forehead his face radiating the arrogance of a god of victory in the distance Ten Nam stood silent dark eyes observing the evolution of his opponent and the chapter ends here but wait don't leave yet because the author also gives us a small very interesting side story to relieve the tension the legend of the name Leo of the beast Ten Nam a story goes that after Delen recruited Ten Nam the coaching staff and players fell into a headache the reason was because in the lineup at that time there was already someone named Ten Nam calling the name on the pitch would definitely lead to confusion and total chaos Ten Nam obediently smiled and suggested changing the name on the jersey Nam obediently smiled and asked to change the name on the jersey but the seniors at first teased him thinking that would be too lacking in style they decided to find a really cool nickname for this genius rookie and then a discovery of infinite IQ appeared if the name T is written in the English alphabet and written horizontally in a notebook T a e n look, with a magical arrangement of strokes the shape of the characters when pushed together looks exactly like the word Leo everyone gasped in surprise the name Leo sounds like it has the vibe of an international star while radiating the majestic aura of a lion Nam only knew how to blush shyly at that time but the nickname Leo was officially attached to the monster of Delen from that silly moment a round of applause was sent to the author Linan for this peak wordplay idea thank you for following today's breathtaking match scene change on the field the Haniang team coach was also quite surprised by Jun ho's divine ability on the other side of the line coach Delen his tactical brain began racing continuously he asserted that the defensive barriers set up were completely useless against a high-speed cannon shot with no spin like that over on the field Nam patted a teammate's shoulder excitedly reminding him do you remember the person I told you about before the camera shifts to his friend the playmaker Du Hong Hong known as the passing master of Delen is breaking into a cold sweat Sijun stares down at the field suddenly remembering an interesting detail these expensive VIP tickets were provided by that senior wearing jersey number 10 for Nam assessed that although Sijun is a dazzling genius but objectively speaking he has not yet reached the complete level of those seasoned seniors in their third or fourth year however the so-called innate talent of Sijun is indeed a priceless gold mine that Delen is longing to exploit and as predicted Delen's seniors are no pushovers despite being down a goal they still shouted to boost morale demanding the whole team focus on crushing Haniang's formation meanwhile the first-year group of Delen looked at each other timidly wondering if the people playing with such fire were actually high school students Nam ran his hand through his sweat-soaked hair smiling to comfort the rookies the innocent boy declared that if that's the case then he also has to score a goal to return the favor on the electronic scoreboard the score appeared brutally Haniang 1-0 Delen the time now is the 26th minute of the first half seeing Delen being pressured Sijun's friends began to joke and tease asking if Nam is really as famous as the rumors say grumpily snapping back at his friends that they think an arrogant guy like Nam would want to lie senior Tijun rested his chin and analyzed they determined through the strength and technique of the two teams on the field it is clear that the ambition of Delen is to build a squad with a sweeping power on par with the national U-team an ambition that sounds overwhelming just hearing it the clearest difference lies in the recruitment method while normal teams groom players from a young age Delen goes big they scour and sweep up those with monster physical stats those possessing extraordinary talent even if they have never touched a ball and that is the truth the frame pans over the fiery clashes Haniang's captain Ingwan Bae is sweating bullets trying to keep up with the terrifying speed of the speedsters on Delen's side Sijun in the stands also had to swallow hard silently comparing that flashing speed with his brother Gun heo and just as the tempo of the match was pushed to its most breathtaking level a scream tore through the field coming from De Len switch to Leo the whole stadium seemed to wake up the crowd screamed the beast's name frantically the ball was launched forward at lightning speed a touch and a step smooth as silk the ball obediently stuck tight to the tip of Nam's boot he lowered his head curling his lips into a chilling smile muttering a personal greeting as the Leo persona boiled in his veins the beast was officially unleashed two Haniang midfielders immediately closed in to press mocking that Nam must be trembling because the fans are calling his name but Nam didn't even bother to look at them once with just two shifts of his body light as a feather Nam left two white-shirted shadows behind in shock and diving behind his back the sharpness of Nam immediately alerted the entire defensive system of Han Young they could not let this kid run wild any longer the eyes of the captain Trung Shin Han turned bloodshot he roared in frustration vowing not to let Nam easily escape from this land of losers the red alert was activated Haniang immediately deployed the three sturdiest boulders in the backline captain Trung Shinhan central midfielder Bong Dan Yi Uc and the 8t truck Jun Jiuly a giant wall of meat the three immediately surrounded pinning Nam against the wall outside the touchline the captain of Haniang coach Jin gu Gong was gently pushing up his glasses with a cold gaze analyzing every step of the monster number nine on Delen's side he thought to himself that Nam's dribbling skills had reached a realm that was completely different far beyond ordinary talents the veteran coach understood very well someone who only knows how to dive into training basic daily skills would never be able to evolve to such a skillful and wild level watching Nam glide across the grass he bitterly admitted Haniang could not stop this kid with man-marking options that is why coach Jin gu had no other choice the red alert was issued he was forced to sacrifice the midfield deploying all three of his best defensive boulders just to surround Nam alone a tight three-man wall of meat even if Nam is a monster escaping the grip of three top-tier national defenders would be unthinkable but trapped in that suffocating encirclement Nam smiled he looked up with bewitching eyes straight at senior Trung sin Han gently dropping a provocation that hit the sore spot hey Mr. Trung sin do you think you guys only need three people to block my way huh a bucket of cold water thrown straight at the pride of the Haniang captain Trung Xin Han's eyes immediately turned bloodshot blue veins popped on his temples despite the shouting warnings from teammates Trung xin don't fall for the trap he had completely lost his reason Trung sinh roared in fury charging straight at Nam like a runaway bull vowing to crush the arrogance of this second-year kid and that was exactly what Nam was waiting for vút with just a gentle flick of the ankle but sharp as a razor the ball tore through the air launching precisely through the legs of Trung Shin Han a brutal and most humiliating nutmeg breaking the encirclement Nam even smiled pretend- ly apologizing for accidentally provoking his senior Trung Xin Han stood frozen cold sweat poured out when he realized he had just been played like a fool the collapse of one link completely shattered the three-man wall Haniang's entire defensive system broke into a cold sweat wondering how they could tie down this monster but surprisingly Nam did not choose to break through himself vút a very exquisite long ball when the ball left Leo's foot the atmosphere of the entire stadium suddenly shifted his tactical vision had opened up a completely new horizon turning Nam into a true coordinating king the ball found the two most dangerous attacking spearheads of Delen on one wing was Son Shin the machine with the terrifying speed number one in the academy on the other wing was Hakion Cha a natural born hound for goals they charged into the penalty area like two flaming arrows Haniang's entire defensive system scrambled back they put 100% of their focus on the two monsters charging down they told themselves if they let these two spearheads into the box then the net would be torn apart but right in the moment Haniang believed they had blocked every path the real ghost appeared in the vast space right at the 16.50m line where the Haniang defense had just left to drop deep and mark bục bục the ball was played back to the second line and the person receiving the ball swung his leg to meet the return pass with absolutely no one marking him no one else but Nam a cunning off-the-ball movement turning those two notorious forwards into perfect decoys Haniang's defense stood frozen they screamed in desperation stop number nine the white-shirted shadows rushed out like moths to a flame to block the shooting angle Shin son was in position he swung his leg and launched a cannon shot carrying all the pride of Delen boom the ball exploded off the tip of his boot Haniang's defenders and goalkeeper stared in shock the trajectory of this ball it didn't curve sideways nor fly straight the ball was spinning backward ladies and gentlemen a reverse spin shot air resistance caused the ball to plummet onto the grass ridiculously fast and treacherous the Haniang goalkeeper could only look up at the sky helplessly watching the ball soar past his hand and tear the net vu the entire stadium exploded the electronic scoreboard jumped brutally SMA Haniang 1-1 Dalen 31st minute of the first half A sharp response neutralizing all the advantages King Junho Hoang had just created on the pitch, the Dalen seniors happily pounced on Nam celebrating wildly, clutching their heads in extreme fervor surrounded by his teammates droplets of sweat glistening under the floodlights The beast has finally spoken right on the green pitch, the screams of "Leo!" "Leo!" from the stands were crashing down like thunder On the opposite side Haniang's captain, Junho Hoang, stood frozen sweat pouring down his face He glared at the players Dalen players hugging each other in celebration The King's pride was severely wounded He muttered curses at the Dalen players making a fool of themselves, but deep down he was forced to bitterly admit that the goal just now was a knuckleball it was too perfect; meanwhile on the other side, Shin Son was frantic, wondering Damn, I was clearly the one who scored the opening goal why is the crowd in the stands only frantically chanting the name "Leo" That sound was tearing through his teammate's mind The whistle blew the screen switched to the words "Half Time" Temporary score: Haniang 1-1 Dalen both teams entered the tunnel for a break but in the stands the chants of "Leo" and "Junho Hoang" continued to clash back to the seating area of Quang Jin's group Sijun An's eyes were wide, sweat beading on his forehead The friends beside him whistled and asked the boy "How does it feel to see S-class athletes" "compete?" Sijun swallowed hard, silently admiring the pressure emanating from those two down there they are truly monsters beyond the level of high school students Sijun's tactical brain began to operate at full capacity The boy compared them to Robert Cha the ace of Jun Gang school If their skills were quantified Robert Cha would be at 96 points while Nam and Junho Hoang reached the thresholds of 98 and 97 points Looking at those numbers, Sijun's friends clicked their tongues "The difference is only one or two points" "why make such a big deal out of it?" "Only when they step onto the pitch" "will we see who really comes out on top" Jahyun continued his analysis with a serious expression "If we only consider raw speed" "acceleration and the ability to penetrate the penalty area" "then Robert Cha" "the ace of Jun Gang school" "is clearly superior to those two down there" Sijun blinked, confused It was a very reasonable question "If Robert Cha is faster and has better penetration" "then why is he rated lower by" "the professionals when compared" "with Nam and Junho Hoang?" Senior Ja- -hyun raised a finger explaining a core concept an invisible gap called "the one-point difference" Jahyun analyzed in a low voice "In a near-professional environment" "where every individual is an elite" "then a difference" "of even a single skill point" "can" "expand into a chasm ten times wider" "And that one point Robert Cha lacks" "affects" "the strength of the entire team severely" Sijun swallowed hard The boy asked urgently "So what on earth is that one point Robert Cha lacks" "but" "Junho Hoang and Nam have in abundance?" Jahyun pointed down at the stadium where the proudest egos were competing and gave the fatal answer: "Influence." "An undefeated football team" "doesn't just need excellent individuals" "To bind countless proud geniuses" "making them obediently submit" "and fight like a machine" "you need leadership qualities" Sijun's eyes suddenly lit up He understood The battle down there wasn't just a display of skill but a clash of royalty between two captains The scene shifted taking us deep into the mind of Haniang's king Junho Hoang; he stood with hands on his hips panting, but his eyes were fixed on Nam Do you think a tyrant like Junho wouldn't know fear? Far from it Deep inside that giant was gnawing on a sense of extreme inferiority How could he not feel inferior? Nam was once a junior who followed him to learn but now had evolved into a perfect monster directly threatening his throne Fear and insecurity those are completely natural for any king Junho buried his face in a sweat-soaked towel, cold sweat breaking out He bitterly realized a cruel truth no matter how hard he trained to the point of exhaustion his athletic talent could never surpass Nam's innate instinct In the past, Haniang always crushed Dalen but since Nam arrived the balance of power had been leveled However, that bitter truth didn't break Junho instead, it became the fuel that boiled his mad ambition Sijun An's eyes widened, a drop of sweat rolling down his cheek based on Senior Jahyun's sharp analysis the boy's tactical brain had found the truth of the battle The battle in this second half was no longer just a comparison of individual skills it had officially ascended to a clash of royalty a leadership war between two captains Dalen's "captain," Coach Ki Hyungsu crossed his arms over his chest his lips curling into an arrogant smile His gaze cold and sharp, pointed straight at the back of the captain of Haniang, confidently delivering the final judgment "Junho Hoang, your quality as a player" "will forever be unable to surpass Nam" On the pitch the pace of the match continued to climb toward a climax Haniang's formation surged forward with intense pressing From the touchline Coach Jin Gu Gong of Haniang screamed at the top of his lungs "Get the ball down quickly!" Following the order, a long ball was immediately pumped straight into Dalen's penalty area and there, the king of Haniang was ready Junho Hoang leaped into the air performing a beautiful bicycle kick but *whoosh*—Dalen's goalkeeper made a miraculous save The match continued with a very dangerous set piece a corner kick for Haniang The one tasked with moving toward the corner flag to provide the assist was none other than the Australian midfielder Meanwhile, inside the penalty area look at the demeanor of Captain Junho Hoang He stood with hands on his hips head down, exhaling labored breaths With a grimacing face so lazy and sluggish that the surrounding Dalen players had to click their tongues in contempt They whispered mockingly unable to believe that this careless guy with such a sloppy attitude and penchant for antics could actually wear on his arm the prestigious captain's armband, but completely opposite to the contemptuous gaze of the opponents look toward the Haniang players Senior Trung Xin Han, and even the Australian placing the ball at the corner not one of them doubted for a second Their gaze toward the captain acting lazy in the penalty area burned with absolute trust "It's okay, Junho" "you can definitely do this" "we entrust everything to you" Why is there such an absurd contradiction? Why can someone with such an extreme competitive nature who plays so selfishly and always sees himself as the center of the universe, like Junho be able to make the proud individuals of Haniang willingly and absolutely submit To answer this question the minds of the Haniang players take us back to a memory from the past unlike his ostentatious appearance on the pitch, in real life Junho Hoang was a rather quiet person and not many friends at school knew him well during a practice session years ago the coach asked a first-year player a boy excitedly asked, "Hey," "I heard you live in the wealthy district 20," "right? Looking at your style," "you must come from a family" "of old money and nobility" and with that same curiosity, the coach asked Junho another joined in, "That's right," "your family must have some national athletes" "for you to be this good at sports." The rookies eagerly awaited an answer befitting a wealthy young master from a romance novel Curious questions, but they touched a hidden spot that any child in his situation would want to keep hidden They began to press him "So what do your parents actually do for a living?" Then, Junho Hoang paused slightly He didn't avoid the question, nor did his expression change Junho turned around looked straight into his classmates' eyes and spoke in a calm tone "My father passed away" "and my mother works as a" "janitor cleaning buildings" Boom. The surrounding air felt as if it had been sucked out The first-year players stood frozen cold sweat pouring down them Their eyes widened panicked, covering their mouths, stuttering, speechless The innocent questions from a moment ago suddenly became knives of utter tactlessness The friends panicked and bowed, apologizing, "I—" "I was just curious," "I didn't mean anything by it" They silently cursed themselves thinking they had just touched a raw nerve and wounded the self-esteem of a boy in his growing years. However, contrary to the panic of his peers Junho Hoang laughed a smile that revealed sharp teeth refreshing, without a hint of inferiority He responded calmly, "Why do you have to apologize?" "It's just the truth. That's how it is." looking at that smile the classmates realized a truth if it were anyone else they might have used that poverty and loss to play the victim to show that they were a child who suffered but strove to overcome in order to ensure sympathy from others they might even use it as an excuse to show off in the newspapers but Junho Hoang absolutely would not do that he stepped onto the pitch carrying a harsh background on his shoulders but never used it as an excuse to justify any weakness he didn't need pity that naked truth through Junho's mouth became something completely normal and it was that calm attitude in facing the storm that completely defeated the teammates around him their eyes welled up with tears thinking to themselves how can this kid be so cool, clearly in such difficult circumstances yet his will wasn't broken he truly possesses a perfect spirit of steel that's right, on the grass Junho Hoang could be ridiculous and careless arrogant, but behind that unpleasant shell was a man of absolute honesty honest with himself and honest with those around him Junho's sincerity stemmed from an incredibly pure ideal, the absolute respect and pride for his family who were saving every drop of sweat to raise him closing his eyes under the sunlight Junho had only one burning desire I must succeed I must earn a lot of money to repay my family a proud heart that never knew shame for the most precious things in his life that is the reason why every member of Haniang looked toward Junho Hoang with absolute adoration he was not just the captain he was the flag bearer the indomitable soul of the entire team let's get into the game in the 51st minute of the second half, the nostalgia vanished, giving way to the sweltering heat of the national stadium the sincerity and fire of desire from Junho Hoang were like a magic spell spreading and hypnotizing everyone present on the field the corner kick was taken the ball drew a beautiful curve rushing into Delen's penalty area the red and black striped defense rushed frantically to block creating a chaotic mess but in the center of that storm a roar ripped through the air, move forward Junho Hoang like a beast unleashed from its cage Junho Hoang used his extraordinary muscular strength to plow through every obstacle he lunged forward delivering a torpedo-style header, boom hitting with a brutal, unstoppable force the ball flew like a cannonball goalkeeper Delen was completely helpless, vút sra Delen's net tore apart amidst the explosion of the stadium, vung u on the field the Haniang teammates screamed until they lost their voices rushing to embrace their king as for Junho Hoang, he knelt on the green grass both hands clenched and raised high to the sky tilting his head back with the roar of a ruler blinding light from the floodlights shone straight down honoring the heroic image of the greatest captain in the league the electronic board displayed the destined words SMA Haniang 2-1 Delen 51st minute of the second half, the king had reclaimed the throne himself Haniang's head coach slightly pushed up his glasses his eyes full of satisfaction he thought to himself Junho was already a perfect monster but the scary part was his limit was still an unknown to him three years of polishing such a rough diamond was truly the greatest time of his career in a blink, the match reached the 64th minute there is no concept of retreating to defend in the dictionary of the Haniang wolves the gruff defender held the ball and stepped to the touchline he braced himself and swung his arm to throw a throw-in so powerful that the ball flew nearly 40m zooming like a cannon shell the opponent could only break into a cold sweat at this absurd physical strength as soon as the ball landed a Haniang striker rushed in without a second of hesitation he headed it and then swung his leg for an unstoppable volley by Junho that tore through the net the stands exploded, the scoreboard in everyone's mind seemed to jump to 3-1 but wait, wait a moment a heartbreakingly familiar script in football the linesman raised the flag mercilessly offside, the goal was disallowed in utter shock the Haniang striker covered his face in regret and pulled his hair for missing the chance to completely extinguish the opponent's hope and this was when true leadership qualities spoke without needing to swear or be irritated captain Junho Hoang laughed loudly loudly comforting his teammate he declared arrogantly that there was nothing to worry about he would simply score another goal himself with just one sentence, the regret vanished giving way to a fiery fighting spirit from the high stands Sijun frowned while analyzing, he realized Haniang was truly bold to keep pushing the attack high while leading by one goal a reckless move bearing the hallmark of Junho Hoang but on the other side of the battle line Delen FC, the undefeated academy certainly would not sit still and take it it was time for them to change the tide before it was too late the ball was moved quickly toward their own half, a player from Delen looked for their only savior the ball was launched strongly to the front line heading straight for the position of the beast wearing jersey number nine the boy with an angelic facade Nam gently controlled the ball a sharp half-smile appeared on his lips the fun is only just beginning the entire defense of Haniang immediately swarmed him like bees from a broken hive but the tactical vision of Sijun from above caught a chilling detail there was a Delen player moving silently like a ghost always slipping through the blind spots of Haniang's defense without needing to look back Nam gently flicked the ball back with his heel skillfully tearing through the encirclement a perfect pass directed straight toward the position of number 6 on the Delen side but just as the ball was about to touch his foot a giant white shadow lunged out like a bulldozer Chisugu, the rock of Haniang's defense had scented the danger and lunged to intercept the ball with a grass-burning tackle, Sijun gasped at this defensive intuition of national-class level, Sijun stared intently at the boy in jersey number 6 who had just been intercepted Du Hong Hong suddenly a surge of electricity ran down Sijun's spine he realized in shock that the scanning vision of Du Hong Hong was even more terrifying than Sijun's there were no dead zones in his field of vision and a shocking truth was revealed, Du Hong Hong moved and coordinated with an unimaginable rhythm with his teammates without needing any verbal communication because he is a deaf player although the world around him was silent his eyes captured everything worthy of being a true playmaker master of the youth league less than a second after losing the ball, Du Hong reacted immediately he rushed into a contest with Chisugu and immediately delivered a pass as sharp as a razor, slicing through the center the destination of the ball was Delen's number 8 Seung Shin Kveka a football prodigy called up to the U18 national team since high school the one known as the successor of Nam but Haniang was not easily bullied, defender Chisugu was famous for his ability to block every counterattack from within the zone, history has proven to steal the ball from this giant's feet the opponent needs at least three people surrounding him a fiery collision muscle clashing against muscle sweat pouring right in the center circle two giants fighting for every inch of grass, the cheers from the stands suddenly roared like thunder Sijun looked around in a daze the fancy and tricky plays were gone on the field now was only a grueling struggle bursts of acceleration and deadlocked contests for the ball in the midfield but why were the spectators so frenzied and then Sijun understood the match was taking place without any dead balls no fouls, no whistles blowing football at the highest level is not just about fancy goals but about battles that wear down physical strength and will to the extreme the clock hit the 89th minute, the intensity on the field showed no sign of cooling down who will be the first to collapse the climax is still ahead, on the pitch, Chisugu the giant rock of Haniang had just delivered a harsh sliding tackle against Seung Shin Kveka on the Delen side he muttered in his head with pride recalling that he had never lost the ball carelessly in any official match this year he silently assessed just like the beast Nam to steal the ball from his feet one would need at least three people surrounding him but the ball bounced out and Chisugu analyzed intently although Seung Shin Kveka is called the successor but compared to Nam this kid's level is still one step below yet Delen's spirit did not crumble a teammate shouted loudly, encouraging Seung Shin not to hesitate because hesitation at this moment is a death sentence immediately the ball was moved Haniang's aggressive defender rushed out like an arrow intercepting the pass spectacularly the stands were stirred up by the fans again Haniang immediately seized the opportunity for a lightning counterattack and then boom, Delen stole the ball back the scene on the field now was no different from a heavyweight boxing ring two fighters continuously exchanging fiery punches without regard for defense Sijun sat on the stands with his mouth agape, sweating profusely He was in utter shock, not understanding how on earth those people over there still had the stamina to run like absolute maniacs The duo of Gwangjin sitting next to him also had to gulp They admitted that just running around this standard-sized pitch was enough to kill a high school student Yet, the match was in its final seconds and the energy of both teams showed no signs of depleting Sijun bit his lip, wondering what on earth made them risk their lives to this extent The answer came from his own teammates This is a battle of pride and the pride of men doesn't need any logical reason at all On the pitch, Tae-nam, the beast in an angel's disguise, stretched out to save the ball He did not hesitate to shout loudly, praising everyone's incredible fighting spirit Delen counterattacked The ball flew off at lightning speed drawing tens of thousands of anxious eyes from the fans Sijun silently counted which counterattack this already was It was truly a brutal mental torture Even the coaching staffs of both teams were going crazy Their eyes were bloodshot as if they wanted to push their players to death on the pitch The coach of Hanyang constantly signaled to push the tempo high They absolutely could not afford to lose A devastating battle of stamina The Hanyang players bit their lips tight trying to force their exhausted legs to keep moving forward This was a matter of honor, no one had the right to complain No one was allowed to stop even though their lungs were screaming for oxygen, and boom, the most anticipated clash finally took place in the midfield area The aces of both teams, Jun-ho Hwang and Tae-nam crashed into each other like two colliding comets, making Sijun shudder His eyes gleamed He thought to himself that this performance was so captivating that it made him desperately want to lace up his boots and rush down to the pitch immediately, Do-hyeong smirked and thought to himself that it seemed their mindsets had finally aligned On the pitch, the two monsters growled determined to end their grudge right here and now But unexpectedly Tae-nam chose to pass backward A backward pass that left Jun-ho stunned, he glared at Tae-nam furiously wondering if this bastard wanted to evade a fair head-to-head duel The Delen players dropped deep to defend drawing the Hanyang formation forward Well, it looked like a sophisticated trap had been set But even if it was a trap, Hanyang proudly rushed in The breathless tug-of-war continued And then, the Hanyang coaching staff flashed a triumphant smile They believed that Delen's attacking rhythm had been completely broken However, complacency always comes with a price The Hanyang crowd on the stands suddenly fell dead silent, replaced by utter shock A long-range pass tore through space The referee still hadn't blown the final whistle Tae-nam was receiving the ball His eyes burned with a primal killer instinct, Jun-ho Hwang realized the danger and whipped around instantly cursing Tae-nam as a traitor for using tricks to distract him The Delen teammates roared, telling the goalkeeper to clear the ball quickly The Hanyang coach was stunned to realize Tae-nam still had plenty of stamina left for a final sprint In the end, his teammate swung his leg not to shoot but to scream out the name of his hearing-impaired teammate Ju-hong A beautiful, curling pass tore through the wind and flew away The entire Hanyang defense was drawn into the ball's trajectory, truly the manipulating brain of Tae-nam and his vision were the most terrifying weapons in the High School Championship At the exact moment the ball floated in the air time seemed to stand still In Tae-nam's mind, images of the past flashed by A frail boy wearing a patient's gown who could only stand and watch through the window pane day after day longing for a normal life like any other child Even as the narrator, I can't help but shudder It was that very heart which had never tasted the feeling of loss that very appreciation for the smallest opportunity to unleash himself on the pitch that forged a monster named Tae-nam of today Returning to reality the ball from Ju-hong's foot was cut back perfectly Tae-nam rushed in The scene exploded From Sijun's perspective Tae-nam at this moment was no longer a high school student but a giant a true demon god dominating the entire stadium The horrific pressure choked every effort to block from the Hanyang defenders, and boom A thunderous strike, the ball flew straight into the net leaving the Hanyang goalkeeper completely helpless A masterpiece of an equalizer in the final seconds of the second half The stands erupted with roars shaking the entire sky The scoreboard displayed an agonizing number Hanyang 2 - 2 Delen The referee blew the whistle to end the second half A crazy match, breathtakingly dramatic And the result was no result at all, the two strongest teams couldn't settle it within regular match time And of course, a perfect action movie script A nerve-wracking penalty shootout But oh no, what on earth is this The narration had just begun when a shocking announcement appeared, the first penalty taker for Hanyang, the proud king Jun-ho Hwang, had missed The ball flew over the crossbar amid the devastation of all the Hanyang High School students The penalty shootout scoreboard finalized: Hanyang 4 - 5 Delen The champion of the N Organization National Cup was officially named Delen FC Academy An ending that choked the hearts of tens of thousands of Hanyang fans The number one powerhouse fell at the doorstep of heaven The scene shifted to a clear blue sky dispelling the suffocating atmosphere of the final match The teammates were extremely furious at the captain's penalty kick but had to remain silent The players of both teams walked over to shake hands Jun-ho Hwang forced a smile and ordered his teammates to leave quickly before the sparks of hatred could ignite again On the pitch, Tae-nam walked up to Jun-ho He admitted that this was an incredible final match Jun-ho also didn't forget to call Tae-nam an annoying and arrogant fly, Jun-ho bluntly praised the coordination of the duo Tae-nam and Ju-hong, the two mortal enemies looked straight into each other's eyes Tae-nam flashed a cold smile throwing down a challenge that they would definitely clash again in the National Championship Jun-ho didn't back down either He coldly replied that he highly anticipated that day, and next time the ultimate result would definitely not be a hard-fought draw like today On the stands Sijun An kept his eyes glued to the two monsters on the pitch Jun-ho Hwang suddenly looked up His eyes met Sijun's Though unspoken an invisible message was conveyed The gap between regional football and national football is a colossal wall And Sijun's Gwangjin if they wanted to survive the upcoming days would not be easy at all A clear blue sky, white clouds, and golden sunshine welcomed you all back to the pitch of Gwangjin High School Leaving behind the breathtaking final of the elite now was the time for us to cool down something seemed to be a bit off here On the pitch, senior Ji-yong was gently massaging Bong-su's leg The young man flashed a beaming smile telling his junior to be careful not to get injured Junior Bong-su also smiled from ear to ear gently saying thank you Oh wow, such a sweet brotherhood, so sweet that both of their smiles were so forced and awkward it gave you goosebumps It didn't stop there Look over at that corner, Do-hyeong Heo Yes, the usually foul-mouthed and arrogant striker what on earth was he doing He grinned broadly nudged his shoulder to hand water to Jae-hyeon and then shoved a can of soft drink into his hand full of care Shocking, truly shocking, Jae-hyeon fell backward onto the grass his face pale as if he had just seen a ghost in broad daylight He screamed, asking Do-hyeong if he was crazy and told him to stop those disgusting actions immediately And just like that, the facade crumbled in an instant Do-hyeong rushed in to hug Jae-hyeon Jae-hyeon gritted his teeth and cursed warning the kid not to act tough Jae-hyeon held his forehead in utter helplessness He grumbled at this comedy troupe that yes, he did tell the whole team to create a harmonious atmosphere but not to force a fake show in such an unnatural way What on earth was happening to the Gwangjin wolf pack To understand the root cause of this circus we have to rewind time to a few days ago A milestone project had been approved by the management, Gwangjin would become the main character of a special edition documentary At the office the old fox Ian was sitting leisurely with his arms crossed ignoring the three individuals including assistant Lee, Do-hyeong and Tae-sik who were holding brooms sweeping and wiping behind him Assistant Lee grumbled angrily because he was given extra work But then he smirked slightly holding up the tablet screen to show coach Ian It was the YouTube channel Sport Haru a media powerhouse with 1.5 million subscribers and they had just sent a proposal to make an exclusive series about Gwangjin, contrary to the bursting excitement of the young guys coach Ian frowned instead showing a clear attitude of strong opposition He originally utterly loathed the noisy and nosy media, seeing Ian about to dismiss it, assistant Lee along with Tae-sik and Do-hyeong quickly gathered around to beg him They teamed up to convince the old fox that this was a golden opportunity that could not be missed In the midst of the intense moment of convincing the coach boom, the fourth wall was mercilessly smashed The coach turned around and called them out, pointing directly at Do-hyeong He's the one scolding He's bitter because of his own undisciplined habit of skipping practice, and that foul-mouthed guy along with two others were punished as campus janitors for a week. The author even carefully noted it clearly; just check season 2 episode 66. It's infuriating. Back to the main point. Assistant Ly tried hard to analyze it for Ian. He argued that in this money-driven era, building a public image is a vital insurance policy for the team and the players. Even throwing a pile of money might not buy a top-tier PR stunt like this. Hearing these overly reasonable pleas from the assistant and the ambitious, cunning students, Ian, no matter how gruff and stubborn he was, finally had to click his tongue and concede. And so, the camera lenses were officially brought to Kwang Jin. Scene change. In a luxury van on the move, the famous streamer Haru from the Sport channel, was scrolling through her tablet, confidently declaring to the producer, "Su Holly, this plan has a 100% chance of success." The goddess streamer's eyes sparkled, "Look at this," "the script is like it was tailored for a blockbuster." "A prestigious high school team collapses due to school violence scandals. They sink into darkness and then rise from the mud to start over from zero." "And who is the one leading that pack of wild wolves?" "A legend of the domestic league, moved by compassion for his alma mater, comes to the rescue." "The general public always goes crazy for underdog stories of those rising from the bottom." "The views will absolutely explode." However, the producer Su Holly, who was holding the steering wheel, threw a bucket of cold water on it. He scratched his head and admitted, "Kwang Jin is indeed impressive, but who on earth is Gun-hyuk?" Oh my god, the female streamer was so angry she could vomit blood. She screamed, demanding he be fined 50,000 won for his severe lack of football knowledge. "Being in this profession and not knowing a living legend of FC Liverpool is a crime!" Seeing the producer frantically trying to explain, Haru had to lower her voice and provide a crash course in knowledge. "Uncle Gun-hyuk was truly a giant powerhouse. However, right during the golden age of Korean football, he kept complaining and repeatedly refused the national team's call-ups just because of a few minor injuries. At the same time, a wave of foreign players flooded in, and so the name Gun-hyuk gradually faded into oblivion." "That's a shame," after hearing this, the producer breathed a sigh of relief, praising his boss's top-tier analysis. Meanwhile, the female streamer's eyes were glued to the photo on the screen. It was none other than the image of the arrogant son, Do Hyeong. Haru licked her lips ambitiously. What she anticipated most at this Kwang Jin school was the second generation of Gun-hyuk. She was sure that if the boy inherited the genius bloodline from his father, the football world would be shaken within 15 minutes, and the exclusive footage they filmed today would become a priceless treasure. The macro-script was like that, but returning to reality at the training ground, oh my goodness, the camera crew was frozen on the touchline. Producer Ly groaned in frustration, complaining that the way these kids acted like loving brothers was so exaggerated and fake that the footage was unusable. The female streamer gave a forced smile and hurriedly ordered a cut. "Forget it, let's switch to a direct interview to be safe." The camera angle shifted to a quick interview. The streamer was as bright as a flower, sitting next to head coach Ian. She threw out a subtle bait question, expecting an answer filled with teacher-student affection. "Among the lovely students out there, who do you pamper and feel the most affection for?" And the result: Ian looked straight into the camera lens, without changing his expression, and dropped a cold sentence: "No one." "Not a single one." Like a bolt of lightning striking, the atmosphere froze completely. Beads of sweat broke out on the camera crew's foreheads. The streamer's face contorted as she tried to salvage the situation. She had to shift direction and randomly ask a player about the pressure before the national tournament. "Is there any pressure?" The boy replied shortly, "No." "Are you confident about going deep?" "No." End of story. Extracting information from this team was like squeezing water from a boulder. The female streamer was furious, cursing inwardly. "The image of this team is already ruined. Don't they know how to save themselves?" From afar, Do Hyeong noticed the situation was hitting a dead end. He whistled to his teammates, saying although it was a bit early, they had to deploy their secret weapon to save the filming session. The scene immediately changed tone to slow motion, sparkling with an aura. A male god with a perfect side profile was leisurely pushing back his hair. Every drop of sweat falling carried an extremely strong visual impact. That was Young Won-jo. The producer exclaimed in admiration, "This face is perfect for being an idol." The female streamer seized the opportunity, pointing the mic to ask the handsome man about his future dreams. This was the chance to shine. But oh, a self-destruct move that went straight into the ground. Young Won-jo, standing before the camera, suddenly trembled, stuttering and unable to form a sentence. "N-n-national team player, hehe." The face of the male god suddenly turned into that of a foolish boy. Tae-sik and his friends outside held their heads in despair, screaming and yelling, wanting to rip off their friend's face because of this uselessness. The streamer and the producer retreated in disappointment. The plan to bait views seemed to have gone down the drain. She rubbed her forehead, saying "Forget everything, the survival goal now is to film some explosive plays from Gun-hyuk's son." Even so, her professional intuition told her that this story was still missing a core ingredient. At the edge of the field, Sijun was quietly puttering around in a yellow training mesh shirt over his school uniform. Do Hyeong, standing next to him, grumbled, asking why he was changing his shirt when his leg wasn't even healed enough to enter the field. Sijun chuckled and replied calmly that standing among people in training gear while wearing a school uniform looked too weird. At that moment, the radar of the female streamer caught the small figure of Sijun. Fair skin, a small build. She frowned and asked, "That single-lidded boy over there, with such fair skin, he must be the team manager, right?" Tae-sik was startled and hurriedly corrected her. "No manager," "Sijun is the ace," "the playmaking genius of Kwang Jin." "He's only been playing football for three months," "but he's already an irreplaceable starter." "He's only resting today because of an injury." As soon as the words were spoken, Haru's eyes widened to the max, sparkling as if she had found a gold mine. A genius who took only three months to become a pillar, a rough diamond currently nursing an injury. No audience would believe this absurd story, but that was exactly a media goldmine. A cunning smile appeared on the streamer's lips. She had a perfect plan. "If there's no story in reality, then we will create a story ourselves." The ultimate rule of the entertainment industry was summarized. The camera lens slowly shifted, zooming in on Sijun's innocent, clueless smile. The boy, holding the ball, had no idea that he was about to become the center of a shocking media storm. Well, good luck, Sijun, because trouble is about to knock on your door. That's the end of the chapter, see you again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nhpa98 [2 likes]: Ra bộ tiếp theo đi ad ơi
  2. @Phở-m5b [1 likes]: Cậu ơi ra tập tiếp theo đi mà ☺️☺️😚
  3. @HưngĐồng-o5j [1 likes]: Làm bộ tất cả tài năng bóng đá đều là của tôi đi ad lâu lắm rồi chx thấy p mới
  4. @HuyềnPhạm-i3v [1 likes]: Mai ra đi đợi mái
  5. @KiệtXike [1 likes]: Hay🎉
  6. @khaiphan-f7z [1 likes]: Mai ra tiếp nha bro đi lm về mệt nằm còn có video để coi ❤😂
  7. @ShackBaby-v6i [1 likes]: Mai ra nhá ní ơi hóng quá
  8. @Phở-m5b [1 likes]: Ra tập tiếp điiiii 😂😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
  9. @Phở-m5b [1 likes]: 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  10. @thumaipham1342 [1 likes]: 2 ông kia giống m10 với cr7 v😂
  11. @Me-Hypno [1 likes]: Hú
  12. @Me-Hypno [1 likes]: Ủa sao youtube k thông báo tr:)))

- Top 10 Funniest Farts On Live TV History: Kind: captions Language: en okay good I am do you take your CL yes you are I can't say excuse me is it something to do with wind do you just yes pass did you I had a b big Cy last night excuse me is that so is that is this what is this is this what you not for trumping you've just got your I'm sorry I shouldn't have said that I don't you know I have no idea I don't know okay well we give up on that one it's got nothing to do with the trumping but it is censored so let's find out who he isk you see you later more than two million people in the UK that put money into Irish Banks often attracted by good interest rates but the news that Ireland's economy is in crisis has left manyy worried about what will happen to those savings thank goodness Paul Lewis from Radio fors money box is here to help us through all of this um for best actress several golden glov I think it's one of the first stories that really talks about our experience post 9911 and it's our identity was really questioned and I think it it explores that in a really smart way well you know oh I was yeah you're so oh excuse me so differential just blew a little frog out of there talking about the SA the nation you know as you see it your character sees it it's in her hands and she's kind of lunatic no not even kind of as her Insanity escalates so do so does her ability to to actually uh Suess the problem out there's a relationship in love too which is complex even when she suspects him of being a terrorist she's starting [Music] to for hey saw me I doubt it anyway uh next week is uh we're doing something around here called what is this Thanksgiving secret revealed you just end up knowing that if you turn your head away he's going to try to put something over on you slip something in yeah and uh you you end up participating and say just a minute now he's going to do something I understand what he's up to now and you really start to watch what's happening that's the other thing about the humor is you have to pay attention to it sounds a sounds a great film to sounds a great film to work well we'll chat chat we'll chat more anything you want to say go Ahad we'll chat more later on stay with us yes pull both knees in and pull your forehead in grab hold to your shin and give yourself a rock up okay let's discussion M president yes I mov to add emergency Clause second adding the emergency clause and discussion mayor would you like [Laughter] to that's our first question the um agreement for architectural daylight oh boy can't make this stuff up um this is a uh revolving loan that comes from Community stop Community Development block grant money um we've been working on this with the state for literally months um it's been passed through the county we wait you know long after we're gone they're still going to be disgusting we have a okay yeah sorry yeah for yeah hum so think who I'm

  Top Comments:
  1. @R3L3NT_USA [1 likes]: 22M views and we’ve all done it 😂 I have a crazy efficient metabolism so it’s the only downside
  2. @georgiapatriot3617: If you cant laugh at a good fart, you must be dead inside😅😂
  3. @TooHighforThis-Smk_El8: the last one was not a fart bro omfg
  4. @OldsVistaCruiser: #2: Politicians talking out their 🫏🫏?
  5. @m.m9251: My kid once farted at the teacher's face when she bent down to pick up something behind him. She was so mad, she emailed me and didn't talk to me for 3 months 😂😂😂😂
  6. @appollosharris6319: 6:07 why she turn around? Cute lil booty though
  7. @TellTheTruth33: WHOOPIE, THE PIG THAT SHE TRULY IS.
  8. @TomBello-x1i: I'm honored to have a butthole
  9. @jimmieperry3418: ANYTHING YOU WANT TO SAY GO AHEAD!!!!
  10. @jimmieperry3418: WE'RE DOING SOMETHING AROUND HERE!!!!
  11. @NOXIOUS_C: Old lady farts are the worst
  12. @ScotsCoder: As you get older, some farts come with free DLC.  Never trust the fart.
  13. @PitfallHarry72: #5 was the sound made when she moved her cup. It wasn't a fart.
  14. @sirius_bp: What the FFF... art !!!
  15. @penkatadrums: If you don't laugh at a fart there's something wrong with you 😂
  16. @TeddyShark3: Farts don't discriminate. Vote 1.
  17. @TeddyShark3: I farted like an elephant last night and thought of Babar. 🐘
  18. @TeddyShark3: The fine line between fart and queef.😂
  19. @crystalgalafaro6079: That poor girl at #1 $hit herself lmao🤣
  20. @MarchionessDarby62: When it comes down to it, everyone is 12.

- Woman Faints While President Obama Gives Remarks About Healthcare Website Issues: Kind: captions Language: en and John eventually predicted that the website will work like a champ so John's he was frustrated by the website but he's feeling a little less frustrated once he found out that he was saving 900 bucks a month on his health insurance and John's right the website's going to get fixed and the law works that's why we fought so hard to pass this law to save folks like John money to give people who don't have health insurance the chance to get it for the first time to lift from the American people the crushing burden of unaffordable Health Care to free families from the pervasive fear that one illness there you go you okay I'm right here I got you yeah yeah no no you're you're okay this happens when I talk too long you'll be okay here why don't you go got come on good catch by the way whoever was here

  Top Comments:
  1. @mizzysparrots4874 [2 likes]: Meanwhile Trump would have let her fall and said something like “she’s in the way please remove her”
  2. @lyndsayms [2 likes]: This makes me tear up; I miss having a president who cares about others.
  3. @kimdaniells4514 [2 likes]: Obama Such a good decent man.
Trump would  be pissed if that were him. Taking attention away from him… Are you crazy?
  4. @anl-h7d [1 likes]: If it was trump, he would've watch her fall.😮
  5. @d.man.2174 [1 likes]: Isn't it amazing, the difference in Presidential empathy and character between then and now?
  6. @koenvancaelenbergh1007 [1 likes]: As a Belgian, (and I think I can speak for a great majority of people ...) : this was a time America was respected ! What a decent, gentle man ! How low you Americans have fallen now.
  7. @jerry9038: There is a compilation of this happening 13 times in the run up to the 2008 election, it was a fake act meant to trick people into thinking he is a caring person
  8. @WilliamJewett-m6f: First time passing out 2 times standing up come to on the ground
  9. @alexislebienheureux1459: Obama is pure evil
  10. @theworkerhours3141: low blood sugar
  11. @darrenmckinnon3354: This is humanity that Trump could never even imagine, never mind act out.  He made himself the butt of the joke to take the spotlight off her.
  12. @ZinOklahoma: Represented his health care plan well.  Propped up for a while, but ultimately caused skyrocketing premiums and inefficient care because it didn't do anything for the core problems and only applied temporary bandages.
  13. @ugaais: Worst piece of legislation..ACA is terrible, 10K deductible
  14. @ugaais: Probably the oder..
  15. @SwetaKanoyo: Fainet shoot!!!😮😢🎉😢😂😂❤😂🎉😮😮😢🎉😂😮😢🎉😂😂😢😮😮😢🎉😂😂❤❤😢😮😮😅🎉😂😂😅😅😅😅
  16. @dallassegno: Almost died of boredom I guess.
  17. @TrollsAndScrolls: PLOT TWIST: he farted
  18. @FellowOfTheHammer: She passed out bc she heard how much that dude was saving each month on health insurance.
  19. @CaltaTomas: Guys, you can clearly see at 1:14 that she has a CGM on her hand. She is clearly type 1 diabetic going through low blood sugar episode 😊

Honestly for me as type 1 diabetic myself this is amazing to see
  20. @isaelandrade1396: Muito gay Obama 
qual a dificuldade de acreditar nisso ?
Só não assumiu pra não perder a corrida para a presidência

- He Lived 17 Years In A Poor Village, Went To The Battlefield, And Returned As A God Of War: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome back to Bun Review. Our main protagonist today is Zhao Ji, who is reborn into the Warring States period. To his surprise, he turns out to be the son of Qin Shi Huang, Ying Zheng, and he also possesses a system that lets him level up to godhood by killing enemies. Come along with Bun and watch. In this chaotic Warring States era, killing never ceased, and a bleak, sorrowful atmosphere hung over the land. Qin, nominally the strongest state of the time, had already begun plotting to destroy the other six states and unify the realm. At this time, in Yongcheng, one of Qin's key military strongholds, there was stationed Qin's most elite army. In Li Family Village behind the mountain near Yongcheng, rain poured heavily from the sky. At that moment, Zhao Ji was kneeling in front of a grave, his face full of gloom and despair. Seeing this, Wan'er gently placed a hand on his shoulder and softly said, "Big Brother, Auntie has already passed away." She then moved to help Zhao Ji to his feet, but he stubbornly refused to leave. He said to Wan'er, "Wan'er, go back first. I'll be fine." The rain only deepened the chill in Zhao Ji's heart. Sadly, he reached out and touched the gravestone, lowering his head in pain as he murmured to himself, "I want to stay with Mother a little longer." The rain dripped down as his hand brushed over the neatly carved name of his mother on the wooden tombstone. He recalled his own origins. "I am Zhao Ji. Ever since I was born, I never knew who my father was." "And now Mother has left me too." Wan'er still had not moved a single step away. Heartbroken, she tried to persuade Zhao Ji. "If you're determined to torment yourself like this, then I'll kneel here with you too." And she did exactly as she said, kneeling on the ground beside him. Zhao Ji was stunned by what she had done, and he cried out in deep emotion. "Wan'er..." Wan'er answered resolutely, "I don't care. If Big Brother wants to kneel, then Wan'er will kneel with you too." Then she reached out and held the hand Zhao Ji had braced against the cold ground, as if to pass some strength to him. Zhao Ji's heart ached, and tears streamed down his face, hot tears mixing with the cold rain. He repeatedly kowtowed before his mother's grave, blaming himself. "Mother, your son has been unfilial." After a while, Zhao Ji slowly stood up and took Wan'er's hand to leave. The sky was dark and dim from the wind and rain, and the road back to Li Family Village at the foot of the mountain was slippery. As soon as Zhao Ji and Wan'er arrived at the village gate, one of Zhao Ji's aunts was already waiting there, offering comfort and condolences. "Ji'er, don't be too sad. Your mother is gone, but you still have us." One of the village women also looked at Zhao Ji with sympathy and sighed, "This poor child..." Another elder from Li Family Village spoke up to comfort him as well. "Zhao Ji, don't worry. We're all your family. Don't grieve too much." Hearing everyone's words, Zhao Ji was moved and said, "Uncles, Aunties, please don't worry. I'm not the kind of person who falls once and can never get back up." Wan'er also seemed a little brighter now and said to Zhao Ji, "Brother Ji, wait a moment. I'll go back and get you some food." But Zhao Ji replied, "Third Aunt, I'm really fine. Everyone, please go back and rest." Then Zhao Ji turned and entered the house. As he packed up his things, he thought to himself, "Mother is gone. Wan'er is the only person I'm worried about now. But how could a commoner like me ever be worthy of Wan'er, who comes from a prominent family?" Then Zhao Ji put on his hat neatly, gathered up his belongings, and left with his thoughts still churning. "It's already been seventeen years since I was reborn into this Warring States era. At seventeen, I've reached the age to enlist. Since I've been given a second life, I absolutely can't let it pass in obscurity. I want to join the army and rise above the rest." Suddenly, Zhao Ji froze. A system appeared before him and announced that the enemy-killing host had been activated. "Leveling system activated. Mission initiated: enlist in the army. Reward system unlocked. New player gift pack unlocked. Will the host accept the mission and claim the reward?" Zhao Ji stared at the system and couldn't help wondering, "Is this... a system?" "I've waited all these years, and at last... at last it has come." He looked excitedly at the system screen and thought back to the past. "Seventeen years ago, I transmigrated from a world with advanced modern science and technology into this chaotic Warring States era. And now my golden finger has finally appeared. This is a heaven-sent opportunity. I have to throw myself into this grand age of war. In the future, I will surely hold the realm in one hand and a beauty in the other. I want every woman I love to live in peace and safety." With that, Zhao Ji decisively selected the option on the system. "Yes, I accept the mission." A series of notifications appeared in the system. "Mission accepted successfully. Congratulations, Host, on activating the new player reward system. Congratulations, Host. You have obtained the Royal Martial Arts Basic Internal Skill. Congratulations, Host. You have obtained the Royal Martial Arts Basic Swordsmanship. Congratulations, Host. You have obtained one opportunity to establish your martial path." Then the system asked again, "Would the host like to receive the gifts?" Zhao Ji looked at it in confusion, wondering about these martial arts methods, then reached out and pressed, "Yes." Instantly, a heap of treasures appeared before him. Zhao Ji jumped up in delight. "I'm rich! In that case, I have to become the first person to rise through cultivation immediately." The system announced, "Receiving host directive. Reward use authorized: martial path establishment opportunity. Beginning physical data conversion. The host may gain experience and strengthen himself by killing enemies." "The more enemies the host kills, the more experience the host will gain." Zhao Ji's body began to change, and he could feel it clearly. His strength was increasing, and his body seemed to become much lighter. After a short while, the system asked again, "Would the host like to cultivate the techniques and martial skills now?" Zhao Ji agreed at once. "Start the martial path. What are we waiting for?" "Hurry up and cultivate." The system confirmed, "Receiving host directive. Cultivating Basic Internal Skill. Cultivating Basic Swordsmanship." Immediately, a powerful stream of energy surrounded Zhao Ji's body. He sat down seriously and cultivated for some time. Zhao Ji successfully completed his cultivation and achieved a breakthrough. The system displayed the results. "Congratulations. Congratulations, Host, on cultivating successfully." Zhao Ji's personal information panel was also fully displayed. "Character: Zhao Ji. Level: First Layer of the Houtian Realm. Physical Strength: 100. Internal Energy: 200. Cultivation Method: Level 1 Basic Internal Skill. Martial Skill: Level 1 Basic Swordsmanship. Experience required to level up: 200." At this moment, Zhao Ji was brimming with confidence. He unlocked the enemy-killing level-up martial path, picked up his hat, and prepared himself to enlist. Clenching his fists, he resolved, "At last, I have a chance to rise." Zhao Ji was now ready to set out. Carrying his pack on his shoulder, he strode away with renewed vigor. Before leaving, Zhao Ji looked around the house with tears in his eyes. He stared toward the window, and just then Wan'er arrived. Startled, she called out to him, "Brother Ji, where are you going?" Wan'er had brought food for Zhao Ji. Standing outside the door in confusion, she waited for his answer, while Zhao Ji was also mildly surprised by her sudden appearance. He slowly walked over to Wan'er. She crouched down, opened the food box, and offered him the food. Zhao Ji gently sat down and said to Wan'er, "Wan'er, I've made my decision." Wan'er asked in confusion, "What decision?" Zhao Ji answered softly, "I want to join the army." Unexpectedly, Wan'er tried to stop him very forcefully. "Join the army? No, you can't! The battlefield is an extremely dangerous place." Zhao Ji only held her shoulders and comforted her. "Wan'er, I know very well how you feel about me. But I'm a man. How can I stay forever in this mountain village? I have to become truly outstanding. Only then can I one day marry you properly and honorably as my wife." Wan'er was still deeply worried. "But do you know that once you go to the battlefield, it's a path where survival is one in ten thousand? If something happens to you, what am I supposed to do?" Zhao Ji replied with confidence, "Just trust me. I definitely won't die. I will earn military merit and receive a noble rank. Once I obtain status, I will come and marry you openly and honorably, because I want everyone under heaven to envy you." Wan'er asked softly, "Brother, do you really think that way?" Zhao Ji assured her firmly, "Of course. You can rest easy." Still anxious, Wan'er suddenly threw herself into Zhao Ji's arms. "Brother Ji, this body of mine, this heart of mine, both belong to you." And just as she said, beneath the flickering warm candlelight, Wan'er gave her precious body to Zhao Ji. He gently comforted her. "Don't worry. I will definitely take responsibility for you." Wan'er still seemed dazed as she asked again, "Brother Ji, do you truly want to enlist?" Zhao Ji answered decisively, "I must join. In Great Qin, noble rank is granted through military merit. I must obtain a rank that sets me above others. When that time comes, I will openly and honorably bring you home." Then Zhao Ji sat up and reached for a box containing jade pendants. He said to Wan'er, "This jade pendant was left to me by my mother. These two pieces, when joined together, form one complete pendant." He handed one piece to Wan'er and said, "Keep this piece with you, and I'll wear the other one. Let this count as my betrothal gift to you. Of course, once I have achieved status, I will certainly present your father with a great amount of betrothal gifts." Holding the jade pendant in her hand, Wan'er said firmly to Zhao Ji, "Brother Ji, don't worry. I will definitely wait for you to come back." Then, early the next morning, the villagers all gathered in great numbers in front of Zhao Ji's house. Old Grandpa Li asked Zhao Ji, "Have you truly thought this through? The battlefield is a place where death is almost certain. Your mother has only just passed away. According to the rites of mourning, you could be exempt from conscription for three years." But Zhao Ji did not waver. He replied, "Grandpa, I have already decided. As a man of Great Qin, loyalty to the ruler and service to the nation are my duty. Besides, this is the only chance for people of humble birth like us to make a name for ourselves." At that moment, a villager pointed toward the soldiers and shouted, "Captain Wang from the Yongcheng military camp has arrived!" Captain Wang respectfully greeted everyone. "I am Captain Wang of Yongcheng. I have come on behalf of Great Qin to receive this year's new recruits." "These are all the new soldiers for this year." Then Grandpa Li took the list of recruits and handed it to Captain Wang. He said calmly, "Here, our Li Family Village has strong young men ready to join the army and defend the country." Captain Wang took the list and loudly ordered the recruits to step out and stand at attention. And so all the new recruits stood in neat rows. They had all already changed into military clothing. At that point, Grandpa Li invited each of them to drink some wine. He said, "Strong wine stirs up courage." All the recruits drained their cups of strong liquor in one gulp. Zhao Ji did the same, finishing it in a single breath. It felt invigorating. Then Grandpa Li gave the signal for the beauty to present the sword. Smiling, Wan'er slowly brought the sword over to Zhao Ji. She softly called, "Brother..." Zhao Ji happily accepted the sword and tightly held Wan'er's hand. He pulled Wan'er into his arms and embraced her tightly. "Wan'er, you look beautiful today." Wan'er's face reddened. "I will wait for you to come back. I already belong to you. Even if I die, I will forever be your woman." Zhao Ji replied, "Mm, wait for me to return." After the wine-drinking and sword-giving ceremony, Captain Wang loudly declared, "All right. Starting today, for the next year, once you enlist, you are no longer civilians, but soldiers. Follow me to the camp." From afar, Wan'er cried out, "Brother Ji!" Meanwhile, Zhao Ji silently made a vow. "Wan'er, I will definitely become outstanding, and then I will marry you." At that moment, the system chimed in again. "Congratulations, Host, on successfully enlisting. Reward: one storage space. As the host's level increases, the storage space will also expand." Looking into the distance toward the military camp, Zhao Ji understood that enlisting was only the beginning. As they entered deeper into the camp, the captain explained things to the recruits. "The soldiers of Great Qin are divided into several types: capital troops, prefectural and county troops, and border defense troops. Each has its own duty. The capital troops protect the capital and safeguard Xianyang Commandery. The prefectural and county troops are responsible for defending local fortifications. The border defense troops guard the frontier and prevent invasion by other states. Aside from these, there is another title—that of the true warriors of Great Qin—those who go to the battlefield and kill." After hearing this, Zhao Ji immediately spoke up. "I want very much to become a true warrior of Great Qin." Another recruit standing in line expressed his concern. "Brother Ji, if you go to the battlefield, you could die." Zhao Ji looked at the sword Wan'er had given him and made up his mind. "Compared to death, what I fear more is being an ordinary nobody. I, Zhao Ji, came here to become exceptional." As everyone proceeded farther into the camp, Captain Wang reported, "The new recruits have arrived at the martial drill platform to receive the general's orders." And so the group of recruits surged toward the platform. Zhao Ji stood at the front of the line. He said to the person beside him, "Looks like everyone here is a new recruit enlisting this year. But after the assignments are made, each of us will go our separate ways." The recruit beside him sighed in admiration. "Brother Ji really knows a lot." After everyone waited for a while, someone announced, "The general has arrived." General Meng Tian stood above the viewing platform in all his imposing majesty. He called out loudly to welcome the recruits. "Welcome, all of you, for joining and becoming part of Great Qin's army." General Meng Tian of Yongcheng shouted, "Once you join Great Qin's army, you become its sharpest blade. When men across the realm enlist and don armor, they become soldiers subject to military command. Military orders are heaven's orders to you. The martial might of Great Qin is the greatest under heaven. The army is governed by strict military law. Whoever dares violate military discipline within the ranks—if the offense is light, he will be punished; if heavy, he will be executed. I hope you all will abide by military law. Next, the training arrangements for the new recruits will be announced." Meng Tian's close subordinate then unfurled a scroll. He spoke, "The newly enlisted soldiers will stay in the new recruit camp for training. One month later, they will be assigned to their respective battalions. Regardless of being newly enlisted, military pay will still be issued according to rank." Zhao Ji thought to himself, "Great Qin truly places enormous importance on military law. And the rewards and stipends are so generous as well. No wonder it was able to unify the realm." "In Great Qin's military merit rank system, the first noble rank is Gongshi, but the yearly stipend is only a certain number of dan. As rank rises, not only does the stipend increase, but land and gold and silver are also bestowed. For the people of Great Qin, as long as they achieve merit and build accomplishments for the nation, every single person has a chance to rise to the highest positions." The man above rolled up the scroll and said, "The announcement is over. Next, troop assignments will be determined by a fair and impartial drawing of lots." Two recruits standing below immediately whispered among themselves, "If I could draw the capital troops and guard the capital, that would be much safer." The other nodded in agreement. "That's right. I just hope I don't draw border defense troops. You may be able to earn military merit on the battlefield, but I don't want to lose my life either." Li Qing, who was standing behind Zhao Ji, placed a hand on his shoulder and asked, "Brother Ji, which branch are you hoping to draw?" Zhao Ji merely turned around without answering him. What he said next stunned Li Qing. Zhao Ji stood up straight and called out boldly, "May I ask the honored generals, if I draw border defense troops, will I be allowed to go into battle?" His words shocked everyone present. All the newly enlisted recruits hoped they would not lose their lives on the battlefield. Yet he, a brand-new recruit, was actually willing to throw himself into danger, leaving everyone astonished. Meng Tian stepped forward, puzzled. "What? You want to choose the border defense troops of your own accord?" He walked down from the martial drill platform. Coming closer to the young man before him, Zhao Ji answered frankly, "That's right. I want to choose the border defense troops. Since I am a soldier of Great Qin, defending the nation and going into battle to kill the enemy are naturally my responsibility. Moreover, I must earn military merit and obtain noble rank. I must become someone extraordinary." Seeing the determination and heroic bearing in his eyes, Meng Tian felt a trace of admiration. The recruits behind him whispered among themselves. "That guy... doesn't he care about his life anymore?" One person turned in shock. "Brother Ji actually chose the border defense troops." Li Qing nodded. "Brother Ji is serious." General Meng Tian nodded generously and said, "Excellent. Such spirit. I want to know your name." The youth answered, "Zhao Ji of Li Family Village." Meng Tian nodded. "Good. Zhao Ji, I will remember you." After saying that, he returned to the martial drill platform. Pointing at Zhao Ji, he said, "Step out of the line and go over there to wait for your troop assignment token." Zhao Ji cupped his hands and bowed. "Understood." He felt a bit excited. He had only just entered the military camp, yet General Meng Tian had already taken notice of him. Such a rare opportunity had to be seized properly. Then someone behind them called out, "The drawing begins." Night had already fallen, and the soldiers returned to their tents and sat down. Strong. Zhao Ji looked at his card, feeling delighted. Next, he only had to wait until he could go to the battlefield. In the war to destroy the Six States, as long as he seized the opportunity to kill enemies and rank up, he would then be able to roam among the pinnacle martial paths of the world. A hand lifted the tent flap, and Li Qing entered with a group of others. Why are you all here? Li Qing stepped forward and said, Brother Ji, we've all made up our minds. Zhao Ji narrowed his eyes. Made up your minds about what? Li Qing replied, "Brother Ji, the nine of us will all be staying with you for the coming year." Zhao Ji immediately stood up and asked, Don't tell me you all chose the border army too. Li Qing nodded. That's right, we all chose the border troops. Zhao Ji said, The battlefield is a place where death is almost certain. Haven't you thought this through? Seeing this, the boys behind Li Qing answered, Ever since we were little, Brother Ji's ideas have always been the best. Besides, if we get assigned to some other branch, we might get bullied there too. We'd rather come here with Brother Ji. The person beside them nodded. That's right. On the battlefield, we'll live and die together with Brother Ji. Li Qing continued, We all think Brother Ji is right. And as long as Brother Ji is here, even if it's the battlefield, we're not afraid. Zhao Ji thought to himself, They're just uneasy being on their own, so they all chose the border army. We all grew up together, and we've already been through life and death side by side. He nodded. All right then. Suddenly, the space darkened, and he turned around. A system notification appeared, successively announcing rank-promotion missions. Every military rank would grant a system reward. The system, the system's giving me another mission. He asked the system in a daze, So by raising my military rank and noble title, I can get system rewards again? Seeing Zhao Ji muttering such strange things, Li Qing asked, Brother Ji, what are you talking about? Zhao Ji jolted and let out an "Ah." He quickly regained his composure and replied, What did I say? So you've all decided to go with me, right? Li Qing nodded. Of course. We've already come all the way here, so how could we be pretending? Zhao Ji said happily, Good. We've grown up together since childhood, and now we're going to the battlefield together as brothers who'll live and die side by side. Everyone nodded in unison. Zhao Ji stepped into the middle of the group and said, Tomorrow is the first training session for the new recruits. I'll do my best to earn a military rank. If I can get the position of squad leader, I'll bring you all with me. He turned and placed a hand on Li Qing's shoulder. If I can help all of you earn rank too, that would be even better. Li Qing smiled and replied, All right, we'll all listen to you, Brother Ji. The others nodded as well. Mm, that's right. Zhao Ji continued, All right then, it's getting late, so let's get some rest first. Everyone said their goodbyes and returned to their own tents. The patrolling soldiers carried torches and called out for everyone to put out the lamps and rest. At that moment, everyone else had already quieted down and gone to sleep, but Zhao Ji was still wide awake. Lying there with his hands behind his head, he thought in the stillness of the night, I should take this chance to train. My physique has already been datafied. Aside from killing enemies to increase experience, cultivating techniques can also help increase inner force. He sat cross-legged upright, and the system interface immediately appeared with his character information. Zhao Ji, Level 1. Postnatal first-layer realm. Stamina 100, inner force 200. Cultivation technique: Basic Inner Skill Level 1. Martial skill: Basic Swordsmanship Level 1. Experience needed to level up: 180. He looked at the system interface, stroked his chin, and thought, Running the technique through a full circulation isn't much different from sleeping. In just one night, my inner force has gone up by 20. It's not much, but it's still progress. Suddenly, a commotion sounded outside. It felt like many people were approaching on foot. Zhao Ji immediately stopped in alarm. That's not right. A lot of people are coming, but there hasn't been a single alarm bell. He instantly knew something bad was about to happen. Zhao Ji sprang to his feet and shouted, Li Qing, Li Er, wake up! Something's happened. Hearing him, Li Qing sat up and rubbed his eyes. Brother Ji, it's not even dawn yet. What are you doing? Zhao Ji said urgently, Stop wasting words and wake Gouzi and the others right now. Li Qing heard the noise outside and immediately realized something was wrong. Zhao Ji picked up his sword and prepared himself. He thought to himself, The first day in the new recruit camp definitely wouldn't be that simple. As long as one performs well in camp, one can earn the rank of five-man leader. So those veteran soldiers, in order to establish their authority over the new recruits, are bound to do something. Although a five-man leader only commands five soldiers, if all nine of us earn the rank of five-man leader, then together we'll form a force of soldiers. That way, once we're on the battlefield, we can also help one another. The footsteps drew closer and closer. Those veteran soldiers aggressively headed toward the tents of the new recruits. One of them barked fiercely, Once we rush in, hit every man you see. We need to teach these new recruits a proper lesson and let them know what the military camp is all about. Another one rolled up his sleeves and said viciously, Don't worry, Brother Wu. We'll definitely make these rookies remember this for the rest of their lives. They threw open the tent flap. Everyone was carrying clubs, swords, or sabers as they rushed inside. Shouts immediately rang out from within. Hit them! Hit them hard! Make them remember this for life! This was accompanied by the sounds of blows landing and miserable screams. In one quiet corner of the camp, loud noise erupted. The officer turned and asked his subordinate, Who went over to that side of the camp? His subordinate immediately answered, Reporting to General, it's Old Wu. The officer frowned. These old soldiers don't know what restraint means. Go warn them. Don't hit too hard. Disciplining new recruits still needs moderation. No one is allowed to beat anyone to death. Yes, sir. After being kicked in the face, one of the veteran soldiers fell flat on his back. After taking down that one, Zhao Ji punched another man in the face. He spun around and rammed the hilt of his sword into that man's stomach. A short while later, the veteran soldiers had been defeated by Zhao Ji's group of new recruits. One man standing inside the circle of recruits lowered his head and said, Brother Wu, this isn't right. These new recruits are pretty fierce. Brother Wu pointed ahead and complained shamelessly, You... you actually dared to hit us back. You lot are truly undisciplined. Zhao Ji spoke up, What, did you old-timers come barging in here with clubs just to give us a massage? Li Qing followed up, It's a good thing Brother Ji had prepared in advance. Brothers, let's teach them a lesson they'll never forget. Brothers, charge! The new recruits immediately rolled up their sleeves and rushed forward with imposing momentum, stomping all over the veteran soldiers. Then a broadcast sounded from outside. Assembly call! Everyone who had been sleeping in the tents quickly ran to the center of the camp to gather. The new recruits who had just been fighting also hurried out. Two people quietly spoke to each other. These old-timers only know how to bully newcomers like us. They were really ruthless too. The man beside him nodded. That's right. Hearing the discussion, the officer turned his head and noticed Old Wu's group stumbling out of the tent in front of the crowd, supporting one another. He immediately asked, What happened here? After hearing the story, several other veteran soldiers mocked them. So the screams just now weren't from those new recruits after all. Haha, these veteran soldiers actually got taught a lesson by a bunch of recruits in their very first clash. The officer shouted angrily, You disgraceful lot, get back into formation. One of the men with a bruised black eye forced himself to speak. General, we... we have no excuse. They limped back into line together. Only then did the officer ask, Who did it? From within the crowd, a pair of feet stepped forward. Zhao Ji cupped his fists and bowed. I did. The officer looked puzzled. You? This general recognizes you. You're the one who took the initiative to join the border troops, right? Yes, General. The officer nodded. Very good. Tell me then, what exactly happened here? Zhao Ji replied, Reporting to General, my brothers and I were resting in the camp when a group of enemies burst into our tent intending to attack us. Therefore, I led my brothers in a counterattack. The officer asked in surprise, What did you say? The veteran soldiers whispered among themselves. This idiot recruit has a death wish. How dare he provoke the General like that? The officer looked at the young man in front of him and secretly assessed him. No wonder General Meng thought differently of this boy and secretly told me to pay attention to him. This youngster is indeed no ordinary person. Haha. He suddenly let out a hearty laugh. Good! He turned around, stepped onto a pile of stacked barrels, and said, Well said: a group of enemies burst into the camp. Well said: I led my brothers in a counterattack. This general is Pang Zhuang. By General Meng's order, I oversee the new recruit camp. Today, you've all seen that natural selection produces those who are fit to survive, while those defeated soldiers who were beaten back simply lacked ability. He pointed at the new recruits and said, Great Qin needs capable men like you on battlefields where survival is but one chance in ten thousand. To give the enemy even one chance is the same as offering them your own life. Li Er placed a hand on Zhao Ji's shoulder and laughed. Brother Ji, General Pang is praising you. Zhao Ji humbly replied, Don't rush. The game has only just begun. At this moment, Pang Zhuang shouted loudly, Zhao Ji, receive your order! Pang Zhuang continued, Today, you maintained vigilance at all times and were the first in Great Qin's camp to counterattack soldiers who launched a sneak attack. Today, this general promotes you to camp commander. Zhao Ji immediately cupped his fists and knelt without saying anything further. The crowd was stunned. What? A camp commander can command fifty men. He just entered the army camp, and in a single day he's already become a camp commander? This has never happened before. Li Qing laughed and said, As expected of Brother Ji. From now on, we'll follow Brother Ji. Seeing that Zhao Ji still wasn't speaking to accept the order, Pang Zhuang asked him, Why aren't you accepting it? Don't tell me you don't want to be a camp commander? Zhao Ji raised his eyes and replied, May I ask, General, among the new soldiers entering camp, what is the highest military rank one can attain? Everyone was stunned, then fell silent. Pang Zhuang frowned. This Zhao Ji may be young, but his ambitions run deep. Even the position of camp commander isn't enough for him? The subordinate standing beside Pang Zhuang pointed straight at Zhao Ji and shouted, Recruit, don't be too arrogant. Zhao Ji stood up and said frankly, Reporting to General, in that case, let's make a bet. Let those ten bodyguards come at me together. If I lose, I'll submit to whatever punishment you decide. But if I win, I want these brothers of mine to become camp commanders and squad leaders under my command. What? He wants to fight ten men by himself? Has this guy gone crazy? That's right, he's far too arrogant. Brother Ji, hurry and apologize to the General. Hearing this, Pang Zhuang was disappointed. I thought a true talent had appeared, but it turns out he's only an arrogant fool. If I don't crush his spirit, he'll truly never know the immensity of heaven and earth. At this point, he shouted loudly, Guards, to the martial stage! Zhao Ji cupped his fists. Thank you, General, for granting my request. At this moment, Zhao Ji stood in the center, surrounded in a circle by the General's guards. One of them spoke up and suggested, Kid, how about we go one at a time so you don't lose too badly. But most of the others looked distinctly displeased with him. One of them then shouted, Brat! He clenched his fist and punched toward Zhao Ji from behind, while continuing to bark, I've never seen a new recruit this arrogant. Today I'll let you have a taste of what that leads to. Zhao Ji swiftly noticed it. He thought to himself, With the speed of these guys, I can handle them completely. Looks like last night's training wasn't wasted. Just as that punch was about to strike Zhao Ji, he ducked in an instant and counterattacked in reverse. Zhao Ji's punch shot straight into the middle of the soldier's face. The force was so great that it sent him flying backward. Standing outside, Li Qing watched in stunned amazement and blurted out, What the hell? With one punch from Brother Ji, that veteran soldier was sent flying. His face swelled up immediately, one eye turning black and blue. He admitted, That punch was way too strong. Looks like when this kid beat us earlier, he had already shown mercy. General Pang now also voiced his praise. This boy has some skill. That one punch was enough to knock down one of my guards. At this point, the other guards were all fired up and shouted, Brothers, attack! Instead of going one by one, all nine of the remaining men charged at Zhao Ji together. Yet Zhao Ji easily dodged every blow that came at him. Not only that, after avoiding each attack, Zhao Ji dropped another man with a single punch. When he was done using his hands, he used his feet as well, fierce and decisive. Zhao Ji struck downward hard with one hand, and his extraordinary inner force immediately blasted those guard soldiers away. They collapsed on the ground, crying out miserably without stop. General Pang watched in such shock that he couldn't say a word. Zhao Ji's brothers were no exception and all exclaimed in amazement. Are we seeing this right? How is Brother Ji this powerful? Exactly. Back when Brother Ji was little, he got into plenty of fights, but he was never this terrifying. We really ought to thank Brother Ji for showing mercy before. Ten of General Pang's veteran guards have actually been beaten down by him just like that. One of General Pang's guards lowered his head and reported softly, General, this Zhao Ji truly has ability. One of the ten bodyguards who had just been defeated by Zhao Ji struggled to his feet and asked, Kid, where did you learn that technique? It's far too powerful. Zhao Ji did not answer right away. He walked over, helped one man to his feet, and asked with concern, Brothers, are you all right? The man replied, Thank you for showing mercy. Standing on the raised platform, General Pang announced in a ringing voice, This general's promise to you remains unchanged. A thousand men in this camp have all witnessed your strength. Today, this general appoints Zhao Ji as centurion. Does any soldier here object? Not a single person present had any objection. They clenched their fists and raised them high, cheering, Zhao Ji! Zhao Ji! Zhao Ji! He revealed a satisfied smile. At that moment, the system popped up a notification. Congratulations, Host, on completing the mission. You have been appointed centurion, jumping four ranks in a row. For attaining five-man leader, reward: one bottle of Qi-Replenishing Pills, Yellow Rank. For attaining ten-man leader, reward: one bottle of Qi-Enhancing Pills, mid-grade Yellow Rank. For attaining camp commander, reward: martial skill, Fierce Tiger Fist, a mid-grade Yellow Rank combat art. For attaining centurion, reward: high-grade Yellow Rank weapon, Refined Steel Sword. Looking at the items on the system screen, Zhao Ji could not help but smile inwardly. It seems the higher the military post, the greater the rewards. With these martial skills and pills, my strength will improve by leaps and bounds. Thinking this, Zhao Ji suddenly burst into loud laughter. General Pang then ordered his subordinate, Quickly report this matter to General Meng. Before long, the camp sank back into silence. The next day, at Zhangtai Palace in Xianyang, a man with the bearing of a sovereign stood before a map, watching it with a furrowed brow. Just then, a eunuch suddenly entered and reported, Your Majesty, a memorial has arrived from General Meng at the Yongcheng camp. The King of Qin still said nothing. His close eunuch reached out and took the memorial, and the old eunuch received it and said, Meng Tian? His Majesty has not seen him for a very long time. After taking the memorial from the eunuch, the King ordered, Summon Li Si, the Chief Judge, Zheng Guo, Feng Quji, Wang Jian, and Meng Yi to see me. Having said that, he opened the memorial and, while reading, remarked with interest, Ever since Lord Shang's reforms and the system of rewarding military merit with noble ranks, no one has ever broken the established pattern of the military camp. Yet this new recruit Zhao Ji led men to beat up veteran soldiers, and with his own strength defeated battle-hardened veterans and was promoted to centurion. I only hope Meng Tian has not misjudged this man, and that in the future he may render service to Great Qin. A moment later, the eunuch led in those who had been summoned and reported, Your Majesty, Wang Jian and the other ministers have all arrived. The King of Qin ordered them to enter. Those men spoke in unison, This subject greets Your Majesty. In the middle of the night, Your Majesty summoned us ministers. What matter requires us? The King of Qin cut straight to the point and asked, How goes the task I assigned you all? Minister Zheng Guo stepped forward and reported, Reporting to Your Majesty, the canal is stable, and the waters of the Yellow River flow on without end. For many years now, the region within the passes has enjoyed abundant harvests and has become the granary of our Great Qin. After he finished speaking, it was Grand Minister Feng Quji's turn to report. "Your Majesty, for the past several years, our Great Qin has not joined the eastern states in war. Now our grain stores are sufficient to support a million elite Qin soldiers in continuous combat for the next two years." Lord Li Si then reported, "Your Majesty, as for military supplies, our weapons are fully prepared and have been improved enough for Great Qin to sweep across the realm." Lord Wang Jian continued, "Your Majesty, regarding military strength: the Yongcheng camp has three hundred thousand troops, the Lantian main camp has three hundred thousand troops, and the Hangu main camp has three hundred thousand troops. We await only Your Majesty's command. A million elite soldiers of Great Qin are ready to fight for Qin and for Your Majesty." After hearing this, the King of Qin said, "Good. Tonight, I suddenly had an idea." The assembled ministers immediately bowed their heads and asked the King to speak. The King of Qin said decisively, "I intend to destroy Han." The Commandant and the Chief Judge both looked startled and asked, "Your Majesty wishes to destroy Han?" The King then explained, "That's right. Only by destroying Han can Great Qin open an eastern route for expansion." Hearing this, the Chief Judge immediately remarked, "Your Majesty is wise. Han is the weakest of the eastern states. Its entire military strength amounts to only one hundred thousand men, but the question is who should be sent to destroy Han." Sensing the Commandant's hesitation, the King of Qin handed him the memorial in his hand and said, "Earlier, I had been pondering day and night over whom to choose for the Han campaign. Then this memorial arrived, and suddenly everything became clear." The Chief Judge accepted the memorial and asked in confusion, "Your Majesty wants General Meng Tian to destroy Han?" The King of Qin answered loudly, "That's right." The Chief Judge hesitated slightly and said, "Your Majesty, to make such a decision because of a newly enlisted soldier... is that really..." The King interrupted, "I am not joking with you. I can see that there is something variable about him." The Chief Judge asked in surprise, "A variable?" "That's right, Chief Judge. The land you were granted is in Li Family Village, correct?" Hearing this, the Chief Judge replied, "Yes, Your Majesty. Moreover, my daughter has always lived there." Hearing that, the King of Qin waved his hand and ordered, "Pass on my decree. Meng Tian is to march today and destroy Han." After hearing this, all the ministers bowed and accepted the royal command. The King of Qin's eyes grew thoughtful as he murmured, "The war to unify the realm will begin with this campaign against Han." Half a month later, at the Yongcheng main camp, General Meng Tian stood atop a high platform, one hand gripping the hilt of his sword as he declared in a ringing voice, "Today marks the end of half a month of training. Some of you were only newly arrived recruits. But now, you have become the finest soldiers of Great Qin, soldiers who will make all under heaven tremble." All the soldiers shouted in unison. General Meng Tian raised the royal decree and announced, "I, Meng Tian, am the commanding general of the Yongcheng camp. Today I have come to inform you of an important matter." Some of the soldiers looked at what he held and recognized it. One stammered, "That's the King of Qin's decree." Standing nearby, Zhao Ji also secretly rejoiced. "Excellent. Could it be that Qin Shi Huang is finally going to move against the other states?" He entered his system space to check his level. Over the past half month, relying on Qi-Boosting Pills, he had risen by two levels. His strength had also increased severalfold. The screen displayed: Character: Zhao Ji. Level: 3, Third Level of the Houtian Realm. Stamina: 300. Internal Energy: 350. Cultivation Technique: Basic Internal Art, Level 3. Martial Skill: Basic Swordsmanship, Level 3. Points required to level up: 300. As long as I can get onto the battlefield, kill enemies, earn merit, and gain experience, my strength will definitely soar. General Meng Tian unfolded the royal decree and read it aloud before the entire army. "By decree of the King of Qin: since the enfeoffment of the Zhou, war among the feudal lords has never ceased. The common people under heaven have lived in constant turmoil. Countless civilians have died miserably in these wars. I deeply understand that the realm is unsettled and chaos unending. Therefore, I have resolved to eliminate the rival states and pacify all under heaven, bringing peace and stability to the world. I command General Meng of the Yongcheng camp to lead two hundred thousand troops eastward and destroy Han. This order must not be disobeyed." Some of the soldiers panicked after hearing this and whispered among themselves, "What? We're really going to the battlefield? Didn't they say new recruits had to undergo a long period of training before going to war?" Only Zhao Ji was full of excitement. Stroking his chin, he thought, "Destroying Han... so it really is a war of annihilation." General Meng Tian raised the sword in his hand and roused the army's morale. "The royal decree is the mandate of heaven. The battlefield is the best training ground you could ask for. In half an hour, our Yongcheng camp will set out, march east, and campaign against Han." Beside him, General Pang also shouted, "It's only Han. What is there to fear? Charge into Han territory and smash the Han camp!" Hearing this, the soldiers' morale soared. They all raised their arms and shouted with resolve, "Charge into Han territory and smash the Han camp!" The banner of the Yongcheng camp was raised high, flapping loudly in the wind. In less than ten days, the entire Qin military line had begun to move. An order was issued to Great General Wang Jian to lead three hundred thousand troops from Han territory toward Zhao territory in coordination with the campaign to destroy Han. General Pang rode a black horse at the head of a small force. He said, "This time, I originally intended to request General Meng's permission to take three thousand men as the vanguard and strike into Han. On the battlefield, there is no such thing as new soldiers or old soldiers. None of you are allowed to flee. None of you are allowed to break formation." Zhao Ji and another man stood behind him and immediately bowed their heads to receive the order. Zhao Ji then turned back and reminded Li Qing, "Ahead lies the border of Han. Go tell the brothers that in a moment they must stay close behind me and follow my command." Li Qing immediately replied, "Got it, Brother Ji." The battlefield stretched vast and wide. Right before them stood the Han army camp. When the Han sentries saw the mighty Qin forces approaching, they immediately blew their horns in alarm. A soldier hurried in to report to the general. "Bad news, General! The Qin army has attacked and reached us already!" Hearing this, the Han general was shocked and flustered. "What? Wasn't the Qin army still far away?" The messenger immediately confirmed, "There is no mistake. They've already reached the front lines." The Han general slammed the table and shouted an order, "Pass the command! Gather all troops at once and engage the Qin army!" A brutal battle erupted between the two armies. A Qin soldier on horseback shouted as he charged forward, "Elite warriors of Great Qin, follow me in!" At that very moment, an arrow flew over and pierced straight into his chest. The Han army had already drawn their bows in counterattack. At the command to fire, countless arrows shot forth toward the Qin troops. As Zhao Ji rode forward, he knocked aside the arrows with his spear and shouted a warning, "Stay behind me! I'll block the arrows!" "Li Qing, charge with me! We'll deal with those archers first!" Li Qing obediently followed the order. Zhao Ji spurred his horse and surged forward. He slashed apart volley after volley of arrows. Driving his horse over the barricade built from sandbags, he thrust out with his spear and killed enemy after enemy. I must get it. Zhao Ji himself had no idea how many Han archers he had already cut down. At the same time, the system sounded a notification. Congratulations, Host. You have successfully killed ordinary enemies. You have gained 10 experience points. General Pang stroked his chin and could not help exclaiming, "That brat really isn't afraid of death." At the same time, the Han army also surged forward to slaughter the Qin troops. Zhao Ji leaped down from his horse, drew his sword, and shouted with determination, "Power and strength—I will have both. Today I'll kill to my heart's content, earn merit by destroying the enemy, and rise in rank!" He charged into the enemy ranks, swinging his sharp sword. With every slash he unleashed, another enemy fell. A Han soldier suddenly tried to strike him from behind. Zhao Ji spun around at once and severed both the man's weapon and one of his arms. Several enemies were so shocked that they cried out in fear, "This guy... why is his weapon so unbelievably sharp?" Zhao Ji immediately burst into laughter and challenged them, "Come on then! All of you, attack together!" Provoked by his taunt, the Han soldiers all rushed forward at once. Zhao Ji did not stand still either; he charged straight at them. With a single slash, a whole line of enemy weapons was cut clean in half. The Han camp's banner wavered as though about to collapse. The forces of Great Qin smashed through the defensive line and stormed inside. Zhao Ji was the first to lead the charge in. Zhao Ji thought, As long as I seize the merit of killing the enemy general, I will definitely be able to advance in rank. Then he drew his sword and struck decisively at the enemy troops. "Anyone who dares block my path will die!" When the Han general saw Zhao Ji leading troops and about to break through to this point, he furiously ordered his subordinates, "Men! Kill that fellow for this general!" Hearing the command, the Han soldiers obeyed and rushed toward Zhao Ji with weapons in hand. But their attack accomplished nothing; a single slash from Zhao Ji sent them flying several meters away. Seeing this, the Han general and his men all retreated in fear. Terrified of death, the general urged frantically, "Quick! Stop him! He's charging over here!" After shouting that, he took advantage of his soldiers trying to block Zhao Ji, scrambled onto his horse, and prepared to flee. Looking at the distant troops rushing forward, he frowned and said, "Today's defeat is already certain. I must hurry back to Xinzheng and report this." Seeing that the general intended to flee, Zhao Ji naturally would not allow it. With one slash he wiped out the petty soldiers blocking him and shouted angrily, "Trying to run? Have you asked the sword in my hand whether it agrees?" Zhao Ji sprang upward in a single bound and shot through the air toward the Han general. The Han soldiers below were horrified at the sight and cried out, "Is this man human or a ghost?" Another soldier said, "This kid... just how great is his strength?" In no time, Zhao Ji was already standing before the Han general. The man was scared out of his wits when he saw Zhao Ji, and cried out in fear, "You... you...!" Zhao Ji narrowed his eyes, killing intent flashing within them. Smiling, he said, "I want your head." Before the man could even react, Zhao Ji's blade had already slashed down. That man's death was certain. The moment the enemy general's head fell, the Han banner also crashed down with it, proving that this position had fallen. Holding up the general's severed head, Zhao Ji shouted toward the soldiers in the camp, "Your commanding general has already been beheaded by me. If you cast down your weapons and surrender, your lives will be spared!" The soldiers below looked at one another in panic and said fearfully, "The general is dead. We're defeated. We've lost. Surrender, or else there's only death." After a while, the soldiers all threw down their weapons together and said lifelessly, "I surrender." The soldiers of Great Qin, seeing that Zhao Ji had killed the enemy general and successfully breached the stronghold, shouted excitedly, "Zhao Ji! Zhao Ji!" In the joyous excitement of victory, everyone shouted Zhao Ji's name. Seeing this, General Pang Zhuang threw back his head and laughed loudly. "I knew I hadn't misjudged that brat. Meng Tian didn't misjudge him either. Great Qin has gained yet another warrior capable of fighting against ten thousand enemies." On Zhao Ji's side, the system displayed a notification. Congratulations, Host. You have gained the respect of ten thousand people. Fame reward activated. Reward: 1000 martial skill points. These points can be used to raise the level of martial skills. Congratulations, Host. You have slain ten thousand enemy troops. You have gained 500 experience points. You have obtained a high-grade yellow-rank protective inner armor. You have obtained one bottle of Qi-Replenishing Pills. Congratulations, Host. You have accumulated enough experience to level up. You may level up at any time. Looking at the rewards and experience, joy appeared on Zhao Ji's face. A fame reward that increased martial skill points—this time he had truly reaped a substantial haul. At that moment, General Pang rode over and said to Zhao Ji with a grin, "Kid, you've won the first merit in this campaign against Han." General Pang dismounted, his face turning serious as he shouted, "Zhao Ji, receive your order!" Zhao Ji knelt at once and said, "This subordinate is here." General Pang began issuing the command. "Today, you killed the enemy and beheaded their general. You have rendered the foremost service in this battle." "Therefore, this general now appoints you as a Thousand-Man Commander, in command of three thousand new recruits." Zhao Ji lifted his head and said firmly, "Thank you, General." General Pang helped Zhao Ji to his feet and patted him on the shoulder. "Within the authority of this general, Thousand-Man Commander is the highest position I can grant you. I have already sent someone to report your merits to General Meng." Zhao Ji said excitedly, "This subordinate will devote everything he has to winning merit for Great Qin." Li Qing shouted loudly, "Brother Ji is mighty! Thousand-Man Commander is mighty!" The soldiers behind him also shouted Zhao Ji's name in unison. The atmosphere was extremely lively, and the morale of the entire army rose several levels. Zhao Ji said to the troops, "Let's quickly clean up the battlefield." Hearing the order, everyone immediately sprang into action and dispersed to begin clearing the field. Once everyone had gone, Zhao Ji sat down on a sandbag again and opened the system panel to study it. He had only killed one Han general, yet he had gained so much experience. The words Level Up appeared on the system screen. Zhao Ji quickly pressed it. The system panel displayed: Receiving host command. The attribute panel then appeared. Character: Zhao Ji. Level: 5, Fifth Level of the Houtian Realm. Stamina: 500. Internal Energy: 500. Cultivation Technique: Basic Internal Art, Level 5. Martial Skills: Basic Swordsmanship, Level 2. Mid-grade yellow-rank martial skill, Level 1: Fierce Tiger Fist. Points required to level up: 200. Zhao Ji suddenly realized something. "Right, I think I still have advancement points left." The system displayed: Use advancement points to increase martial skill speed. Each time a level rises, one layer of martial skill transformation is added, and the host's power will greatly increase. Zhao Ji murmured, "So I can raise the level of Basic Swordsmanship too, right?" The system displayed: To raise Basic Swordsmanship from Level 1 to Level 2 requires 100 advancement points. Each subsequent upgrade will require double the previous amount. Does the host wish to upgrade? Zhao Ji said, "Upgrade." The system announced: Basic Swordsmanship upgraded to Level 4. Congratulations, Host, on cultivating Basic Swordsmanship to Level 4. Please continue to work hard. Zhao Ji crossed his legs and began cultivating as the upgrade transformation started. In his mind, Zhao Ji thought, Even the most basic thing can still be extremely powerful. I must cultivate the fundamentals to perfection. In the future, the stronger the sword techniques I cultivate, the more formidable they will become. Zhao Ji picked up his sword and tested his swordsmanship. Looking at the bright, razor-sharp blade, Zhao Ji said confidently, "On the battlefield, killing enemies—I will kill my way into godhood." Elsewhere, Great Qin's banners flew high. Father and son Meng Wu and Meng Tian led an army of three hundred thousand toward Han. Meng Wu pointed his sword ahead and said, "Pang Zhuang's vanguard has probably already engaged the enemy." Meng Wu stroked his chin and pondered. "Hmm. This surprise attack struck while they were unprepared, but in the end, victory and defeat still depend on the actual course of battle." Just then, the sound of hooves came from afar. A mounted soldier came galloping in, holding a dispatch and shouting, "Report! Urgent military news from Han territory!" Hearing this, Meng Tian said, "That fast?" "Bring it here at once." Meng Tian opened the report and read it. Standing beside him, Meng Wu stepped closer and asked anxiously, "Tian'er, how is the situation on the front line?" After reading it, Meng Tian said in shock, "We've won. Our army has crushed the Han border forces. Our casualties are fewer than a thousand men. We've captured more than ten thousand Han soldiers alive and achieved a complete victory." Meng Wu took the bamboo slip from his son's hand and opened it to read, then looked at Meng Tian in puzzlement. "Why are you making that expression?" Meng Tian fell silent for a moment. "He actually fought one hundred and ninety-six men by himself, and personally slew the Han commander of ten thousand troops. The King was right. He truly is a variable." Meng Wu still did not understand whom his son was talking about and asked in confusion, "Tian'er, who are you talking about?" Meng Tian replied calmly, "Zhao Ji, a new recruit." Back at the royal palace, news of the victory had already reached the King's hands. The King of Qin happily read the report before the assembled civil and military officials. He said with delight, "Good! Meng Wu, Meng Tian—you did not disappoint me. One man alone killed one hundred and ninety-six enemies and personally beheaded the enemy commander, forcing them to surrender. This Zhao Ji has not disappointed me either." Everyone who heard this was shocked. They stared at one another, mouths agape, and whispered, "What? One man against one hundred and ninety-six?" Zheng Guo coughed a few times and said, "This man is truly extraordinary. He has only been in the army a short time, yet he has already won such military merit." Li Si immediately bowed respectfully and said, "Congratulations, Your Majesty. Great Qin has gained another general capable of fighting ten thousand enemies." Hearing this, the King of Qin happily asked Li Si, "For soldiers of Great Qin who achieve such military merit, how should they be rewarded?" Li Si respectfully replied, "Your Majesty, based on military merit, his noble rank should be advanced at least to the rank of gongshi. If his title reaches Fifth Grand Officer, then he may be appointed commander of five thousand men and awarded a thousand mu of land." But then Li Si hesitated slightly and said with some concern, "However, for someone who has only just enlisted to receive such rewards... would that not be somewhat excessive?" At this moment, the Commandant stepped forward and offered his view: "This humble subject has a different opinion. In our Great Qin, ever since Lord Shang's reforms, no one could be granted a noble rank without military merit. Zhao Ji has already rendered military service, so naturally he should be rewarded according to his achievements. If rewards are not based on military merit, then how can we expect the elite soldiers of Great Qin to remain loyal and willing to sacrifice themselves for the state?" Hearing this, the King of Qin nodded, picked up an imperial decree, and announced: "Correct. The military merit system is the very foundation upon which Great Qin was built. It does not matter whether he is a commoner or a noble, whether he is a new recruit or a veteran. So long as he has rendered merit for Great Qin, I shall certainly reward him. Proclaim my decree." The ministers below bowed and shouted in unison: "We respectfully receive the King's decree!" The King of Qin waved his hand and began to issue the order: "Zhao Ji, Hundred-Man Commander of Yongcheng Camp, for..." "...Great Qin, slew 196 enemy soldiers and even beheaded the enemy's commanding general. He has earned the greatest merit in this campaign to destroy Han. By my order, Zhao Ji is hereby enfeoffed as Left Chancellor, appointed General of Ten Thousand Men, and placed in command of ten thousand troops. I shall make this known throughout the realm so that all under heaven may understand: whoever exerts himself for Great Qin, destroys its enemies, and performs meritorious deeds shall be rewarded." The ministers cried out in unison: "Your Majesty is wise!" The King of Qin swept his sleeve behind him, turned, and strode away. Before leaving, he glanced at the ministers and said, "In addition, send orders to Meng Wu. Within five months, I must see Han's territory in the hands of Great Qin." The ministers respectfully replied: "Yes, Your Majesty." After all matters had been settled, the King of Qin dismissed the court: "You may all withdraw. I wish to rest for a while." The ministers exited the hall, bowed, and answered, "Yes," before filing out one after another. The King of Qin entered the study and approached a painting. On it was the image of an exceptionally beautiful girl, around sixteen or seventeen years old. Slender and graceful, she was a rare beauty. The King of Qin gazed at the girl in the painting and said with deep feeling, "Dong'er, seventeen years have passed. I am now King of Qin, and I am on the verge of unifying the world. At last, no one in this world can stop me from marrying you anymore. But where are you now?" His eyes were full of sorrow as his thoughts drifted far away. Meanwhile, on Han's side, the army of Qin pressed forward without pause, its morale impossible to suppress. At the front was a massive siege ram used to batter city gates. Behind it was the force led by Zhao Ji. "Brothers, charge! Charge!" Wave after wave, the ram slammed into the city gate, making it tremble on the verge of collapse. Han soldiers standing atop the walls ordered the archers to fire down from above. "Loose arrows! Loose arrows!" A rain of arrows poured down from the sky. Countless Great Qin soldiers were struck, and casualties mounted rapidly. At that moment, Zhao Ji sensed that something was wrong. "This won't do. Watch me break the city gate!" Sitting astride his horse, sword in hand, Zhao Ji charged forward. "Brothers, get out of the way!" Zhao Ji drove straight at the gate with his sword. "Break for me!" The sword, carrying terrifying energy, slammed into the gate. In a single instant, the sturdy gate shattered into countless pieces. Zhao Ji immediately rode through the breach. The soldiers cried out in shock: "So strong!" Zhao Ji ordered his troops: "The rest of you, brothers, move into the city at once and eliminate the remaining enemy soldiers. Kill without mercy those who refuse to surrender. Do not disturb the civilians. Do not harm the common people." The soldiers behind him shouted in unison: "Understood!" Then, like a storm, they surged into the city and launched their assault. At that moment, a soldier approached Zhao Ji and said, "Lord Ji, General Meng requests your presence." Hearing this, surprise appeared on Zhao Ji's face, and inwardly he rejoiced. "Looks like something good is about to happen." He nodded and said, "Very well, I'll go at once." Zhao Ji quickly returned to the Great Qin camp. Kneeling down, he saluted Meng Tian, who was seated above: "This general, Zhao Ji, pays respects to General Meng, and to all the generals." General Pang Zhuang looked at Zhao Ji, clearly excited, and said, "Kid, I heard you just smashed open the city gate, didn't you?" Meng Tian, smiling brightly, stepped toward Zhao Ji and said: "You truly did not disappoint this general. In this campaign to destroy Han, you have rendered great service." Zhao Ji raised his head and replied respectfully and modestly, "General, you praise me too highly." Meng Tian unrolled the royal decree, raised it high, and said for Zhao Ji to hear. Seeing what Meng Tian held in his hands, Zhao Ji thought in shock, "A royal decree? Could it be that Qin Shi Huang wants to reward me?" Meng Tian held the decree and read aloud in a clear and resonant voice: "Zhao Ji, Hundred-Man Commander of Yongcheng Camp, for Great Qin slew 196 enemy soldiers and beheaded the enemy's commanding general. He has rendered the foremost merit in the campaign to destroy Han. By order, Zhao Ji is hereby enfeoffed as Left Chancellor and appointed General of Ten Thousand Men, to command ten thousand troops." The moment he heard the royal decree, Wang Dai, the captain from Yongcheng Camp, was instantly dumbfounded. "Promoted by ten ranks, all the way to Left Chancellor? Appointed commander of ten thousand troops? This has never happened before in the Qin army!" Beside him, General Pang laughed and said, "Excellent, boy. Old Pang did not misjudge you. Your rank is now the same as ours, and on top of that, you're in command of ten thousand men." Zhao Ji also stared wide-eyed at the command in the decree. "As expected of the greatest emperor of the ages. Truly decisive." Zhao Ji immediately knelt and respectfully received the royal decree. "This subject Zhao Ji thanks the King for his gracious favor." General Meng Tian said to him, "From this day forward, you are Great Qin's tenth-rank Left Chancellor. You may have 500 personal guards." General Meng turned and continued, "In addition, now that you are a General of Ten Thousand Men, you have risen from soldier to general. Not only must you possess courage and set an example for your troops, but you must also have the ability to command an army." Zhao Ji immediately bowed his head in thanks. "Many thanks for General Meng's guidance. I will keep it firmly in mind." General Meng sat down at the table and continued: "Zhao Ji, General of Ten Thousand Men Chen Wu gave his life for the country, and the deputy general was also gravely wounded. Of the ten thousand troops, only six thousand remain. Are you willing to take over this army?" Zhao Ji answered at once, "Yes." General Meng instructed him further: "Also, your merit in breaking the city gate will continue to be reported to His Majesty for reward." Zhao Ji replied, "Many thanks, General." "If there is nothing else, this subordinate will take his leave first." The moment Zhao Ji stepped out of General Meng's tent, his heart was already blooming with joy. He grinned excitedly. "Promoted to the tenth rank and appointed General of Ten Thousand Men. The system reward this time must be huge, right?" Zhao Ji stepped into a corner, opened the system panel, and activated the reward calculation. The screen displayed a notice: "Reward: one Ten-Stone Bow, high-level bow technique, Divine Archery Art, Golden Wound Medicine, Qi-Replenishing Pill, Qi-Enhancing Pill. Congratulations, Host, for killing 236 enemies. Reward: 236 experience points. Congratulations, Host, for slaying the enemy commander. Reward: 800 experience points. Congratulations, Host, for killing a named enemy commanding figure. Obtained: one Ten-Stone Bow, one set of martial technique—Divine Archery Art. Congratulations, Host, for killing the Han commander and gaining the prestige title Awe of Ten Thousand Men. Rank increased to ten. Congratulations, Host, on being enfeoffed as Left Chancellor and reaching the tenth noble rank. Each rank grants different rewards. Upon reaching the rank of Left Chancellor, reward granted: recipe for compounding..." "...Golden Wound Medicine. Ennoblement reward distribution complete." Looking at the rewards he had just obtained from the system, Zhao Ji could not hide his delight and burst out laughing. "Not bad. With the Qi-Enhancing Pill, my cultivation can break through to the Sixth Layer of the Houtian Realm." After receiving the ennoblement rewards, next came the reward for becoming a General of Ten Thousand Men. Filled with anticipation, Zhao Ji reached out and pressed receive on the system screen. The system displayed: "Army career reward is being issued to the Host. Congratulations, Host, on being appointed General of Ten Thousand Men. Advancement in military office: commander of 5,000-man and 10,000-man level troops. Reward: Advanced Battle Formation. Can be used in army training. Mastering battle formations can improve the army's foundational combat strength." A bamboo-scroll scripture appeared, radiating golden light. The system screen continued to display: "Appointed General of Ten Thousand Men. Reward: Xuan-grade treasure—General's Heart. Fusing with the General's Heart..." "...grants the attribute of army command. Can increase the army's combat power. As the Host's strength rises and military achievements accumulate, the influence of the General's Heart will gradually grow stronger. Specific attributes can be examined after fusion." Zhao Ji's eyes lit up. This was truly an enormous reward. With the treasure attribute of the General's Heart, the combat strength of the army under his command would soar. Zhao Ji felt spiritual power increasing within his body. Looking at the bluish stream of force radiating from his hand, he said, "Now I'm only a General of Ten Thousand Men. Once I become commander of a hundred thousand... then a million... by that time, nothing will be able to stop me." Zhao Ji walked through the camp, thinking to himself, "So far I've only killed one Han commander, and I've already been rewarded this much. I wonder what reward I'd get for killing the King of Han? Yuan'er... and Mother too..." "Just wait for me." At the same time, in the Commandant's residence, Yuan'er was loudly crying out, "I won't marry! I won't! I said I won't marry anyone! All these years, Father never once cared about me. Why is it that the moment you return, you've already arranged a betrothal for me to a man I don't even know?" Yuan'er's father, the Commandant, sternly said, "A child must obey the arrangements of her parents. Because I never personally took care of you? That is because I was bearing the heavy responsibilities of Great Qin. If not for me, could you have lived in peace in Li Family Village for all these years? The eldest young master of Great Qin, Fusu—if you marry Young Master Fusu, then one day, through this marriage, you may even have the chance to become Empress. Why can you not understand your father's words?" Yuan'er said aggrievedly, "I've already said it. I already have someone in my heart. Even if it were the position of Empress, your daughter would not care for it." The lady standing beside Yuan'er looked at her with great worry on her face. Hearing these words from his daughter, the Commandant angrily said, "The one in your heart is nothing more than a country bumpkin. Even if he joined the army, by now who knows whether he's alive or dead? Why must you keep waiting?" Lowering her head, Yuan'er said firmly, "He won't die. He will come back and marry me." The Commandant brushed aside everything Yuan'er had said, flicked his sleeve, turned, and left, resolute. "This matter is decided. There will be no further discussion. Once you turn seventeen, I will bring you back to Xianyang. Only after you marry into the royal clan will you understand your father's good intentions." Yuan'er still kept her head lowered and said, "That's impossible. I am already his." She then revealed her swollen pregnant belly, her eyes brimming with tears. The moment Yuan'er's father saw her pregnant belly, his eyes instantly filled with fury, blood vessels bulging as he growled, "You... you unfilial daughter! You... before even being married, you became pregnant with that brat's child?" Through tears, Yuan'er said, "Father, if you want to kill me, then kill me. In life I belong to him; in death I will be his ghost." At this point, Yuan'er's father was utterly enraged. "You... you... very well then!" He spun around and strode out the door, ordering, "Men! From today onward, the whole family will move to Xianyang. Leave only her here alone. I want to see..." "...whether the man she's waiting for will come back or not." Hearing her father's words, Yuan'er immediately collapsed to the ground, sobbing uncontrollably as she thought of Zhao Ji. "Brother Ji, I'm waiting for you. You must come back soon..." In the camp at Yongcheng, Zhao Ji was diligently cultivating. He executed a move that took the form of a fierce golden tiger. After finishing, Zhao Ji raised his hand and adjusted the internal force within his body. At that moment, the system displayed a status screen: "Character: Zhao Ji. Level 5, Fifth Layer of the Houtian Realm. Cultivated martial skills: Perfected Basic Swordsmanship—one slash can split the air; perfected Yellow-grade mid-tier Fierce Tiger Fist—one punch resounds like a tiger's roar, and a single punch can concentrate the whole body's strength tenfold; Xuan-grade martial skill—Dust-Piercing Arrows, 50% comprehension; arrows strike unfailingly within 200 zhang; can fire five arrows in succession. Weapons possessed: Wind-Breaking Halberd, General's Essence Sword, protective inner armor. Experience required to level up: 686." As Zhao Ji read the lines on the system screen, he eagerly thought, "I've used up all my bonus points, but once I kill the King of Han, I'll get more anyway. By then, not only will I break through to the Sixth Layer of the Houtian Realm, but I'll also gain an enormous reward." Inwardly he thought, "Once I reach the Xiantian Realm, inner force will transform into true qi. That means officially stepping through the gates of martial cultivation. Really something to look forward to." The sound of soldiers' footsteps approached. A group of soldiers came before Zhao Ji and immediately knelt. "We pay our respects to General Zhao." Zhao Ji turned around and saw that they were all brothers from his own village. It would be best to make them his personal guards. Zhao Ji immediately stepped forward, helped them up in a friendly manner, and said, "We are all brothers who have journeyed together. Now that I have received the Emperor's favor and been appointed General of Ten Thousand Men, I have the right to establish a guard unit of 500 personal retainers. Are you willing to remain by my side as my personal guards, and continue serving under me?" Li Qing and the other brothers instantly lit up with joy. "Brother Ji, we brothers are willing to live and die beside you." "That's right, we swear to follow you through life and death." "Our fighting strength was all taught to us by you, General." Zhao Ji replied, "Good. Then all of you will become my personal guards. Follow me to the new camp and take over the army of ten thousand." They immediately shouted, "Yes!" The 500 personal guards of the newly appointed General Zhao Ji had been assembled. When Zhao Ji arrived at the new camp, he was immediately greeted: "The newly appointed General of Ten Thousand Men, General Zhao Ji, has arrived!" The lower-ranking officers quickly stepped forward and kowtowed. "This subordinate, Du Sui; this subordinate, Zhang Han, welcome General Zhao." Zhao Ji replied, "Rise." Looking at the two men before him, Zhao Ji thought, "Du Sui? Zhang Han? I never expected that those generals whose names would remain in history would actually serve under my command." General Du Sui said to Zhao Ji, "All elite soldiers have assembled. General, please inspect them." Zhao Ji turned to the soldiers and declared loudly, "Officers and men, I, Zhao Ji, from today onward am your commanding General of Ten Thousand Men. From now on, I, Zhao Ji, will fight side by side with all of you. We will fight for Great Qin, fight for the nation. To have the honor of becoming your general is my, Zhao Ji's, good fortune." As soon as Zhao Ji finished speaking, the entire army shouted with one voice, "General Zhao! General Zhao!" At that moment, inside General Meng's tent, General Pang said to Meng Tian, "General Meng Tian, it seems this kid no longer needs to be sent to Zhenyang for tempering. He has earned great merit again and again, and the officers and soldiers are already wholeheartedly convinced by him. No one cares about his age anymore." General Meng Tian also replied with satisfaction, "Indeed. The younger generation surpasses the old. Even compared with the former Lord Wu'an, he does not fall short." Outside, Zhao Ji continued speaking to the soldiers, "Today Great Qin successfully broke through Yangcheng, but Han has not yet been destroyed. For now, everyone will continue training as usual. You are granted two days of rest while awaiting military orders." All the officers and soldiers immediately shouted in unison, "Understood!" Zhao Ji then said to Zhang Han, "General Zhang, where is the wounded soldiers' camp? Take me there." Zhang Han replied, "Yes." Inside the wounded camp, injured soldiers lay everywhere. Some were wrapped in bandages from head to toe, others had one arm tied up and were crying out in pain. "I don't want to die! I still have a wife at home—I don't want to die!" The place reeked of blood, mixed with the cries of the wounded. One soldier whose arm had been severed had tears welling in his eyes as he begged, "Physician, save me... it hurts... it hurts so much..." Zhang Han entered together with Zhao Ji, walking behind him as he reported, "In this assault on Yangcheng, our losses were extremely heavy. Those wounded on the battlefield—no matter how hard we try to save them, the survival rate does not exceed one in five. Most die from blood loss. Once the arrowheads are pulled out, there is no way to stop the bleeding. Besides, there are very few physicians in the camp to begin with." An elderly physician stepped forward and said, "General Zhang, we do not have enough herbs to stop bleeding, and we're also short on spirits." Zhang Han immediately introduced him. "Physician Wu, this is General Zhao Ji, commander of ten thousand men." Looking at the young general before him, the old physician was astonished. "I didn't expect General Zhao to be so young." Hearing Physician Wu's remarks about treating wounds, Zhao Ji thought to himself, "Using alcohol for disinfection? It seems this old Physician Wu does have some skill. He actually knows to use spirits to disinfect wounds." He then said to Zhang Han, "General Zhang, personally make a trip and deliver enough white cloth, herbs, and spirits to Physician Wu for treating the soldiers." A young physician said in alarm, "Old Wu, this is bad! The arrow wound on the injured soldier is worsening!" Physician Wu immediately rushed over and said urgently, "If the arrow is not removed, infection will set in. If we pull it out now, there is still a sliver of hope for survival. Quickly, bring a bowl of wine here." Before everyone lay a soldier who had been shot in the chest with an arrow, his face twisted in agony. A bowl of wine was brought over and carefully given to the wounded soldier to drink. Seeing this, Zhao Ji was greatly surprised. "Could this wine only be for drinking?" Zhao Ji spoke up to stop him. "Physician Wu, wait." Physician Wu, holding a surgical knife in his hand, looked at Zhao Ji in surprise. "Does General Zhao have some business?" Zhao Ji stepped forward and said, "Physician Wu, is this bowl of spirits only used for drinking?" Physician Wu looked puzzled and replied, "To remove the arrow, we must cut into flesh and blood. The pain is unbearable. Using spirits can numb the body, making it much easier to endure. Without spirits to lessen the pain, many soldiers simply cannot bear it and will die from the agony. Zhao Ji said to Physician Wu, "Spirits have another use besides relieving pain. Physician Wu, do you know it?" Physician Wu looked startled. "It has another use?" Zhao Ji held the bottle of alcohol in his hand and explained its use. “This liquor can not only relieve pain, it can also disinfect and sterilize wounds. That way, it can minimize the chance of seven-day wind infection.” Physician Wu immediately panicked and said, “General Zhao, human life is at stake. Please do not joke like this. I have practiced medicine for more than twenty years and have never heard that wine can disinfect. And what do you mean by sterilize? As for seven-day wind infection, that is the same as the eternal curse of war. How could this alcohol possibly prevent it?” General Zhang Han also spoke up. “Your method is one this subordinate has never heard of either.” Zhao Ji grew a little tense, thinking about how to make them understand. Seeing that Zhao Ji did not answer, Physician Wu continued, “When it comes to fighting battles and killing enemies on the field, this old man cannot compare to you. But when it comes to saving people, this old man is fully confident.” Zhao Ji let out a helpless sigh. In the end, this era still knew nothing about the uses of alcohol. It was only natural that they could not understand. Then Physician Wu ordered, “Bring the knife here.” Zhao Ji immediately stopped him gravely. “Physician Wu, wait. According to your treatment method, what are this brother’s chances of survival?” Physician Wu continued with his own approach and replied, “We do our utmost and leave the rest to Heaven’s will. If the bleeding can be stopped, he will have a thirty percent chance of survival. If the bleeding cannot be stopped...” Physician Wu’s expression turned sorrowful. “At best, only... ten percent.” Zhao Ji’s face was filled with confidence as he thumped his chest and declared, “If we follow my method, his chance of survival will be sixty percent.” Inwardly, he thought of the more than a thousand brothers-in-arms crying out in pain. In this wounded camp, he had to find a way to save them. After hearing him, Physician Wu looked at Zhao Ji in puzzlement. “General, are you making fun of me?” In his heart he secretly cursed, This General Zhao is still so young. How can he pour liquor onto a wound? I absolutely cannot let him act recklessly. The soldier lying on the bed then weakly raised his hand and said, “General Zhao...” Hearing the call, Zhao Ji immediately ran over, took the wounded soldier’s hand, and said, “I’m here.” The wounded soldier struggled to whisper, “General Zhao, today I saw with my own eyes how you broke through the city gate and beheaded the enemy commander. If not for you, who knows how many more brothers of ours would have died at the enemy’s hands? I... I am willing to trust you.” All the wounded soldiers in the camp forced themselves up and came forward in agreement. “That’s right. For General Zhao to command us is the honor of all us brothers. We’re all common folk and don’t understand much, but we know General Zhao would never harm us brothers and comrades.” A soldier wounded in the eye said to old Wu, “Physician Wu, please use the General’s method.” The others also spoke with one heart. “That’s right.” “I agree too.” “General, let me be the first test subject.” Seeing how much everyone trusted him, Zhao Ji was overjoyed. “Don’t worry. I will not let you down.” Physician Wu saw that Zhao Ji had won everyone’s trust, and inwardly he also began to accept it. If this fellow’s method really works, then Great Qin’s soldiers will not have to die in such numbers anymore. He then said to Zhao Ji, “Very well, General Zhao. Tell me exactly how to do it. This old man will follow your instructions in everything.” Zhao Ji immediately replied, “All right,” and laid out his method. “First, thoroughly clean all the blades used to remove arrowheads from wounds. Then pass them over fire. Second, when the blade cuts into the wound, pour alcohol over the blade. After that, pour some alcohol onto the wound itself. Third, all cloth used to bandage wounds must be boiled and then dried in the sun before it can be used.” After hearing this, Physician Wu answered, “Understood. This old man will arrange it at once. General, do you have any other instructions?” Zhao Ji took out a small bottle of medicine and said, “This is a medicine I researched and made before I enlisted. It is called Jinchuang medicine. It can stop bleeding.” Physician Wu asked in return, “This Jinchuang medicine was made by the General himself?” Then the physician reached out and took the bottle from Zhao Ji’s hand. Zhao Ji continued, “That’s right. Go do it. If anything happens, this General will take responsibility.” Physician Wu immediately replied, “Yes,” and went to prepare everything Zhao Ji had ordered. Following behind Zhao Ji, Zhang Han asked in confusion, “General, this treatment method is one I have never heard of. Can it really work?” Zhao Ji turned back and answered Zhang Han, “We do our utmost and leave the rest to fate. If this General’s method works, then in the future Great Qin’s soldiers will no longer have to die in agony after being wounded, and they will have a much greater hope of survival.” A physician carried over a tray and said to old Wu, “Physician Wu, everything is ready.” Zhao Ji turned and said to Physician Wu, “Just follow my method.” Physician Wu began to work. He poured alcohol onto the blade, just as Zhao Ji had instructed. Then he poured alcohol into the wound where the arrow had pierced through. The alcohol caused a sharp burst of pain, and the wounded soldier tensed and cried out. Standing behind them, Zhao Ji observed and thought, Pouring alcohol into the wound can prevent seven-day wind infection, but it does hurt. You all will have to endure it. Physician Wu began extracting the arrow. The sharp blade cut into flesh, but unexpectedly, the moment the arrow was pulled out, blood sprayed everywhere. Physician Wu’s expression changed. “This is bad. As expected, the arrow was lodged in a vessel. The vessel has ruptured, and the blood won’t stop flowing.” Seeing this, Zhao Ji stepped forward with a tense expression. “Quick, use my Jinchuang medicine.” Physician Wu took the small bottle Zhao Ji had given him earlier and poured it onto the wound. At this moment, Physician Wu looked even more shocked than before. His eyes went wide and his mouth fell open. “Th-this... how is this possible?” The wound had stopped bleeding immediately. The instant Zhao Ji saw it, he cried out joyfully, “Success! The bleeding has stopped!” General Zhang Han, standing beside him, still had not recovered from his shock. Physician Wu looked at Zhao Ji with admiration and said, “General, this Jinchuang medicine truly is a divine remedy. Today this old man’s horizons have truly been broadened.” As he spoke, he used a cloth to cover the wound. General Zhao Ji then turned and said to the other physicians, “From today onward, all treatment of the wounded in this camp will use this General’s method. Also, all bandages must be washed clean, then boiled and dried in the sun before use.” The other physicians immediately replied, “Yes.” At this moment, Physician Wu felt regret for having underestimated him. He stepped forward and said, “Just now, this old man did not believe the General. I ask the General for forgiveness. But using fire and alcohol to disinfect—there is a principle to that. As for scalding things with boiling water in the medical arts, what principle does that follow? I hope the General can enlighten me.” Zhao Ji smiled and replied, “Physician Wu, you’re taking it too seriously. The seven-day wind infection you spoke of is not some curse of war. It is caused by contamination from the rust on swords and arrows. The wounded soldiers’ survival rate is low, and some of them do not die because their wounds are severe to begin with, but because they suffer cross-infection. The root cause is that they were not disinfected.” Physician Wu could not help but stare in astonishment. “Although this old man has practiced medicine for many years, I still do not quite understand what the General is saying.” Zhao Ji patiently explained, “I can’t blame you. After all, what this General is saying truly is not recorded in medical texts.” Then he turned and gave an order. “General Du Sui, transfer one hundred good men to the wounded soldiers’ camp to assist. Also, regarding this treatment method, in a moment this General will request an audience with General Meng so it can be implemented throughout the army at Yongcheng.” As soon as he finished speaking, a voice rang out, “No need to come look for me. I came myself.” General Meng Tian lifted the tent flap from outside and entered with a smile. Zhao Ji immediately bowed in salute. “Greetings, General Meng.” General Meng Tian at once helped him up and praised him. “You little brat, you really are impressive.” He smiled in satisfaction and patted Zhao Ji on the shoulder. “Kid, I heard all about your divine medicine from outside just now. I wonder, what kind of method is this Jinchuang medicine of yours? And are you willing to offer it to Great Qin or not?” Zhao Ji answered honestly, “If it can be used to treat Great Qin’s brothers, how could I possibly refuse?” “Good, very good, kid.” Joy could not be hidden on Zhao Ji’s face. He thought to himself, As long as I can be promoted in rank, the system’s rewards will be abundant. And now I even have the divine wound-healing Lesser Healing Pill, which is far stronger than Jinchuang medicine. General Meng Tian continued, “Today, the matter you raised about changing the military camp’s medical methods, along with the formula for Jinchuang medicine, I will report clearly to the King of Qin so that you may receive credit.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji immediately cupped his hands. “Many thanks, General.” He could not help rejoicing inwardly. This time, there definitely won’t be a shortage of rewards. I wonder what the system will grant. After that, Meng Tian got to the main point. “On another matter, the reason I came here this time is to summon all the generals to discuss the final battle to destroy Han.” Zhao Ji immediately replied, “This subordinate will certainly go all out. If Han’s capital is not broken, then it is not yet the final battle to destroy Han.” Just the thought of it was enough to stir excitement. The occupation of Yangcheng had already determined the outcome of the fighting on the other fronts of Qin’s army. Across the land, the city lords within Han’s territory had already fallen into chaos as their cities were lost one after another. Two hundred thousand elite Great Qin troops sealed off every route and advanced straight toward Han. The battlefield was a cruel place. The victors became kings; the losers became outlaws. Qin’s army pressed steadily onward in conquest. Behind them lay the decline of Han’s forces, with blood flowing into rivers and corpses strewn across the fields. During the generals’ council, General Meng Tian frowned and asked, “How goes the assembly of the main army?” A general immediately stood and reported, “Reporting to the General, the strategy of encircling Han has been completed. At present, Han’s entire capital is already within Great Qin’s encirclement. Tomorrow our army can march straight into Han’s capital and begin the final battle to destroy Han.” At this moment, Zhao Ji observed everything and calculated silently in his mind. Right now Han was already weak and exhausted. More than a hundred thousand of its elite troops had been smashed by Great Qin. The fall of Han was only a matter of time. He feared no one would want to give up the chance to claim such enormous merit. And just as Zhao Ji had expected, many generals all wanted to be the first to charge. They competed to ask for the opportunity. “This subordinate requests to serve as the vanguard and break Han’s capital. General Meng, please grant it.” “This subordinate is also willing to be the vanguard. General Meng, please give this chance to me.” Amid so many eager contenders, Zhao Ji merely sat there quietly, watching. Seeing this, General Meng Tian asked with interest, “You little Zhao Ji, aren’t you asking to be the vanguard?” When asked, Zhao Ji answered modestly, “General, in this campaign to destroy Han, this subordinate has already rendered quite a few military merits over the past few months. This time, for the assault on Han’s capital, I will not compete for it.” Hearing this answer, General Meng Tian burst out laughing and praised him. “You brat are practical too.” No one knew that at this moment Zhao Ji was thinking of another goal: How can breaking the city and claiming merit compare to killing a king and claiming merit? You can all fight over the post of vanguard. My objective was never that. Just then, a soldier rushed in, out of breath, to report. General Meng Tian immediately asked, “What is it?” The soldier at once reported, “Reporting to the General, ever since our whole Yongcheng army began using General Zhao’s treatment method, the number of wounded soldiers in our camp who survive has greatly increased. Previously, there were more than thirteen thousand wounded soldiers in our camp. In just a few days, more than four thousand have already been successfully saved. The survival rate has reached nearly fifty percent.” General Meng Tian’s pupils contracted as he exclaimed in shock, “What? Fifty percent? This brat Zhao Ji is truly incredible. He gave me ten bottles of Jinchuang medicine, and I only used two of them, yet the survival rate became this high.” General Meng Tian immediately stood up, cupped his hands, and bowed to express his gratitude to Zhao Ji. “Zhao Ji, on behalf of Great Qin’s million elite troops, this General thanks you.” Zhao Ji also hurriedly cupped his hands and politely replied, “General, you need not do this. ” When the other generals heard that, they too could not hide their astonishment. “What? The Jinchuang medicine the General brought out was all researched by Zhao Ji?” “That divine medicine can stop bleeding so easily. For Great Qin’s army, it truly is a life-saving miracle drug.” “General Zhao not only possesses extraordinary martial strength, he is also proficient in medicine.” All at once, everyone in the room bowed toward Zhao Ji. Speaking on their behalf, General Meng Tian said, “Zhao Ji, no one can compete with you for this merit. This time, the treatment method you proposed, along with the formula for Jinchuang medicine, I will report it all to the King.” Zhao Ji remained very humble and said, “You generals praise me too highly. As a soldier and general of Great Qin, saving Great Qin’s own people is a responsibility that cannot be shirked.” Hearing this, General Meng Tian said with emotion, “Excellent. With Great Qin’s elite army united from top to bottom, no other state can withstand us. Who is willing to serve as the vanguard in destroying Han?” A general stood, cupped his hands, and requested, “This subordinate is willing to be the vanguard.” General Meng Tian immediately approved. “In this battle, Cheng Xiong will serve as the vanguard and forcefully assault Han’s capital.” That general accepted the order and replied, “This subordinate thanks the General.” General Meng Tian continued, “In addition, Zhao Ji will support the main army from the flank and assist in breaking Han’s capital. If anything happens, he is to reinforce immediately.” Zhao Ji quickly accepted the order. Inwardly, he could not help rejoicing. Support from the flank? Then it will be easy to act. The chance to kill the King of Han has arrived. Fortunately, I know this failed stage of history well. The King of Han will flee from the flank. I don’t care in the least about the merit of breaking the city. If I can kill the King of Han, I absolutely will not let this perfect chance for promotion slip away. News of Zhao Ji was quickly reported to the King of Qin. Holding the bottle of liquor in his hand, the King of Qin said happily, “It’s him again. Zhao Ji again. This thing can actually raise the survival rate to fifty percent and even change the medical arts.” Lord Wei Ting asked presumptuously, “Your Majesty, may I know what exactly this thing is?” The King of Qin then recounted what was written in Meng Tian’s memorial about Jinchuang medicine. “This medicine has miraculous effects on open, bleeding wounds. Even if a vessel has been pierced through by an arrow, it can still stop the bleeding. At the time, everyone saw it with their own eyes.” Lord Wei Ting wore a disbelieving expression as he said, “This minister finds it hard to believe.” The two ministers behind him leaned toward one another and whispered, “Can there really be such a miraculous hemostatic medicine?” The King of Qin immediately said loudly, “Someone, come.” At once, a somewhat stooped figure entered and bowed. “This subject, Imperial Physician Xia, pays respects to Your Majesty.” The King of Qin immediately ordered, “Imperial Physician Xia, you are my only royal physician. Test the healing effect of this wound medicine for me.” Imperial Physician Xia accepted the command. He took the bottle of medicine. After smelling it for a while, he reported, “Replying to Your Majesty, this truly is a type of hemostatic medicine never seen before. It was made by combining many medicinal ingredients. As for the ingredients, one test will tell.” He turned and ordered the eunuch, “Bring that rabbit over here.” Imperial Physician Xia took a small knife and cut a line across the rabbit’s belly. As he worked, he explained, “If I pierce a vessel in this rabbit’s abdomen, we’ll know whether this Jinchuang medicine is effective.” After piercing it, he poured the medicine onto the wound. Immediately, the fresh blood stopped flowing. The wound even showed signs of closing. Imperial Physician Xia widened his eyes in shock and cried out, “Divine medicine, truly divine medicine. This is ten times stronger than the hemostatic medicine I prepare—no, a hundred times stronger.” The other ministers, having witnessed it, were no less astonished. “A divine medicine indeed.” “The bleeding was stopped that quickly.” Imperial Physician Xia stepped forward and sighed toward the King of Qin, “I truly never expected Great Qin’s army to possess such a divine medicine. To think someone could actually develop such a medicine. Your Majesty, if I have the chance, I must meet this divine physician.” The King of Qin then told him, “The divine physician you speak of is named Zhao Ji. He is willing to hand over the formula for this divine medicine to Great Qin. If this Jinchuang medicine is spread throughout all of Great Qin, then the survival rate of the wounded will rise to eighty percent.” Imperial Physician Xia was instantly shocked and stammered, “Your Majesty, you said this divine physician is named Zhao Ji?” The King of Qin replied, “That’s right. Imperial Physician Xia, do you know him?” Imperial Physician Xia immediately denied it. “No, no, this subject does not know him.” Although he said that, Imperial Physician Xia still felt a trace of suspicion. Could it merely be a coincidence? He recalled his daughter’s words: “Father, if the child in my womb is a boy, his name will be Ying Ji. He is the flesh and blood of me and Brother Zheng.” As that memory surfaced, Imperial Physician Xia’s eyes sank with grief and heartache. My daughter, where in the world did you go? I have searched for you for so many years, yet I still have not found you. The King of Qin did not ask further. He handed the scroll to Imperial Physician Xia and said, “This is the formula for Jinchuang medicine. Imperial Physician Xia, you will be responsible for producing it.” Imperial Physician Xia quickly reached out to receive the formula scroll. Once that was done, the King of Qin asked the assembled civil and military officials, “What reward do you all think I should bestow upon Zhao Ji?” Lord Tingwei immediately proposed, “This merit must be heavily rewarded.” The other officials agreed. “This subject agrees.” The King of Qin sat back down on the dragon throne, his brows furrowing in thought. This Zhao Ji not only possesses extraordinary strength, but has also presented this divine medicine, Jinchuang medicine. Its value can even rival meritorious service in destroying Han. If I do not reward him generously, how could I be the ruler of Great Qin? But exactly how to reward him—that is the difficult question. One sharp-eyed minister noticed the troubled look on the King of Qin’s face and spoke up to ask, “Your Majesty, is it because you do not know how to reward Zhao Ji?” The King of Qin admitted, “I truly do not know how to reward him.” The minister then bowed his head and offered his suggestion. “In this subject’s opinion, Your Majesty may as well postpone the reward for now. Wait until Han has been destroyed before bestowing it. If he renders another great service by then, Your Majesty may reward him as highly as you wish, and no one will dare gossip about it.” Hearing this, the King of Qin accepted the idea. “Not bad. Zhao Ji’s reward can wait until after Han is destroyed. But I also hope that brat Zhao Ji will give me yet another surprise.” Back on the battlefield, the great army of Qin was now battering at the gates of Han’s capital. Countless massive stones and chunks of earth were being hurled forward to smash open the city gates. A Qin general raised his sword high, commanding the assault. The other soldiers obeyed and charged on horseback, brimming with determination as they rushed to break into Xinzheng and capture the King of Han. Elsewhere, Zhao Ji stood at the head of the supporting force, observing the situation. The scouts he had sent out now returned to report. “Reporting to General, no enemy in the southeast.” “Reporting to General, no enemy in the northwest.” Zhao Ji merely gave a mysterious smile and said, “No rush. The real show has only just begun.” Inside Han’s capital, eunuchs and officials were already hurriedly packing up and fleeing in all directions. A Han general, though badly wounded with an arrow lodged in one shoulder, still forced himself into the hall to report. “Your Majesty, this is bad! The Qin army... the Qin army has surrounded us from outside and is attacking the capital. They are about to break in here!” Hearing this, the King of Han broke out in a cold sweat and cried out with trembling fear, “What? What am I supposed to do? Must I surrender to Qin? No, I cannot surrender!” He immediately turned and asked one of his men, “What of the matter I ordered you to secretly arrange with Zhao?” That official promptly replied, “Zhao has already sent word back. General Hu Nie of Zhao has led a thousand elite troops in secret into Xinzheng and is only waiting for Your Majesty to withdraw from the capital.” Hearing that, the King of Han seemed to seize a thread of hope and said, “Good, very good! As long as I am alive, Great Han can surely rise again. There can be no delay. Pass my order to my personal guards—we leave the capital at once through the secret passage.” After those ministers received the order, the King of Han’s face burned with fury. Gnashing his teeth, he swore, “King of Qin, I will repay you for this hatred of destroying Han!” As the sky turned to the gold of evening, Zhang Han spoke to Zhao Ji. “General Zhao, all of Han’s forces are stubbornly resisting inside Xinzheng now. We won’t be seeing any enemy here today.” Zhao Ji raised his hand and looked ahead. After hearing Zhang Han’s words, he turned and asked the two generals with meaning, “Following me on this mission this time, are you very disappointed?” General Du Sui immediately answered forthrightly, “A soldier’s duty is to obey.” Yet General Zhang Han sighed somewhat dejectedly, “But watching them kill enemies and win merit right before our eyes...” Zhao Ji laughed and reassured the two of them, “Rest easy. I guarantee that this time we’ll win great merit.” General Du Sui clearly did not believe him and replied, “General, you must be joking again.” No sooner had he spoken than the scout who had been sent out came galloping back to report, “Report! We have discovered traces of a small enemy group in the dense southern forest. Your subordinate investigated in secret and found that they are not Han soldiers, but troops from Zhao.” Zhao Ji immediately laughed out loud. “Just as I expected.” Then he shouted his order, “Zhang Han, Du Sui, hear my command!” The two generals, receiving his instruction, immediately responded, “This subordinate is here!” After hearing Zhao Ji’s orders, they could not help but exchange glances, sharing the same thought. Could there really be some major enemy target? Night gradually fell over the southern forest. Han’s secret route opened. The King of Han emerged with several others. Before them stood a group of Zhao soldiers who had come as reinforcements. The Zhao general, on seeing the King of Han, dropped to one knee in salute. “Your Majesty, this subject Hu Nie has respectfully waited for many hours.” The King of Han immediately bent to help General Hu Nie up and said, “I have troubled the General. I will never forget Zhao’s great kindness in sending aid today. In the future, after allying with the other states and retaking my territory, I will surely repay the great favor of the King of Zhao.” Hu Nie did not waste any more time. Pointing toward the carriage, he replied, “Your Majesty overpraises me. There can be no delay. Please, Your Majesty and the young lords, get into the carriage. This subordinate will escort you out of Xinzheng first.” Then he added, “This time, I will definitely escort you safely all the way to Handan.” The King of Han was escorted into the carriage, but before entering, he turned back and sighed, “With the General here, I am at ease.” Once everything was in order, Hu Nie waved his hand and gave the order to depart. At that exact moment, an arrow shot over and pierced straight through the center of his palm, making him cry out. It was the force led by Zhao Ji. He was also the one who had shot that arrow just now. Du Sui, following behind, could not help exclaiming, “General Zhao is truly godlike. There really was enemy here.” Behind them, Zhang Han, fired up, spurred his horse forward and shouted for the charge. The moment he saw Zhao Ji’s troops surrounding them, General Hu Nie also raised the saber in his hand and loudly ordered his soldiers to engage the enemy. Two soldiers holding spears rode forward on black warhorses and stopped in front of the King of Han’s carriage, ready to protect it. General Hu Nie frowned deeply, his eyes wide with tension as he stared at the Yongcheng troops that had suddenly appeared. In shock, he said, “How is this possible? I entered Han territory in secret on the Supreme General’s orders for this mission. There’s no way we should have been discovered.” Zhao Ji’s face was full of confidence as he pointed straight at the King of Han’s carriage and said, “Two Generals, the greatest merit in this campaign to destroy Han is inside that carriage. We must capture him alive.” At those words, the King of Han was instantly thrown into panic. He immediately lifted the curtain, his face pale with terror as he looked outside. The moment Zhang Han saw the person inside the carriage, he said in surprise, “Could that be the King of Han?” Zhang Han turned to Zhao Ji and said, “So he escaped from Xinzheng and ran all the way here.” Zhao Ji answered as if he had long known it. “This is the true greatest merit of this campaign to destroy Han.” Hearing that, understanding dawned on Zhang Han’s face as he stared at the enemy troops ahead. “No wonder, earlier, General, you didn’t join the others in fighting to breach Han’s capital. So you had already foreseen that the King of Han would flee. That’s why you sent scouts to watch outside Xinzheng from the start.” Deeply impressed by Zhao Ji’s almost divine foresight, General Du Sui voiced his admiration. “General, your calculations are truly godlike. This subordinate is in awe.” Zhao Ji’s expression turned serious. He shouted, “Archers, prepare!” The elite archers of the Yongcheng camp took their positions in neat ranks, arrows already nocked, waiting only for the order. Every face was intensely focused. Then came the loud, clear shout, “Loose!” Seeing this, General Hu Nie cried out in alarm, “No! We’re done for—Qin is about to fire!” Then he shouted, “Men of Great Zhao, protect the King of Han! Follow this General and break through the encirclement!” The moment he finished speaking, General Hu Nie charged forward fiercely, roaring as he surged ahead. The soldiers obeyed and spurred their horses after him. Outwardly he appeared fierce, but inwardly Hu Nie could not help feeling worried. Qin’s archery really is too strong. We cannot withstand it. Forcing our way out is our only path of retreat. Meat already hanging at the cat’s mouth could not be allowed to fall. On the side of the Yongcheng camp, Zhao Ji’s face was cold and impassive as he gave only one command: “Kill.” Bows were immediately raised and aimed at the Zhao troops. Thousands of arrows flew straight toward the soldiers of Great Zhao, dense as a rainstorm. The Zhao soldiers were caught off guard and had no time to react, and arrows pierced through their armor. The men’s faces filled with panic. General Hu Nie shouted another order, “Soldiers of Zhao, prepare to counterattack!” The soldiers of Great Zhao raised their bows and shot while charging on horseback. Zhao Ji widened his eyes in surprise and said, “So this is Zhao cavalry’s most formidable mounted archery?” General Hu Nie glared toward the Yongcheng troops and loudly ordered, “Mounted archers of Great Zhao—fire!” The soldiers released the arrows they held at once. Sharp arrows whistled through the air toward Zhao Ji’s forces. Seeing the danger of the counterattack, Zhao Ji immediately ordered, “Defend!” “Quickly change formation—raise shields!” Sturdy metal shields were brought forward to cover Zhao Ji’s troops, forming a solid defensive line. The arrows from Great Zhao were all blocked at once. The only sounds were arrows striking metal shields and falling to the ground. Not a single arrow pierced through this shield wall. Watching Zhao Ji’s brilliant response, General Du Sui praised him admiringly, “General, truly mighty! It’s a good thing you gave the order in time. Otherwise, who knows how many men we would have lost?” Zhao Ji replied from beside him, “Zhao’s mounted archery is indeed extraordinary. If our strength were not evenly matched, I fear our army would be no match for them.” Zhao Ji suddenly turned and walked toward the rear. General Du Sui asked in surprise, “General, where are you going?” Zhao Ji answered in a cold, crisp voice, “To kill the enemy. This King of Han cannot be spared. And that valiant Zhao general cannot be left alive either.” Seeing the Yongcheng troops switch to defense, General Hu Nie fiercely ordered, “Do not stop attacking! Suppress the Qin troops and follow this General out of the encirclement!” Then he led the Zhao soldiers forward at full gallop. The mounted archers of Great Zhao continued charging while drawing and shooting. At that moment, in one corner, Zhao Ji was already aiming an arrow at his target. With a sharp whoosh, Zhao Ji’s arrow buried itself straight in General Hu Nie’s chest, causing him to lose balance and fall from his horse. General Hu Nie’s face twisted in pain, blood already spilling from his mouth. In terror, he thought, Who was that? How could this arrow be so fast? As he looked around, his gaze finally landed on a figure standing atop the branch of a giant tree. So it was from there. He actually lay in ambush from over a hundred meters away? Heaven is truly unfair! Why do all the powerful generals come from Qin? Han has already been destroyed—now even Great Zhao is in danger. Standing on the branch of an ancient tree, Zhao Ji held the system weapon—the Ten-Stone Bow—and said with satisfaction, “Good. Within two hundred zhang, the arrows never miss, and they aren’t affected by the darkness either. This bow is very easy to use.” Zhao Ji put away the divine bow and leaped down from the huge branch. Zhao Ji landed imposingly on the back of a warhorse, spear in hand, then turned and shouted to all the soldiers, “The great general of Zhao is dead! Follow me and press the advantage!” Hearing the order, the soldiers immediately roared and charged toward the enemy to fight to the bitter end. Wielding his spear with overpowering force, Zhao Ji shouted, “Kill!” The two sides crashed into each other, fighting to the end for victory. The cold clang of metal weapons, the pounding of hoofbeats, and the sounds of slaughter created a brutal battlefield scene. Alone on horseback, Zhao Ji cut down enemy troops wherever he went. With a single sweep of his spear, at least two enemies would fall. Before long, he had wiped out the entire protective ring around the King of Han’s carriage. Zhao Ji fiercely swung his divine spear at the carriage. The force of the blow instantly split the carriage into two halves. The King of Han was scared out of his wits, collapsing onto the floor of the carriage, drenched in sweat, and stammering as he begged, “Don’t kill me! I am the King of Han! I—I am willing to submit to Great Qin. Don’t kill me!” Zhao Ji replied indifferently, “If I spare you, how am I supposed to claim the reward for killing a king?” Moreover, the King of Han was so terrified that tears welled in his eyes as he stammered out his offer: “If it’s a reward you want, then as long as you spare this king...” But Zhao Ji did not let him say another word. With one decisive thrust, he pierced straight through his heart and lifted the King of Han’s bleeding corpse into the dark night. Looking at the corpse before him, Zhao Ji said, “Spare a coward like you who only cares about staying alive? If I spare you, you’ll rebel again one day. If we keep you alive, how could Great Qin ever control Han territory?” Seeing that Zhao Ji had killed the King of Han, Du Sui and the other generals shouted in unison, “The General has killed the King of Han! The General has killed the King of Han!” Zhao Ji said to the Zhao soldiers, “Those who surrender will be spared. Those who stubbornly refuse to surrender will be killed without mercy!” A boot slammed hard against the doors. In Xinzheng, the great gates of the inner palace were thrown open, and the palace attendants inside looked terrified. The imposing man who strode in was Great Qin’s Supreme General Meng Wu. Behind him came his son, General Meng Tian, calm and dashing as he entered. General Meng Wu shouted, “Where is the King of Han? Hurry and come out to surrender!” A trembling minister spoke up, “His Majesty has fled. I do not know where he is now. If you wish to kill us, then kill us. At least that would fulfill our loyalty to our state.” A Qin soldier stepped before General Meng Wu, knelt down, and reported, “Supreme General! I have searched the entire royal city, but there is still no sign of the King of Han. I fear what these people are saying is true.” Hearing this, General Meng Wu said in surprise, “What?” Meng Tian stepped forward and said, “Father, if we cannot capture the King of Han, then what use is taking the city? His Majesty will certainly blame us.” Supreme General Meng Wu fell silent. Just then Zhao Ji arrived and immediately knelt respectfully. “This subordinate Zhao Ji pays respects to the Supreme General.” General Meng Wu and General Meng Tian looked somewhat surprised. “Wasn’t Zhao Ji patrolling the perimeter? Why is he back already?” Zhao Ji smiled and scratched his head. “This subordinate was stationed in defense outside the southern outskirts. I eliminated a cavalry unit and also killed the King of Han as he was trying to flee to Zhao.” The King of Han’s corpse was carried in by a soldier and thrown down before the Meng father and son. Zhao Ji continued, “I guessed that after taking the city, if General Meng and the Supreme General failed to find the King of Han, you would surely be anxious. So I brought back the King of Han’s corpse, along with the Zhao officers and soldiers.” The Han ministers, upon seeing the King of Han’s corpse, immediately trembled and fell to their knees. “Your Majesty! Your Majesty! The road to restoring Han is hopeless now!” Meng Tian was also astonished. “It really is the King of Han! Wait—did you say you were on defense? Then you already knew Zhao would send people to receive the King of Han?” Meng Tian stepped forward, punched Zhao Ji lightly in the chest, and praised him. “Well done, kid! No wonder you didn’t even care about the merit of breaching the city. So you were waiting for the greater merit of killing the King of Han. Luckily we had you. Otherwise, once we returned to Qin, neither Father nor I would have escaped punishment.” Supreme General Meng also stepped forward, looking at Zhao Ji with clear approval. “Zhao Ji, I have heard of you. From your first battle on the border to the breaking of Xinzheng, you can be said to have earned merit every step of the way. The entire Yongcheng army is honored by you.” Zhao Ji was clearly delighted by the praise and bowed his head in thanks. “Serving Great Qin is this subordinate’s duty.” As Supreme General Meng patted Zhao Ji on the shoulder, he laughed loudly and said, “No need to be so modest. I will personally write to report to His Majesty in detail about your great contribution in pacifying Han. Just wait for your reward.” Then the Supreme General threw an arm around the still wide-eyed Zhao Ji and walked out with him. “Come with this General.” With an arm around Zhao Ji’s shoulder, Supreme General Meng announced to all the soldiers below, “Officers and men! The King of Han has been slain by our General Zhao Ji. Han has been destroyed by Great Qin. From this day forth, no one will block our road to the east again!” The instant they heard this, all the soldiers raised their hands and cheered with joy. Supreme General Meng said to Zhao Ji, “Do you hear that, Zhao Ji? This overwhelming roar of cheers is for Great Qin—and also for you.” Zhao Ji was startled by the soldiers’ thunderous acclaim below. Supreme General Meng continued, “Great Qin may not have seen a war god like this in a very long time.” Zhao Ji answered modestly, “To receive such favor from General Meng, this subordinate will never fail Great Qin in this lifetime.” After Zhao Ji returned to camp, he said to Li Qing, “Unless this General gives the order, absolutely do not let anyone enter. This General wants to rest for a while.” Li Qing immediately obeyed and answered, “Yes, sir!” After Li Qing left, Zhao Ji immediately opened the system interface and said, “System, calculate the reward.” The system displayed a notification: “Command received. Beginning calculation. Enemy kill rewards have been tallied. Host has received five points of army experience.” Kill rewards have been tallied. The host has exterminated the enemy swarm. The host killed the commander-in-chief of Zhao and received 500 experience points. The host killed a general and received 1,000 experience points. Zhao Ji was very satisfied with the rewards he had received. Lying comfortably on the bed, he operated the system and said, “Sure enough, the experience points earned today still mainly came from killing battle generals and kings. As for ordinary soldiers, aside from the army itself, there’s really nothing on them worth much experience.” The system screen displayed: System reward: high-grade Profound-rank cultivation method, Heavenly Origin Art. Reward: one bottle of high-grade Profound-rank medicinal pills, Great Transformation Pills. When Zhao Ji saw the huge reward, he immediately sprang up and cried out in delight, “A high-grade Profound-rank cultivation method! After waiting for stars and moon alike, I’ve finally gotten it!” Zhao Ji raised his finger and tapped on the Heavenly Origin Art on the screen. But the screen displayed a notice: The host’s level is too low. The Heavenly Origin Art cannot be unlocked at present. Zhao Ji said gloomily, “I can’t cultivate it now anyway. Can’t I at least take a look? What a stingy little thing.” Then Zhao Ji slowly lay back down on the bed. The system screen continued to display: It has been detected that the host’s experience has reached the limit. Does the host wish to level up now? Zhao Ji immediately said, “Basic internal skill is set at ten levels. In other words, only after breaking through will I be qualified to cultivate Profound-rank methods. Only when internal force transforms into true qi can one truly step onto the martial path. Right now, the important thing is leveling up.” The system screen displayed another notice: It has been detected that the host’s experience has reached the limit. Does the host wish to level up now? Zhao Ji replied, “Level up!” Sitting on the bed, Zhao Ji watched as the system began displaying the level-up notifications. Spiritual light radiated around him. The screen displayed: Command from host received. Beginning level-up. Physical strength, internal force, and required experience for leveling up are all increasing. Host has advanced to Level Seven, Houtian Seventh Layer Realm. Zhao Ji felt the spiritual power inside his body, then looked at the blue light glowing in his palm and said, “Houtian Seventh Layer Realm? Among vast armies, that should already count as first-rate general level. With my current strength, even if the Overlord of Western Chu stood in front of me, he still wouldn’t amount to much.” Delighted, Zhao Ji lay back down on the bed and said comfortably, “As expected, the reward for killing the King of Han did not disappoint me. Next, I’ll just sit and wait for the King of Qin’s reward.” At that moment, Zhao Ji once more thought of the person back in his hometown. When he had first left Li Family Village, he had asked for nothing more. But now, he could return home with rank and authority, and then marry Yuan’er. Although he still had not truly entered the martial path, he had finally gained a firm foothold in this age of chaos and war. Zhao Ji’s gaze grew somewhat sorrowful, filled with longing and worry. “Still, I’ve been gone for half a year. I wonder how you are now.” Zhao Ji drifted into a deep sleep. The dream slowly unfolded. Zhao Ji saw himself standing in front of his own home. He opened his mouth in astonishment. “I’m back in Li Family Village? No, that’s not right. I should be in the military camp right now.” After realizing that this was only a dream, Zhao Ji could not help sighing sadly. “Sure enough, what occupies your mind by day appears in your dreams at night. I really do miss home a little.” Suddenly, a woman’s voice came from behind him: “Brother Ji.” Yuan’er came out of the house with a bright smile, her face full of happiness. Zhao Ji looked joyfully at Yuan’er as she approached. Deeply moved, Yuan’er said, “Brother Ji, Brother Ji, you’ve finally come back. I missed you so much.” Zhao Ji happily walked up to Yuan’er, his gaze falling on her protruding belly, and said blissfully, “Yuan’er, how could I not miss you?” Yuan’er rubbed her stomach, nodded, and said with a smile, “Mm. This is our child.” Then the two of them embraced tightly after so long apart. Filled with yearning, Yuan’er whispered, “Brother Ji, you’ve been gone for half a year without sending any word. But now we can finally reunite.” At this moment Zhao Ji closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of safety beside his family. Even knowing this was only a dream, if it could continue like this, how wonderful that would be. Suddenly, a violent wind rose, dust filling the air. Frightened, Yuan’er shrank into Zhao Ji’s arms and said, “Brother Ji, what’s happening?” At that moment, a mass of troops appeared before Zhao Ji’s eyes. Someone raised a sword and shouted, “Kings, nobles, generals, and ministers—are they born to their station?” Zhao Ji’s eyes widened in shock. “Chen Sheng, Wu Guang.” Then another army appeared. “When our appointed hour arrives, we shall all die together.” “If Qin falls, Chu shall rise!” Two names flashed through Zhao Ji’s mind: Liu Bang, Xiang Yu. A black shadow shot over from afar, preparing to engulf Zhao Ji. Zhao Ji stretched out his hand and grabbed for Yuan’er’s hand as she was being swept away. “Yuan’er!” Yuan’er also cried out in fear: “Brother Ji!” But before he could catch her hand, Zhao Ji was completely swallowed by the darkness. Startled awake, Zhao Ji jolted upright, his face still full of fear, and the cry of “Yuan’er!” still on his lips. Zhao Ji held his head uncomfortably and muttered, “Was that a warning dream? The destruction of states is the fate of the coming collapse of the realm. Sooner or later, it will come. Even if I stand at the highest position, will that power above all power still be of any use? My strength is still not enough.” That whole night, Zhao Ji tossed and turned in thought, and in the end, he stayed awake until dawn. The next morning, in Xianyang City of Great Qin, the atmosphere was peaceful. Flocks of doves circled high in the sky. Inside the study came the excited voice of the King of Qin. “Our army fought Han. The King of Han was slain by Zhao Ji, one of our commanding generals. Han has fallen!” The King of Qin held the report from the frontier and laughed loudly as he spoke. “Excellent! Excellent! Zhao Ji has repeatedly rendered extraordinary service. This time, he has truly given me a huge surprise.” The King of Qin turned around and said, “This world is vast, and the seven states have divided the land for over a century. Yet today, I have successfully changed that. Now Han has been destroyed, and Great Qin’s eastern territory has expanded.” The King of Qin slammed his hand heavily on the table and said with full resolve, “Next is Zhao.” Then, in great delight, the King of Qin swept his sleeve and said, “I must reward Zhao Ji generously.” The ministers kneeling below said in unison, “Your Majesty is wise! Commander Zhao has rendered immense merit. We ministers agree.” At this moment, Li Si was kneeling on the ground, tension visible on his face, as if he were pondering something. Standing above them, the King of Qin began to announce Zhao Ji’s reward. “Zhao Ji presented a divine medicine and killed the King of Han. Both are great merits. Therefore, I appoint Zhao Ji as Chief Commander to garrison Han territory. All Han soldiers who surrender shall be handled by Zhao Ji. In addition, Zhao Ji was originally of the tenth noble rank; he is now promoted by another three ranks. Grant him a thousand mu of farmland in his hometown.” One minister sighed and said, “In only half a year, General Zhao has been promoted through ten ranks, and now three more on top of that. This has never happened before.” The person beside him also said, “His Majesty truly values Zhao Ji. But Zhao Ji’s merits are entirely worthy of this reward.” Everyone in the hall nodded in agreement. “The reward matches the achievement.” Seeing that today’s matters were settled, the King of Qin stood up and said, “If no one has any further objections, then withdraw. Send my decree to Han territory at once, without delay.” The ministers respectfully bowed in acknowledgment and withdrew one after another. But at that moment, the King of Qin said, “Li Si, stay behind.” Li Si nodded and remained where he was, waiting for the King of Qin’s words. The King of Qin walked down and approached Li Si, asking, “Li Si, just now, it seemed to me that you were thinking about something. Are you dissatisfied with my decision in any way?” Li Si knew that the King of Qin had already seen through his thoughts, so he did not hide them. “Your Majesty is wise. I have no objections, but there is something troubling my heart, and I wish to report it to Your Majesty.” The King of Qin nodded. “Speak.” Li Si bowed his head and said, “First, Han has been destroyed, and most of its ministers remained loyal to the King of Han unto death. I propose pursuing and eliminating all such people. Second, regarding the marriage matter concerning this subject’s daughter and the young master Fusu, I fear it can no longer be accomplished.” The King of Qin frowned. “Hm?” Li Si lowered his head and stammered, “My daughter grew up from childhood in that region. But unexpectedly, she privately decided her marriage with another man. She is even carrying his child. So, so...” The King of Qin smiled and patted Li Si on the shoulder. “Forget it. Marriage cannot be forced. I have no interest in interfering by force in matters between men and women.” Li Si lowered his head respectfully and replied, “Many thanks, Your Majesty.” The King of Qin continued coldly, “But as for the ministers of Han, Li Si, what you truly fear is Han Fei, isn’t it? You’re afraid that if he is promoted, he will obstruct your path ahead.” Li Si was startled. His eyes widened in terror, and he prostrated himself on the ground. The King of Qin looked at the man kneeling before him with icy eyes and said angrily, “You may have your own thoughts, but do not use them on me. I will not allow another Lü Buwei to appear, nor will I permit Qin men to poison one another. That is my greatest taboo.” Li Si was so frightened that sweat poured from him as he said in panic, “This subject knows his crime.” In his heart, he already knew that he had made a fatal mistake. In a moment of impatience, he had violated a great taboo. Royal authority permits no one to probe it, slight it, or seek to dominate it. In Han territory, at Zhao Ji’s camp, the one delivering the royal decree of reward had arrived. Zhao Ji knelt down to receive it and said, “This humble general receives the decree. Many thanks, Your Majesty.” The royal envoy handed the edict to Zhao Ji and said with a smile, “Congratulations, General Zhao. This is truly a grand reward.” Zhao Ji accepted the decree and said modestly, “You have worked hard, Envoy.” Meng Tian patted Zhao Ji on the shoulder and congratulated him. “Congratulations. From now on, we can’t call you Zhao Ji anymore; we must call you General Zhao.” Meng Wu, standing nearby, also laughed and said, “It’s clear that His Majesty thinks highly of you. He has entrusted all of Han territory to you. Don’t disappoint His Majesty, understand?” Zhao Ji nodded, cupped his hands, and said with a smile, “This humble general will certainly fulfill his duty.” Looking at the scroll in his hand, Zhao Ji could not help revealing a bright smile, his eyes full of hope. Inwardly, Zhao Ji sighed with emotion, “This reward is even greater than I expected.” Then Zhao Ji remembered something and turned to ask the envoy, “Sir, military affairs in Han territory are under this humble general’s control. May I ask who will be in charge of civil administration?” Hearing this, the envoy replied, “His Majesty has already given instructions. The civil administration of Han territory will be handled by Feng Quji. General, you may rest assured.” Zhao Ji said gladly, “His Majesty is wise.” Inwardly, Zhao Ji thought, “The First Emperor truly deserves the title. Royal power has been tempered to perfection in his hands. This generous reward is also a warning to me. Everything comes from royal authority. So long as royal authority remains, I have no way to obtain true freedom.” Zhao Ji clenched the decree tightly in his hand, his heart filled with fierce resolve. “If I want to control my own fate, and not let this chaotic world change or manipulate it, then I must stand above all royal authority.” A little later, father and son Meng Wu and Meng Tian walked out of the tent and cupped their hands in farewell to Zhao Ji. “General Zhao, tomorrow we must return to Yong City. For now, we need to discuss and report in advance on the military transfers.” Zhao Ji and the soldiers nodded in reply: “Yes.” After seeing Meng Wu and his son off, Zhao Ji walked back into the camp and saw Du Sui and Zhang Han approaching. They clearly had something to say. Zhang Han said with a smile, “General, we heard about the royal decree outside and came to congratulate you. Your Excellency has rendered many great services for Great Qin. This time, you must have been given command of fifty thousand troops, right?” Zhao Ji sat down in the chair, propped one leg up with imposing ease, and said, “His Majesty has appointed me chief general to garrison Han territory, commanding one hundred thousand troops, and also overseeing all military affairs there.” Du Sui and Zhang Han gaped in shock and shouted, “One hundred thousand troops? Chief general garrisoning Han territory?” Then Du Sui and Zhang Han knelt down and cupped their hands respectfully, saying, “This humble general congratulates you, General.” Zhao Ji said calmly: “In the future, as I command the army in Han territory, I will naturally need trusted aides of my own. But if one is to be my confidant, then absolute loyalty is required.” Before Zhao Ji could continue, Du Sui and Zhang Han exchanged glances. Their eyes met as if they had made up their minds, and smiles appeared on their faces. Then together they raised their hands toward heaven and swore a solemn oath. “We, Du Sui and Zhang Han, swear to follow the General unto death and remain loyal forever. If we break this oath, may heaven strike us down and cast us into hell for all eternity.” Zhao Ji excitedly slapped the table and stood up. “Good!” He reached out and patted Du Sui and Zhang Han on the shoulders, saying, “The loyalty of you two generals has been proven, and I accept your sincerity.” Zhao Ji thought to himself, “People in ancient times always believed in gods and spirits. An oath this severe is enough to prove their loyalty.” Just then, the system displayed a notification. Congratulations to the host for officially obtaining subordinates. Loyalty System activated. This system can display the loyalty values of true subordinates. If a subordinate reaches a state of disloyalty, the system will automatically warn the host. Zhao Ji was utterly astonished by this system notification. He shot to his feet and laughed in delight. Inwardly, he thought, “So the system even has this function?” Seeing Zhao Ji suddenly jump up and laugh wildly, Du Sui and Zhang Han were startled. Fearing they had said something wrong, they stammered, “General, did we say something wrong?” Seeing the two men looking timid and frightened, Zhao Ji rubbed his hands and said, “No, it’s just that I’m deeply moved by the loyalty of you two generals. From now on, you are both my commanders of fifty thousand and also my confidants. You may withdraw for now, and on your way, call Li Qing over here.” Seeing that Zhao Ji’s unusual behavior had nothing to do with them, the two men let out sighs of relief. They did not forget to cup their hands and declare their loyalty. “Understood. We swear to follow the General unto death.” As soon as the two of them stepped out of the camp, Du Sui swung his arm up. His fist flew out and landed squarely on Zhang Han’s face, knocking his features askew. Holding the huge swelling on his face, Zhang Han had no idea why the man had punched him and said angrily, “What are you doing?” Du Sui looked almost mechanical, his eyes still unfocused as he stared at Zhang Han and said, “Does it hurt a lot? Then that means I’m not dreaming. We really became commanders of fifty thousand?” The whole thing felt so absurd and unreal to him that he had punched Zhang Han to test whether he was dreaming. Zhang Han found this reason completely unacceptable and roared furiously, “If you wanted to know whether it hurt, why didn’t you hit yourself?” At this point, Du Sui was certain he was not dreaming. With tears and snot streaming down his face, he began sobbing loudly. Seeing Du Sui so moved, Zhang Han no longer blamed him and instead comforted him. “We really have become commanders of fifty thousand. This time, although we did earn merit, the reason we were able to become commanders of fifty thousand was all because of General Zhao’s favor. We were basking in his reflected glory.” Du Sui said resolutely, full of determination, “I’ve thought it through too. If we relied only on risking our lives on the battlefield, killing enemies and earning merit, then at the very least we’d have to wait until we were thirty before we had a chance to become commanders of fifty thousand. But today, the General has bestowed such great grace upon us. From now on, I will definitely devote my life to him. Only then can I repay the General’s immense kindness.” Zhang Han also clenched his fist and said firmly, “Me too. From this day forward, I, Zhang Han, will follow the General. Even death would not make me regret it.” Inside the camp, Zhao Ji was studying the function of the system that had just been unlocked. “Open the Loyalty System.” Zhao Ji began analyzing it. “No matter the era, the hardest thing to predict is the human heart. Loyalty and betrayal can both change. And now, I can actually see through people’s hearts. Keep the loyal, dismiss the disloyal.” Information appeared on the system panel. Loyalty System activated. Li Qing: loyalty level 90, utterly loyal. Li Da: loyalty level 85, utterly loyal. Li Liang: loyalty level 86, utterly loyal. Du Sui: loyalty level 74. Zhang Han: loyalty level 72. Looking at the data, Zhao Ji assessed: “As expected, the people from my own village are the most loyal. Judging by these values, the higher above 80, the greater the loyalty. Du Sui and Zhang Han are both above 70. Keeping them is fine.” Zhao Ji stroked his chin in thought. “My close guard unit was only recently established, so their loyalty hasn’t fully developed yet. But all of them are above 50. That’s already a very good showing. As the only cultivator in this era, strength itself is absolutely not a problem for me. So in the future, when choosing people to use, ability can be cultivated, but loyalty must be absolute.” Zhao Ji clasped his hands behind his back and let out a long sigh as he thought, “That’s only the beginning. Once I can truly command an army and rule a region, then I’ll stake everything on the struggle and open up a completely new era.” At that moment, Li Qing walked in from outside. “General, were you looking for me?” Zhao Ji nodded. “That’s right. Sit.” Li Qing sat down and said, “Many thanks, General.” Tension was visible on his face. Li Qing was puzzled. Du Sui and Zhang Han had both acted so strangely. No matter how much he asked, they refused to say anything. He had even thought they were trying to fool him. Getting straight to the point, Li Qing said seriously, “May I ask why the General summoned me here?” "What is it?" Zhao Ji extended his hand and said with a bright smile, "I just received the royal decree. This General has already been promoted to chief commander, thirteenth-rank, from Ping. I can now recruit more than a thousand men. I hope you can personally remain in the camp and recruit elite soldiers to join my personal guard. There is only one small requirement: absolute loyalty to me." Zhao Ji thought to himself, Li Qing's loyalty is the highest. If I want to strengthen my own authority, then this job is most suitable for him. When Li Qing heard that Zhao Ji had been promoted, he was delighted. He immediately bowed and offered his congratulations, saying, "Congratulations, General. Please rest assured, General. This subordinate will definitely select the most loyal men, those willing to live and die for the General." After that, Zhao Ji did not forget to add, "Also, go inform the brothers from our village that once our personal guard is formed, everyone's rank will be promoted. I will not disappoint them." Hearing this, Li Qing accepted the order, walked out, and replied with a smile, "Understood. This subordinate will do it at once." Zhao Ji nodded and said, "Go." Zhao Ji thought to himself, Although Han territory is not that large, it still has several million people. If I choose people from among them to join my personal army, that will become the foundation of my power. Next, I should test my own strength. "System, calculate the promotion rewards." The system began activating. "Receiving the host's command. Congratulations, Host, on your promotion in rank." "Host promoted to Right Secondary Official; reward: five bottles of Minor Healing Elixir. Host promoted to Left Geng; reward: 500,000 cash. Host promoted to Right Geng; reward: Absolute Kill Tempering Method. Congratulations, Host, on your military rank rising two levels. Host promoted to commander of fifty thousand; reward: Yellow-rank high-grade martial skill, Acupoint-Sealing Hand. Host promoted to chief commander of one hundred thousand; reward: Profound-rank low-grade cultivation art, Shadow Concealment." Seeing these generous rewards, Zhao Ji exclaimed in shock, "Acupoint-Sealing Hand? A low-grade Profound-rank cultivation art?" Zhao Ji tapped on Acupoint-Sealing Hand on the system panel. "Interesting. I didn't expect there would be such a reward. Learn Acupoint-Sealing Hand." The system displayed: "Receiving the host's command." Zhao Ji sat down cross-legged. His whole body sank into an endless depth, while the outside of his body was wrapped in the light of the system. According to the descriptions in those novels, by using internal force to drive it, one could seal another person's acupoints, making them unable to move for a short period of time. If the practitioner's internal force was profound enough, it could even kill. He did not know whether it was real or not. After a while, Zhao Ji's eyes lit up. He had already entered deep into his own consciousness. The methods for circulating internal force, along with the locations of all the acupoints, kept pouring into his mind. After a short time, the system notified him, "Learning complete. Current level: Level One." Zhao Ji withdrew his energy. After that, he began waving his hands about and stabbing his fingers into the air to test the technique. Looking at the speed of his hands after learning it, Zhao Ji sighed, "So fast. I wonder what the power of this Level One is like? I'll have to find someone to test it on when I get the chance." "There's still a low-grade Profound-rank cultivation art left?" "Open Shadow Concealment." "Receiving the host's command." A cultivation manual full of long text appeared on the system panel. Zhao Ji read the manual on it, propped up his chin, and pondered. Compared with the Immortal Origin cultivation method, it was far inferior. But compared with basic internal arts, he had no idea how many levels higher it was. Moreover, there was no need to cultivate basic internal arts to perfection first before cultivating it. This was actually a technique used to train assassins and spies who hid in the darkness. Operating in the shadows was exactly what he needed. As expected, the system really understood people's hearts. Zhao Ji manipulated the system panel and checked the various cultivation methods he possessed. He muttered thoughtfully, "Since I can already cultivate Profound-rank techniques, then those previous low-grade techniques are a bit redundant. Also, among the treasure rewards from before, although the storage space has been upgraded to level seven, it's still not enough." A flash of inspiration crossed Zhao Ji's mind. I can divide martial cultivation methods into multiple levels and use them as rewards for my subordinates' loyalty. If I do that, perhaps I can gain loyalty value, while also increasing my overall strength. Besides, without the support of the earlier techniques, cultivating later ones would be a waste of effort anyway, so that would create balance. I'll do it that way. How could I dare reveal martial cultivation methods to the outside world? After all, this is a great secret of this world. If I'm not careful, it could even bring about a fatal disaster. But now things are different. I already have the Loyalty System. As long as a person's loyalty value reaches death loyalty, then they will be willing to sacrifice themselves for me. They absolutely will not betray me. Having made up his mind, Zhao Ji ordered the system, "System, learn Shadow Concealment." The system notified, "Receiving the host's command." Then Zhao Ji's body was surrounded by many strands of golden light, which slowly entered his body. In his heart, Zhao Ji affirmed, After tomorrow, Han territory will be the place where I rise. I have already seen through the hearts of men. Once I merge with the Profound-rank magic treasure Heart Resonance, my spirit as a warrior will become even stronger. But beneath royal power, a single command cannot be defied; the road ahead will still be far from smooth. General Meng Wu stood imposingly upon the high platform and announced the good news to all the soldiers in the camp, "Han territory has been pacified. Elite soldiers of Great Qin, you have all worked hard. By the Emperor's order, those who rendered merit in the campaign to destroy Han shall be rewarded accordingly." All the soldiers below erupted in earth-shaking cheers. After that, Meng Wu looked toward Zhao Ji. He praised him excitedly. "In this great battle, thanks to General Zhao Ji's Jinchuang medicine, our army's casualties did not even reach ten thousand. By imperial decree, he is appointed Chief Commander of Han Suppression, commanding one hundred thousand troops to garrison Han territory. After the roll call is complete, the remaining generals shall return with me to Yong City." When the soldiers heard this, they all shouted in unison, "General Zhao Ji! General Zhao Ji!" Meng Tian also cheerfully came forward to congratulate Zhao Ji. "My father was worried about you before. But now, with such fame and prestige, commanding one hundred thousand troops, nothing will be able to stop you in the future." As he spoke, Meng Wu ordered Meng Tian to leave. "Meng Tian, hurry up and go." He mounted his warhorse, preparing to depart. But he still did not forget to turn back and instruct Zhao Ji, "Boy Zhao Ji, Han territory will be entrusted to you from here on. But I also have a few sincere words of advice for you. Han territory has only just been settled. The states of Zhao and Wei may very well send troops into Han lands. You must be extremely careful." Zhao Ji respectfully cupped his hands in thanks. "Many thanks for Supreme General's guidance. This subordinate understands." After saying that, Supreme General Meng Wu gave the order to the soldiers. "The great army returns in triumph. Soldiers under this General, follow this General back to Yong City. Zhao Ji, this time the Emperor's grace has made you chief commander, yet it also grants you the authority of a supreme general. You must grasp the deeper meaning within that well." Then the Supreme General departed. Zhao Ji stood on the martial platform, watching the soldiers move out toward Yong City. After that, one of Zhao Ji's subordinates stepped forward to report, "General, the troops below the command platform are the Han Suppression army General Meng left behind. They are waiting for your instruction." "Good," Zhao Ji answered in a clear and vigorous voice. But Du Sui still had a question. "General, there is one thing I do not understand." "What is it?" Zhao Ji asked in confusion. Du Sui replied, "Although the troops General Meng left behind are all elite soldiers, most of them have lost their chief commanders. Some do not even have middle-ranking officers. I do not know what deeper meaning lies behind this." Hearing this, Zhao Ji merely smiled faintly. "Haha." Then he turned to Du Sui and said, "This is General Meng's goodwill. I will remember this great favor." Du Sui was stunned. "A great favor?" That was what he said aloud, but inside, Zhao Ji had his own understanding. General Meng had deliberately left behind elite troops who had lost the commanders leading them, so that he could train up a core force and personal power of his own. It was clearly done with genuine goodwill toward him. After thinking it through, Zhao Ji loudly addressed the army standing below, "Brave men, from today onward, you will follow this General in guarding Han territory. This General has one rule: military orders are as immovable as mountains. Those who achieve merit shall be richly rewarded. Those who make mistakes shall be severely punished." Zhao Ji continued his declaration. "This General and all of you will together protect the foundation of Great Qin. From today on, this General's military orders are the very direction our Qin soldiers shall follow. In the army, there is only one voice. That is this General's military command. Have you all understood?" All the soldiers raised their swords high, expressing their unity with Zhao Ji. Beneath the bright golden sunlight, it was as if a brilliant future had already been foretold. Zhao Ji stood there in his majesty, looking at his valiant army. He thought to himself, From now on, this is my own domain. But it is still not enough, never enough. In that atmosphere, Zhang Han was still unable to hide his astonishment, and he joyfully said to Du Sui, "My heavens, from now on, we truly are commanders of fifty thousand men. Our ranks have risen two levels, to Left and Right Secondary Officials." Du Sui also replied excitedly, "I always thought yesterday was just a dream. Even now, despite the military order having already come down, it still feels as if I haven't woken up yet." Hearing the two of them chattering, Zhao Ji turned and teased them, "What's this? Would this General lie to you?" Zhang Han and Du Sui hastily waved away that thought from Zhao Ji. "This subordinate would not dare doubt the General." Zhao Ji stopped joking with them. He seriously said, "All right, enough joking. It just so happens this General has something for the two of you to do." As he said this, Zhao Ji secretly smiled to himself. I haven't even said anything, so why are these two so frightened? Next, Zhao Ji gave the two of them an order. "In this battle, many elite soldiers killed the enemy and earned merit. Their ranks are to be raised according to their achievements. The two of you will now lead the troops back to camp and distribute rewards according to merit. Absolutely no mistakes are permitted." The two of them responded in unison, "Yes, this subordinate obeys." Watching Zhang Han and Du Sui's backs gradually disappear into the distance, Zhao Ji returned to his room and opened the system with anticipation. Finally, the day had come to fuse with Heart Resonance. Let the army train battle formations, enhance their combat power, and forge a tiger-wolf division capable of overturning heaven and earth. He ordered the system, "System, fuse Heart Resonance for me at once." The system immediately accepted the command. "Receiving the host's command to fuse Heart Resonance." Then streams of shining electricity entered Zhao Ji's body. Fusion was essentially a magic treasure acknowledging its master. "Checking attributes: Heart Resonance." The system displayed the information. "Battle magic treasure: Heart Resonance, high-grade Profound rank. Can be expanded. Attribute: when the host leads troops into battle, it can increase the morale of the host's army training by 100%. It can improve the coordination of army formations, temper emotions, and raise combat strength. Hidden attribute: Protector of the Master; can block one fatal strike for the host." Holding the magic treasure in his hand, Zhao Ji could not help rejoicing. "Worthy indeed of being a battle magic treasure. Haha, once I truly train one hundred thousand troops and lead them to kill enemies on the battlefield, it will be as if my comrades are attacking in my place and winning experience for me. The experience gained from that will be even greater than slaughtering ten thousand people myself." Then Zhao Ji's eyes shone brightly, ready to take action. "At that time, perhaps I can try attacking the State of Zhao. Then I won't be far from the Xiantian Realm either." Just then the system calculated again. "Calculating fame. Beginning calculation of the host's fame rewards. Congratulations, Host, on obtaining the prestige of five hundred thousand people. Converted into rank reward: 50,000 upgrade points. Divine Archery, Acupoint Sealing, points: 50,000." Looking at the rewards the system had given, Zhao Ji said to himself, "Mm, not bad. Upgrade Divine Archery and Acupoint-Sealing Hand." The system displayed the point information again. "Divine Archery has increased to level ten, complete mastery. Fire ten arrows in succession. Within three hundred zhang, every shot hits the mark." "Acupoint-Sealing Hand increased to level five, 50% mastery. Can seal acupoints five times without internal force dissipating." At that moment, Zhao Ji's subordinate Li Qing hurried in to report, "Reporting to General Zhao, this subordinate has completed the task you assigned." Zhao Ji cheerfully asked, "Go ahead and speak." The subordinate respectfully reported the situation. "Yes. The brothers have all been assigned to different units and have received suitable rewards. Everything complies with Great Qin's military merit regulations, and no one will be able to criticize it. In addition, this subordinate has also selected elite soldiers from within the army to join the personal guard camp. In at most ten days, a personal guard force of over a thousand men can be established." Zhao Ji was very satisfied. He patted Li Qing on the shoulder and praised him, "Li Qing, well done. It was not in vain that I regarded you as a trusted confidant." Li Qing also replied gratefully, "To exert myself for the General is this subordinate's duty." Then, all of a sudden, Zhao Ji and Li Qing both fell silent. Neither of them said anything. Zhao Ji seemed to sense that something was off. He removed his hand from Li Qing's shoulder and said, "Understood. You may withdraw first." Then Li Qing left. Watching Li Qing's departing back, Zhao Ji felt his heart grow heavy. How long had it been since Li Qing had stopped calling him Brother Ji? At the least, it had already been several months. Their identities had changed. Could it be that he, Li Qing, and the brothers from Li Village could never return to how things were before? He let out a dispirited sigh. "Sigh... military power, military power really is like this." Remembering how respectfully the soldiers treated him, he felt even more weary. How lonely that royal authority seated high above must be. No wonder royal power turns faithless. Because even the remaining affection will eventually disappear. Even loyalty and devotion will show traces of wavering. He let out another long sigh and continued thinking to himself. Perhaps his luck was still better than others' after all. In the end, he had the Loyalty System. But even so, it would still be hard to avoid stepping onto the path of wielding overwhelming power. Then he stroked his chin and pondered again. Speaking of using power to govern a state, in that regard, for a military general like himself, it truly was not ideal. Politics in Han territory would be managed by Feng Quji, whom the King of Qin had sent. Though he had no interest in such things, he still had to cultivate his own people. As soon as he stepped out of the room, Zhao Ji immediately thought of that person. And that person was the best possible choice. After walking for a while, Zhao Ji arrived at the prison. When they saw Zhao Ji come, the subordinates guarding the place hurriedly greeted him. "General Zhao, why have you personally come to such a filthy place?" Zhao Ji said calmly, "I'm here to see someone. Those ministers who previously refused to surrender are all imprisoned here, correct?" The soldier replied with a smile, "Yes, yes. But at first they all refused to surrender. Yet after only a few days, they couldn't endure it anymore. Now even if they want to surrender, there is no longer any chance." When they saw Zhao Ji, some of Han territory's former ministers stretched out their hands and begged him for help. "My lord, spare my life!" Zhao Ji was also somewhat stunned when he saw these prisoners. One Han minister sobbed and pleaded, "My lord, I truly can't endure it anymore. I don't want to die. I am willing to submit to Great Qin, willing to serve Great Qin with all my strength." Then a great many hands reached out at once, all begging for salvation. "My lord, spare my life! I agree to surrender to Qin. Save me!" Some of the ministers were even ready to sell out their country. "I know the secrets of the King of Han. I am willing to tell the King of Qin everything." But Zhao Ji's subordinate resolutely swung his whip, striking those begging hands directly. He shouted at those people, "You lot are worse than dogs. Pull your hands back. Don't dirty General Zhao's armor." Zhao Ji also cursed them. "When disaster had not yet befallen you, you chased fame and reputation. But after suffering for only a few days, you've already thrown away even your own king and country. What use are people like you to Great Qin?" The moment he finished speaking, loud laughter rang out from inside the prison. "Hahaha!" One prisoner sat alone in the corner of the cell, upright and composed. His hair was disheveled as he continued, "Hahaha. Exactly right. Han territory is no longer a state, its officials are no longer officials, its loyal ministers are no longer loyal ministers. Today Han is destroyed. Before long, the other states will also be destroyed. The one who will rule all under heaven will be Qin." Hearing this, Zhao Ji's face suddenly lit up. Found him. It's him. Zhao Ji walked over to this man. He spoke gently to him, "As expected of Young Master Han Fei. You truly live up to your reputation, unlike those useless wretches who only know how to sell themselves for glory and cling to life in fear of death." The man asked in puzzlement, "You know me, General?" Zhao Ji eagerly continued, "Han Fei, the great master of Legalism. I came precisely because of you." Zhao Ji thought to himself, Han Fei is the only man in all the world who can stand shoulder to shoulder with Li Si. But in history, because Li Si feared that he would threaten his position, Han Fei was ultimately poisoned to death in prison. Han Fei was a heroic man, yet he still collapsed after being poisoned in prison. Thinking of that scene, Zhao Ji felt as if he had found a treasure. But now that Han Fei had met him, if Han Fei was willing to work for him, then he would all the more have to help him reverse his fate. He said to Han Fei, "I am Zhao Ji. I wonder whether I might have the honor of speaking with you for a while, sir. Perhaps it may open up a different Han future for you." Han Fei gave a faint smile and replied, "So you are Zhao Ji. The general who defeated Great Han? A different Han future? You're just trying to persuade me to surrender, that's all. If so, there is no need for further words. My state is already lost. I only wish to die quickly. Hahaha." Hearing this, Zhao Ji suddenly laughed as well, Han Fei asked in confusion, “Why did the General suddenly laugh like that? Do you think I am speaking nonsense?” Zhao Ji replied calmly, “I was merely reminded of one of your works, The Five Vermin. In it, you wrote: ‘When the age changes, affairs change; when affairs change, methods must change.’” Seeing Zhao Ji’s resolute gaze and hearing his words, he became even more certain that he could persuade Han Fei. Han Fei was a rare genius unmatched through the ages, but Zhao Ji possessed historical knowledge, culture, learning, and vision accumulated from the modern era. So he was not necessarily inferior to Han Fei. After thinking this through, Zhao Ji continued, “I had thought you had long since seen through this world, sir. Yet in the end, you still imprison yourself within so-called loyalty and righteousness.” Han Fei froze when he heard that. Stammering, he said, “Th-this is…” But he still shook his head firmly and refused. “Of course I know that Qin unifying the realm is inevitable. That is precisely why I wish to fulfill my loyalty and righteousness.” But Zhao Ji cut him off. “If you die, then you will never see the day when Huaxia is truly unified. Is that what you have longed for all your life?” “Will you truly have no regrets at all?” Han Fei became more irritated at Zhao Ji’s words and retorted, “Could it be that serving Great Qin, an enemy state, and living in shame is what it means to have no regrets?” Zhao Ji still spoke unhurriedly, “I only hope that you will devote yourself to me.” Han Fei was stunned. “Ah? Devote myself to you?” Zhao Ji answered cheerfully, “That’s right—devote yourself to me, Zhao Ji. Then it would not count as your surrendering to an enemy state. Both sides would be satisfied.” Han Fei’s expression changed at once. “Could it be that you intend to usurp the throne?” He burst into loud laughter and pointed at Zhao Ji. “Hahaha! If the King of Qin learned that the sharp sword fighting for him on the battlefield was actually a disloyal subject, I wonder how he would feel. Ridiculous! I would not even surrender to the King of Qin, much less to an unfaithful, unrighteous ingrate like you!” Zhao Ji remained unmoved. “Have I not earned everything I have with my life on distant battlefields? I have no intention of betraying Qin, but neither do I intend to bow my head to power and place my own life in someone else’s hands.” Han Fei was astonished by these words. He said to Zhao Ji, “I have underestimated you. What you desire is not royal authority, but a position above royal authority itself.” Staring at him, Han Fei asked in puzzlement, “But what exactly do you rely on to rise above royal authority? Before the King of Qin stands a ruler of extraordinary wisdom and strategy, one capable of making the world one. Only by serving such a king can I fulfill my aspirations. And what do you have?” As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Ji lifted a finger and said to Han Fei, “I have this!” In an instant, he struck Han Fei’s acupoint. A stream of power entered Han Fei’s body and coursed through all four limbs. Terrified, Han Fei cried out, “Why can’t my body move anymore? What kind of sorcery is this?” He stammered at Zhao Ji, “Y-you… what did you do to me?” Zhao Ji only answered leisurely, “This is the ultimate power of martial cultivation. And I am one who controls this transcendent power beyond the mortal realm.” He continued smugly, “For me, defeating enemies is only a minor skill. If one cultivates to perfection, even immortality is no longer impossible. Tell me, with power such as this, am I not qualified to stand above ordinary royal authority?” Then Zhao Ji released Han Fei’s acupoints, not forgetting to continue persuading him. “If you exchange all your loyalty for me, I can let you possess power like this as well.” As he spoke, he abruptly drew his sword and declared firmly, “So why stop at merely unifying the world? You could even catch a glimpse of it—why worry that you won’t see the world a thousand years from now? Now I will ask you once again: are you willing to devote yourself to me?” Han Fei had already been frightened into dread, sweat running down his cheeks. Dazed, he thought of Zhao Ji’s words. “The world a thousand years from now?” Yet even then, Han Fei remained stubborn and unconvinced. “Hmph. I have never heard of this so-called martial path. It is nothing more than a method of restraining the body. How am I to know whether you are deceiving me?” Hearing the wavering in Han Fei’s voice, Zhao Ji reflected inwardly. This man is truly stubborn. But if he says things like this, then his heart is already wavering. In that case, I’ll make him submit completely. Having made up his mind, Zhao Ji drew his sword and prepared to display his technique. “If that is so, then allow me to show you this move, sir.” With a whoosh, Zhao Ji’s sword came slashing down. The stone and earth beneath the prison floor were torn apart and blasted in all directions around Han Fei’s cell. Han Fei was utterly aghast and cried out, “Th-this… this is…” Zhao Ji, meanwhile, beamed brightly after that dazzling display and said to Han Fei, “This is a dungeon after all, so I can only use a little power like this. But surely this is already far beyond mortal limits. Do you believe me now, sir?” Han Fei nodded repeatedly. “I believe you, I believe you.” Trembling, he said, “With power like this, no one under heaven could stop you. No wonder you do not fear royal authority. But if you want me to devote all my strength and loyalty to you, then I want you to answer one question for me.” “Speak,” Zhao Ji ordered. Han Fei continued, “You say you do not wish to be controlled by royal authority, but if the King of Qin continues to treat you with favor, would you still not rebel?” Zhao Ji sighed and explained, “This is an age of chaos and war. All I want is peace, freedom, and ease. As long as the King of Qin harbors no ill intent toward me, I will absolutely not rebel. But that only applies in a proper and legitimate sense. If, in the future, his son who inherits the throne proves useless, talentless, and devoid of virtue, then I cannot guarantee what will happen.” Han Fei nodded with appreciation. “You are more clear-sighted than I am. Even while possessing such power, you have not cast aside loyalty and righteousness.” Then Han Fei immediately dropped to his knees and performed the formal gesture of a loyal subject bowing before Zhao Ji. “A wise bird chooses the tree on which it rests. I, Han Fei, am willing to devote my utmost loyalty to General Zhao. For the General, I am willing to die in obedience.” Zhao Ji also said with delight, “Young Master Han Fei, you will surely not regret the choice you made today.” Then he silently resolved to protect Han Fei. If you serve me wholeheartedly, I will definitely keep you safe. I will help you escape the mire of history. Scene changes—after spending a long time persuading Han Fei to work for him, Zhao Ji walked out of the prison cell somewhat wearily. Relaxed, he thought to himself, Ah, I’ve won Han Fei over. This trip really wasn’t in vain. Then Zhao Ji returned to his quarters and once again called for the system. “System, check Han Fei’s loyalty value for me.” The system quickly displayed a notification: “Han Fei’s loyalty value has been obtained for the host. Han Fei’s loyalty value: 75.” Zhao Ji was overjoyed. “His loyalty value already reached 75 just like that? In this era, a gentleman’s promise truly is worth a thousand pieces of gold.” At that moment, Zhang Han came in and reported, “General, you’ve finally returned. Someone outside the residence requests an audience.” “Who is it?” Zhao Ji asked in confusion. Zhang Han answered cautiously, “Reporting to General, I do not know either. But he came from Xianyang and carries travel documents. He says that once he meets the General, he wishes to report an important matter. I had no choice but to have him wait in the front hall.” After hearing this, Zhao Ji pondered, Could it be Feng Quji, sent by the King to handle civilian affairs? But the timing from Yongcheng to here doesn’t seem quite right. Forget it. I’ll go meet him and see. Seeing Zhao Ji approach, the man in front immediately called out, “General Zhao!” Zhao Ji spoke at once. “Who are you?” The man turned around, looking displeased. “General Zhao, you’ve kept me waiting quite a while. I am Wu Da, from the Office of the Commandant of Justice. By order of Lord Li Si, the Qin Commandant of Justice, I have come to see the General.” Zhao Ji said indifferently, “So you are one of Li Si’s men. No wonder you carry yourself like that. But I am the chief commander of an entire region and am not under his authority. In front of me, you had best put away that dog-basking-in-its-master’s-power attitude.” Wu Da gritted his teeth in anger. “You—!” He thought to himself, This Zhao Ji really is stubborn. If this were Xianyang, I wouldn’t be afraid of you. He immediately forced his expression back into respect, lowered his head, clasped his hands, and said, “This humble official was rude. I hope the General will forgive me. In truth, I have come this time at Lord Li Si’s request.” Zhao Ji sat down, looked at him, and said, “I belong to the Yongcheng army stationed in Han territory and act only according to royal decree. Since you have come this time, do you carry an order from the King?” Wu Da looked slightly awkward. “This… it is Lord Li Si’s private matter, but it also concerns the state, so there is no formal order.” Zhao Ji frowned. “A private matter?” Wu Da replied, “During the conquest of Han, among the captured Han officials there is one named Han Fei, is there not? This man remains loyal to Han even unto death. Lord Li Si hopes that the General will kill him and eliminate a future threat to our Great Qin.” Zhao Ji immediately burst into laughter. “Hahaha! Eliminate what future threat? Li Si clearly wants to use my hand to get rid of Han Fei. With a mind so narrow, how could he ever accomplish great things?” Enraged, Wu Da shouted, “General Zhao, what do you mean by that?” Zhao Ji said, “It means that Han Fei has already sworn to serve me. How could I cut off one of my own arms? But you will have no chance to deliver any message back to Li Si.” Then he turned toward the door and called for Li Qing. Hearing the call, Li Qing rushed in. “Present, General.” “Drag this man outside the city and deal with him. Make it clean.” “Understood.” Wu Da was instantly terrified when he heard this. Li Qing quickly dragged him away. In a panic, Wu Da shouted repeatedly, “What? Zhao Ji! I am a man of the Office of the Commandant of Justice—you cannot kill me! Are you going to oppose Lord Li Si for the sake of a surrendered Han official?” The moment he finished speaking, a slap landed across his face. “What nonsense are you babbling?” The slap knocked Wu Da unconscious. Li Qing seized him by the collar and dragged him outside. Zhao Ji thought to himself, Li Si, I originally had no wish to make an enemy of you. But now that Han Fei is by my side, conflict with you is unavoidable. The most important position of Chancellor—you will have to hand it back sooner or later. At the same time, in Yongcheng, at Li Family Village, a group of soldiers rode into the village. Seeing people arrive, the village chief hurried forward to greet them. “Sir, what urgent business brings you here at such speed?” The rider said, “The Yongcheng army has returned victorious. General Pang Zhuang ordered me to come to Li Family Village to deliver news. All men who joined the army—quickly gather the villagers here.” The old village chief clasped his hands. “Yes, yes.” After everyone in the village had been gathered, the rider opened a scroll and announced, “The men who went to war fought bravely and did not fear death. I will now read the list of those who died in battle. Li Family Village soldiers are posthumously awarded ranks.” When one elderly couple heard that their son had died, their legs gave out and they collapsed to the ground, weeping loudly. “My son!” The rider continued reading, “Li Lin, soldier, posthumously awarded rank six.” Among the crowd, an older woman looked anxiously at the young woman beside her and asked, “Yuan’er, why wouldn’t you listen to me? I could have listened to the news and told you afterward. Why did you insist on coming here yourself?” Yuan’er, carrying her heavy pregnant belly, squeezed through the crowd and answered, “Auntie, I have to hear news of Brother Ji with my own ears before I can feel at ease.” The messenger continued, “The list of those who died heroically has been finished. Next, I will read the list of those to be honored and promoted.” The older woman beside her said happily, “That’s wonderful. Zhao Ji’s name wasn’t among the dead. You can rest easy now. He must be on the rewards list.” Yuan’er smiled and replied, “Whether he is rewarded or not doesn’t matter. As long as he is safe, that is enough.” The messenger then called out loudly, “Li Qing, rank of Fifth Rank, serving as a personal guard commander, with an annual stipend of 450 shi.” The older woman exclaimed in amazement, “My, my! That boy of ours really is outstanding. I wonder which commanding general promoted him.” The rider continued, “Li Da, rank of Eighth Rank, appointed commander of ten thousand men, with a stipend of 400 shi.” The older woman turned to joke with the people nearby, “Li Da is impressive too. All the men from our village who left together have done wonderfully.” Only Yuan’er felt confused when she still did not hear Zhao Ji’s name. The rider on horseback then turned to the right and clasped his hands. “General Pang, the list has been fully read.” Pang Zhuang nodded. “Good. Return to Yongcheng at once and report back.” Yuan’er was startled. “That’s not right. Why isn’t Brother Zhao’s name on the list either?” She immediately ran in front of Pang Zhuang’s horse and shouted, “Sir! My husband is Zhao Ji. He enlisted together with Li Qing and Li Da. Why is there not a single word of news about him?” Pang Zhuang was taken aback. “What? You say your husband is Zhao Ji, who enlisted together with Generals Li Qing and Li Da?” Yuan’er nodded at once. “That is exactly so.” Pang Zhuang found it hard to believe and said, “That cannot be possible. As far as I know, when Zhao Ji enlisted, there was no one left in his household.” He thought to himself, Could it be that this Li Family Village, from which so many generals have suddenly emerged and received such appointments, is General Zhao’s old home? An elderly man then spoke up, “Sir, Yuan’er truly is carrying Zhao Ji’s child in her womb. It’s just that they had not yet married. Zhao Ji joined the army so that one day he could rise in rank and return to marry Yuan’er.” When Yuan’er realized she still had no direct news of Zhao Ji, her eyes filled with tears. The older woman beside her stepped forward to support her and added, “Everyone in our village can testify to this.” Pang Zhuang fell silent. Then he dismounted. Yuan’er was startled, and a sense of unease rose in her heart. She asked nervously, “Sir, why are you acting like this all of a sudden? Has something happened to my husband?” Pang Zhuang and the soldiers behind him all dropped to their knees before Yuan’er. Pang Zhuang clasped his hands and said, “General Ji is the great benefactor of the three armies of Qin. I ask Madam to accept this bow from me.” “Because General Zhao never sent word, I almost delayed this news. I hope Madam will forgive me. In the past, General Zhao gave us wound medicine and saved the Qin army from dire peril. He attacked Xinzheng and personally killed the King of Han. Now, by order of the King of Qin, General Zhao commands one hundred thousand troops and serves as the chief commander guarding Han territory. Li Qing, Li Da, and the others are all men under General Zhao Ji’s command.” Hearing this, Yuan’er was stunned. She stood there blankly, unable to believe what she had just heard. The older woman beside her blurted out, “Heavens! That boy Zhao Ji is actually a chief commander now. Yuan’er can finally rest easy.” Another older woman nearby nodded as well. “No wonder Li Qing and Li Da were able to rise in a single step. So they were following Zhao Ji.” Tears streamed down Yuan’er’s face as she kept telling herself, Brother Ji is fine. Brother Ji is fine. That’s wonderful. Suddenly, from within her womb, a wave of pain spread through her whole body. Yuan’er shut her eyes tightly. “It hurts! Auntie, my stomach hurts so much!” Her legs gave way and she dropped to the ground, clutching her belly. The older woman supporting her cried out in alarm, “Heavens! She must be about to give birth. Quickly, call the midwife! Hurry!” Immediately afterward, at the Supreme General’s residence in Yongcheng, a report rang out: “Supreme General! General Meng! Pang Zhuang urgently requests entry!” Meng Wu was chatting with his son. Seeing someone rush in so flustered, he immediately admonished, “You’ve been in the army for so many years, yet you are still this impatient.” Pang Zhuang knelt at once and clasped his hands. “Reporting to the Supreme General, this subordinate was discourteous, but I truly have urgent information to report.” Meng Wu said calmly, “Speak slowly. A soldier should remain composed. Even when facing death, he must not panic.” Pang Zhuang replied, “This subordinate went to Li Family Village to deliver news. I met General Zhao Ji’s unmarried wife, but when this subordinate left, Madam had already gone into labor.” The moment he finished speaking, Meng Wu sprayed the mouthful of tea he had just taken straight onto his son’s face. His eyes widened. “What did you say? That brat Zhao Ji has a wife, and she’s about to give birth?” Meng Tian, who was sitting behind him, raised a hand to wipe his face, his expression helpless. “Father, honestly…” Pang Zhuang nodded. “It is exactly as I said. Because General Zhao Ji never reported it, his stipend is still being held in the army. Whether it should be delivered to Madam Zhao is something I ask the Supreme General to decide.” Meng Wu barked, “Decide what? Prepare jewels, silver, five hundred guards, and maids for me at once. We leave immediately for Li Family Village.” After giving his orders, he hurried off to make preparations. By dusk, they had already arrived at Li Family Village. Seeing Meng Wu, the village chief bowed in salute. “Supreme General, this old man has led the entire village here to welcome you.” Meng Wu waved his hand. “No need for ceremony, no need for ceremony.” “Is that brat Zhao Ji’s wife here? Did the delivery go smoothly? Hurry and take me to see.” The village chief replied, “Reporting to General, General Zhao’s wife, Li Yuan’er, is just ahead. She has just given birth to twins, one boy and one girl. Mother and children are all safe.” Meng Wu was overjoyed. He placed a hand on the village chief’s shoulder and laughed. “Hahaha! Good, good, good. Thank you for taking care of her all this time.” The village chief replied, “We would not dare claim any credit. It was only what we ought to do.” Meng Wu said, “Twins, you say? That brat Zhao Ji really is both lucky and capable.” As he spoke, he cast a sidelong glance at his younger son. Seeing that, Meng Tian cleared his throat. “Father, why are you glaring at me?” Meng Wu jabbed a finger hard at his son’s forehead and shouted, “And you still have the nerve to ask what I want? Look at Zhao Ji—he’s already a father now. And not just that, he has twins! As for you, you’re already thirty years old. When are you finally going to let me become a grandfather?” Meng Tian cried out, “I know, I know already!” But after saying that, he grew a little resentful toward Zhao Ji. Angrily, he thought to himself, That brat Zhao Ji gets the joy of becoming a father, yet I get scolded by my own father because of it. Next time, I’ll definitely make you treat me to wine. Somewhere else, Zhao Ji suddenly sneezed, feeling as though someone were talking badly about him. They went to Yuan'er's recovery room. The village chief immediately lifted the curtain and asked after her, “Yuan'er, the Supreme General and General Meng have come especially to see you. General Zhao is highly valued now, so you’ve been blessed as well.” Seeing the Supreme General enter, Yuan'er immediately held her child and sat up to pay her respects. “This common woman greets the Supreme General.” Meng Wu walked over and said cheerfully, “No need for formalities. You’ve just given birth, so it’s best not to move too much. Zhao Ji is my subordinate. You can just call me Uncle.” Meng Tian, following behind, poked his head out with a bright grin and said, “Then you can call me big brother.” Yuan'er felt a little shy and softly said, “Uncle... ...big brother.” Half of the jade pendant Zhao Ji had given her before was exposed on the bed. Meng Wu caught sight of it, and suspicion immediately arose in his heart. “Hm? What is that?” Meng Tian, meanwhile, noticed nothing and was still joking with her. “Hey, you really called me big brother. That brat Zhao Ji sure is lucky too. He hid things so well that he didn’t let out the slightest bit of information.” Meng Wu, however, suddenly remembered, why does this jade pendant look so much like the one I once saw in the King’s Zhongtai Palace? But how could something belonging to the King appear on a woman for no reason? Or am I remembering wrong? Yuan'er, from across from them, answered Meng Tian, “This really isn’t Brother Ji’s fault. I only found out I was pregnant after Brother Ji left. Brother Ji didn’t know about this either.” Meng Tian said, “No wonder. I was just saying, he wouldn’t be so heartless as to deceive us like that. So it turns out even he knew nothing about it.” Meng Wu smiled and said, “Since that is the case, then don’t worry. In a moment, I’ll have someone ride out and inform Zhao Ji. I also brought some silver, along with servants and guards. They will definitely protect you thoroughly. You only need to focus on recovering properly.” Yuan'er happily thanked him, “Thank you, Uncle. Yuan'er is deeply grateful.” Meng Wu replied, “It’s nothing. This is what I should do.” After leaving the room, Meng Tian turned around and instructed the servants, “Go in and take good care of Madam. Also, dispatch another five hundred soldiers to guard this place from all sides. Madam’s safety must not suffer the slightest negligence.” The guard bowed his head and replied, “Understood.” Meng Wu then spoke up, “Tian'er.” Meng Tian immediately asked, “What is it, Father?” Meng Wu lifted his eyes to the sky, as if weighed down by some concern. He said, “Do you know why generation after generation of the Meng family has received the ruler’s favor, and why our family has prospered and flourished?” Meng Tian smiled and answered, “Of course it’s because of the loyalty of our Meng family.” Meng Wu let out a hearty laugh. “Besides loyalty, one must also consider the state of the court and the ruler’s power. Only then will the ruler feel at ease using us.” He turned and looked at his son, instructing him, “Write a letter and send it back to Luoyang. Report everything that happened here to the King.” Meng Tian frowned. “Father, what do you mean by that?” Meng Wu cleared his throat. “You still don’t understand? The King is suspicious by nature when it comes to commanding generals. Someone he has never even met, yet who has already won so many military merits—how much trust do you think he will place in him? Only by letting the King know that Zhao Ji already has a wife and children, letting the King grasp Zhao Ji’s weakness, will the King feel more at ease entrusting him with even greater responsibilities. This is also for that brat Zhao Ji’s own good. It is the way of a subject, and it can also be considered a favor that Zhao Ji will owe our family.” Meng Tian replied, “Father truly sees farther ahead. I’ll do it at once.” Meng Wu waved his hand and gave a low grunt. “Go.” He looked up at the star-filled sky, his heart full of thoughts. Great Qin under heaven. The King is heroic and farsighted. The day Great Qin unifies the realm is no longer far away. But once the realm is unified, what kind of situation will follow? In Xianyang, a eunuch was hurrying breathlessly toward Zhangtai Palace. Inside the council chamber, the King of Qin looked at the map and asked, “The State of Zhao is powerful, and it has defeated Great Qin many times. Li Mu and Pang Nuan are both excellent generals. As for destroying Zhao, Wei Liao, do you have any thoughts?” Wei Liao replied, “This subject has no objection. The King of Zhao is chronically ill, so almost all affairs have been handed over to Chancellor Guo Kai, and that man is extremely greedy. This is an opportunity to make the State of Zhao collapse from within. But compared with destroying Zhao, our army only destroyed Han not long ago. The other states are still eyeing us like tigers watching their prey. At present, we should still place priority on firmly holding Han.” The King of Qin said, “Han territory is already guarded by Zhao Ji. I need not worry.” Suddenly, the King of Qin glanced up and asked, “What do you think of this Zhao Ji?” Wei Liao replied, “This man is no ordinary person. He is an exceptional talent. He has only been in the army for half a year, yet he has already taken first merit. Such merit is no accident. To gain merit for the sake of gaining merit—one can see the deep schemes hidden beneath.” The King of Qin laughed loudly. “Hahaha. For someone to receive such praise from a disciple of Guigu like you is extremely rare in this world. Zhao Ji being born in Great Qin is Great Qin’s good fortune.” The King of Qin looked at his own hand and continued, “But his edge is too sharp. I always have a feeling that he is hard to control. If I wish to entrust him with great responsibility in the future, I must be a little more cautious.” Just then, the eunuch ran in from outside and reported, “Your Majesty, a message has arrived from the main camp at Yongcheng.” After reading the urgent report, the King of Qin burst into laughter. “Hahahaha. Well now, that Zhao Ji is so young, yet he is already married? And he has even fathered a pair of dragon-phoenix twins. Meng Wu has brought me something that guarantees Zhao Ji’s loyalty.” The King of Qin paused, then said, “But this Li Family Village’s Li Yuan'er sounds a little familiar.” The eunuch immediately replied, “Reporting to Your Majesty, the daughter of Lord Li Si—the one who arranged her own marriage without permission—is named Yuan'er.” The King of Qin curled his lips. “So she is Li Si’s daughter. How interesting.” He clenched his fist and clicked his tongue. I had originally thought this Zhao Ji might be a great variable. Who would have thought that the rope to bind him tightly would fall right into my hands? The King of Qin immediately called out and issued an order, “In my name, bestow marriage and make Li Yuan'er Zhao Ji’s principal wife. Also, after the two princesses of Han are captured, bestow them upon Zhao Ji as concubines. Select fifty palace attendants from the palace and send them to care for Li Yuan'er. Reward them with one thousand mu of farmland and one thousand taels of silver.” “Understood.” Wei Liao then said, “Such generous rewards show how highly Your Majesty values Zhao Ji. Zhao Ji will naturally understand that he must serve his ruler and repay the state.” The King of Qin said, “Now that I hold his weakness, I need not fear his disloyalty. If I had some lingering worry before, now all that remains is expectation. That Zhao Ji is no honest man. With him stationed in Han, he may stir up some waves. Feng Quji has already arrived there. I am increasingly looking forward to seeing what kind of waves he will raise.” At Zhao Ji’s residence in Xinzheng, Han Fei had now changed into neat, proper clothes. He stepped before Zhao Ji and bowed. “Your subordinate Han Fei greets you, my lord.” Seeing him, Zhao Ji waved his hand and said, “No need for formalities. In these past few days, sir has cast off all the dejection from prison. Your bearing is even more extraordinary than before. Sit.” Han Fei smiled, cupped his hands, and replied, “Many thanks, my lord.” After taking his seat, he asked, “My lord summoned Han Fei. May I ask what instructions you have?” Zhao Ji smiled and replied, “Just an ordinary chat, sir. Don’t be nervous. I heard that Qin minister Li Si and sir were fellow disciples. What kind of relationship do the two of you have?” Han Fei did not hide anything and answered openly, “We were close friends, affectionate and intimate.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji could not help but think to himself, Han Fei is highly talented, but his thinking is rather simple. He answered matter-of-factly, “It seems sir truly regarded Li Si as a good friend and treated him sincerely. Unfortunately, he does not feel the same toward you.” Han Fei, hearing this, did not understand and asked, “What do you mean, my lord?” Zhao Ji had no intention of speaking in circles. He warned him frankly. “A few days ago, Li Si sent someone to see me, but it was not to plead on behalf of an old friend. He specifically wanted you killed.” Han Fei could not hide his shock when he heard that. He sprang to his feet and asked, “What? This... why would he want to kill me?” Zhao Ji did not answer at once, but instead asked back, “Do you think I am deceiving you?” At those words, Han Fei’s expression changed instantly. He dropped heavily back into his chair and said in a low voice, “No, my lord has no reason to deceive me. It’s only that I truly cannot understand it. I treated him as a confidant. Why would he treat me this way?” Zhao Ji stood up and extended a hand as he explained, “Of course it is for profit. Sir has been brilliant all your life—how can you fail to understand the human heart?” He walked closer to Han Fei, who sat motionless, and continued, “Li Si understands your talent better than anyone. That is why he fears that once you enter Qin, you will compete with him for power. Therefore, he can only kill you. Only then can he remain the number one Legalist.” Hearing this, Han Fei let out a mocking laugh. He held his head, now finally understanding the reason. “My lord is right. I truly do not understand the human heart, nor had I ever imagined it could be so terrifying.” Zhao Ji’s face turned serious as he sincerely reminded him, “Knowing it now is not too late. I am telling you this precisely to warn you. The most terrifying thing in this world is not royal power, nor weapons, but the human heart.” Having understood this principle, Han Fei rose and sincerely cupped his hands with a bow. “Thank you, my lord, for your guidance. This subordinate understands. As for that close friend of mine, Li Si, I will certainly keep my distance from him.” This answer was clearly not what Zhao Ji wanted. He frowned and expressed his view. “Sir, in these troubled times, if he wants to kill you, what use is keeping your distance?” Seeing Han Fei looking at him in confusion, Zhao Ji asked, “Do you not want to contend with him? He fears you will take his position, so you should all the more take his position. That would be the greatest punishment and warning for him. It is also the best form of self-protection.” Han Fei was somewhat astonished. He lifted his head and looked straight at Zhao Ji, probing, “My lord wants me to enter the court and seize Li Si’s position, rather than remain by your side to assist you?” Zhao Ji met his gaze directly, his answer firm, as though testing Han Fei’s resolve. “Do you dare make a move?” Hearing those words, Han Fei immediately knelt and declared loudly, “Han Fei obeys as my lord commands. He feared I would compete with him, so he sought to kill me. Then I will compete with him to the very end.” At that point, Han Fei suddenly changed the subject and asked, “But my lord, are you not afraid? Are you not afraid that one day your subordinate will only pretend loyalty to you, then betray you?” Zhao Ji replied, “Everyone fears the human heart, but I do not. Do you know why?” He placed a hand on one of Han Fei’s shoulders and answered himself. “Because I can see through the human heart, including yours.” Zhao Ji seemed to radiate killing intent. His cold words were also a warning to the disloyal. “I will kill him before he betrays me. If you do not believe I have that ability, you may try.” Before Zhao Ji’s imposing pressure, Han Fei could not help but be startled and afraid. His face was drenched in sweat, but he still forced himself to answer, “If it were anyone else, I certainly would not believe it. But my lord possesses divine martial ability. Han Fei has not the slightest doubt.” Hearing those words, Zhao Ji was satisfied. He looked at the system screen, which displayed: Han Fei loyalty, 80. Sure enough, no matter when, strength was still the best means of winning people over. Han Fei’s loyalty had reached the level of absolute loyalty. He could now be used with complete peace of mind. At that moment, a soldier entered. “Reporting to the General, Lord Feng Quji, who has been sent by the court to manage the civil affairs of Han territory, has arrived. He is currently waiting outside the hall.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji immediately gave the order, “Quickly, why are you still standing there? Bring him in at once.” Then he turned to Han Fei and said, “Sir, your first backer—your first step to rising in one bound—has arrived.” Han Fei asked somewhat doubtfully, “General, do you mean Feng Quji? Feng Quji, one of Great Qin’s Nine Ministers?” Zhao Ji replied, “That’s right. Today he has been sent by the King to serve as the chief civil administrator of Han territory. If you serve under him and help him achieve merit, then in the future, you will certainly be valued by the King. But remember this well: the relationship between you and me must absolutely not be exposed.” Receiving the order, Han Fei bowed and accepted it. “Everything will be done according to your instructions, my lord.” A few minutes later, a subordinate led Lord Feng Quji to Zhao Ji. As soon as he arrived, Feng Quji cupped his hands in salute. “Feng Quji, administrator of Han territory, greets General Zhao.” Zhao Ji was equally courteous and bowed in return. “Lord Feng, forgive me for failing to welcome you from afar.” Feng Quji hurriedly answered, “I wouldn’t dare. From my time in Xianyang, I have long heard of General Zhao’s great name. Seeing you today, your mighty bearing truly lives up to your reputation. From now on, you and I will be working together. I hope for the General’s guidance.” On the surface, Zhao Ji happily said, “With Lord Feng’s assistance, it is Zhao’s good fortune. From now on, we should support each other.” Inwardly, however, he could not help cursing this kind of bureaucratic talk. Truly, no matter how many lives one lives, people still keep deceiving one another. After this round of greetings, Feng Quji looked up and noticed there was a third person present. He asked, “This gentleman has an extraordinary bearing. Might I ask who he is?” Only then did Zhao Ji seem to remember, and he raised a hand in introduction. “I nearly forgot. This is Han Fei of Jixia Academy, a student of Master Xunzi. He has now agreed to devote himself to Great Qin.” Hearing this, Lord Feng Quji was delighted. “So it is Young Master Han Fei. I, Feng Quji, pay my respects to Young Master.” Han Fei hurried forward, raised Feng Quji’s hands, and responded warmly, “Lord Feng is too courteous. I am no longer any young master. I am only Qin subject Han Fei.” “Young Master, you are too modest. I, Feng, have long studied your writings without cease and have admired you for a long time. To meet you today, and to see you willing to serve our Great Qin—this is a blessing for Great Qin and a blessing for the King.” Zhao Ji extended his hand and invited the two men to sit. Lord Feng smiled outwardly, but inwardly he was thinking, Before I came to Han territory, Li Si had insisted that Han Fei must die. I also thought that a man like Han Fei would rather die than submit. Yet unexpectedly, he has truly joined our Great Qin. Before any military report even arrived, as long as Zhao Ji was here, something was bound to happen. Could Han Fei’s surrender to Qin also be Zhao Ji’s handiwork? If Zhao Ji persuaded Han Fei to surrender and can make him serve Great Qin, then he truly is a blessed general. But if he intends to keep Han Fei for his own private use, then Zhao Ji’s true intentions still need to be tested. Thinking this, Feng Quji spoke up. “General Zhao, I, Feng, have come on the King’s behalf to oversee Han territory. I have one request.” Before he could finish, Zhao Ji raised a hand and interrupted him. “Lord Feng, hear me out first.” Zhao Ji put on an earnest expression and said, “After speaking with Young Master Han Fei, I found that he is fully capable of bearing the heavy responsibility of governing a region alone. His prestige among the common people is also very high. Therefore, I believe that if Han Fei could become an assistant at your side and help Lord Feng govern Han territory, the results would surely be twice as good.” Feng Quji was briefly stunned. “Even so, Young Master Han Fei could still be won over wholeheartedly?” Zhao Ji decisively asked, “What does Lord Feng think?” Lord Feng said happily, “General Zhao’s words suit my intentions perfectly.” He thought to himself, So he is actually giving up Han Fei on his own initiative. This shows Zhao Ji has no selfish motives. The King can rest easy now. Then Lord Feng smiled and turned to Han Fei, asking, “I only wonder whether Young Master Han Fei would be willing to serve as my assistant. If you are willing, then in the future I will certainly report your merits to the King of Qin.” Hearing this, Han Fei answered modestly, “Lord Feng flatters me. Han Fei is willing to serve like an ox or horse.” Everything was unfolding just as planned, and Zhao Ji thought with satisfaction, Han Fei’s first step toward entering Qin and grasping power has succeeded. One day, when Han Fei holds great authority in Great Qin, his actions in the shadows will become even more crucial. Most importantly, he will be my most capable right-hand man, and also the most important key piece. That way, I can free up my hands and wholeheartedly deal with the hundred thousand surrendered soldiers in Han territory. In a ravine within the State of Han, to be more precise, Zhao Ji’s troops were raising their bows, keeping the surrendered Han soldiers under control. General Tu Sui shouted an order at the group of surrendered soldiers. “You’d better behave yourselves. Whoever dares cause trouble will be killed without mercy.” General Zhang Han, full of confusion, asked, “Tell me, why did General Zhao order us to gather Han territory’s surrendered troops here? How exactly does he intend to deal with them?” Hearing that, Tu Sui subconsciously raised a hand to stroke his chin and answered, “How else could he deal with them? According to Great Qin law, either they’re reduced to slaves, or sent into labor battalions, or...” “Or what?” Tu Sui suddenly thought of a certain person. He quickly covered his mouth, hiding his own shock. “Or like what General Bai Qi did back then. But General Zhao Ji probably wouldn’t do that, right? Otherwise why gather all one hundred thousand surrendered troops in one place?” Zhang Han said unhappily, “Are you going to finish or not? Or what?” Tu Sui gave an awkward laugh and brushed it off. “Anyway, we’ll just wait for General Zhao Ji to come and deal with it.” One of the surrendered Han soldiers stepped forward, bowed, and asked cautiously, “May I ask, you two generals... the General Zhao you speak of—is he General Zhao Ji, the one who killed the King of Han?” General Tu Sui immediately shouted, “What nonsense are you babbling about? General Zhao Ji commands the Han territory now, so of course it is for him to decide.” The surrendered soldier's face turned deathly pale, and he turned back to the others like him. “Heavens, it's Zhao Ji! We've fallen into Zhao Ji's hands! We're done for, brothers, done for!” The other soldiers panicked as well when they heard that. “Zhao Ji? That god of slaughter? We have no way to survive now.” Seeing the commotion, General Zhang Han drew his sword and threatened them. “Do you all have a death wish? No one is to move. If anyone moves again, arrows will be loosed.” That soldier immediately shouted back in fury, “What difference does it make if we fall into Zhao Ji's hands? We're dead either way. Might as well—” A cold voice rang out, “Might as well what?” The moment they heard those words, the Han soldiers all fell into confusion. Every face turned pale as they looked toward where the voice had come from. Zhao Ji appeared, clad in gleaming armor, heroic and imposing. As he walked, he said, “How strange. When your state fell and your homes were destroyed, I never saw you showing such courage. I had thought the Han army was full of useless cowards.” “So why is it that today, all of a sudden, you seem so fearless of death?” He walked over and sat down on the chair prepared for him. The two generals under his command immediately bowed in salute. Sitting there with one leg crossed over the other, Zhao Ji asked majestically, “Who was causing trouble just now? Step forward. I have something to ask.” One of the surrendered Han soldiers stepped out and admitted it himself. “It was me.” Looking at him, Zhao Ji gave a smile of approval. “Not bad. You've got courage.” He secretly judged that this stubborn resistance appearing in the face of danger was, to put it plainly, the result of complete despair. This was the perfect time to strike at their psychology. Thinking that through, Zhao Ji spoke. “Since you have already surrendered, you should go with the flow. Why did hearing my name provoke such a violent reaction? Are you afraid I will kill you? Afraid I will be like Lord Wu'an, Bai Qi?” The Han soldier lowered his head and said nothing. Zhao Ji continued pressing the psychological advantage. “If you won't speak, then it seems my guess was right. But you are wrong. Completely wrong. Today, I did not gather you here to kill you, but to give you a new life.” Hearing this, those soldiers asked suspiciously, “You... you're not going to kill us?” Zhao Ji smiled and replied, “Of course not. But if you want to live well, then you must answer my questions honestly.” Hearing that, the Han soldiers urged, “Ask away, General.” Seeing this, Zhao Ji went straight to the point. “Back when you fought for Han, how did Han conscript you? What were your stipends and allowances? Did you have any chance for advancement?” A representative of the Han soldiers answered in a low voice, “We joined the army because the court forced us. If we did not enlist, our families would be implicated. There were no allowances, and most of our pay was skimmed off by superior officers. We were lucky if we saw any money at all. And for men from humble families, promotion was impossible.” Hearing this, General Zhang Han said with dissatisfaction, “They did not even give you stipends or allowances? Your Han army truly is pitiful. I almost want to seek justice for you myself.” General Tu Sui also agreed. “Who would have thought the King of Han was so stingy?” The Han soldier immediately shouted angrily, “You! What right do you Qin soldiers have to mock us? At least we still received some pay. Your tyrannical Qin only knows killing and knows nothing of propriety. Ordinary soldiers are just able-bodied men seized by Qin for conscription. And besides, you don't get stipends at all.” When the Qin soldiers heard his accusation, all of them were startled and bewildered. Then every Qin soldier burst into loud laughter, their laughter echoing through the ravine. The surrendered Han troops had no idea what was going on. Zhao Ji also laughed loudly and could not help sneering. “So this is how the frogs at the bottom of Han's well see us.” General Tu Sui laughed until tears came to his eyes and exclaimed, “'Frogs at the bottom of a well'—General, that's a wonderful phrase.” The Han soldiers were so confused they stammered, “C-could it be that we were wrong?” Zhao Ji recalled that in history, Great Qin had been able to unify the world not only because of the great talents and strategy of the King of Qin, but also because of its advanced legal system, far superior to those of the other states. He waved his hand and ordered the two generals under him, “This is killing me. Tell them what Great Qin is really like.” General Zhang Han accepted the order and explained, “According to Qin law, a man of Great Qin becomes eligible for military service only at the age of seventeen. But service is limited to half a year. After six months, he may choose either to be discharged or to remain. There is no such thing as forced conscription.” General Tu Sui added, “In our Qin army, whether veteran or recruit, everyone receives stipends. If a man dies in battle, compensation is paid—enough to support his family.” Zhao Ji sat tapping the arm of the chair, then finally rose, clasping his hands behind his back as he said solemnly, “If what you said were true— that all Great Qin's soldiers were forced into service—then how could our army possibly maintain such strict discipline and remain undefeated? You truly have been blinded without even knowing it. Let me tell you one more thing. In Great Qin's army, there is no distinction of high and low. Everyone has a chance to become a marquis or a general. Kill the enemy and earn merit, and you can be granted rank. Under Great Qin's legal system, everyone is equal.” The Han soldiers still seemed unconvinced. The man asked suspiciously, “Looking across all the states, I've never heard of any legal system like that. You're exaggerating. Y-you want to trick us into losing face first and then kill us, don't you?” Zhao Ji raised his sword high and answered in a ringing voice, “That's exactly why I say you're frogs at the bottom of a well. Great Qin is undefeated because it has achieved what no other state can. And after hearing of Great Qin's legal system, you do not even dare to envy it. I, Zhao Ji, am valued by His Majesty and was appointed commander to suppress Han, placed over tens of thousands of troops. Yet just one year ago, I was only a poor disciple from an ordinary mountain village. I had no backing and no power. The position I hold today was earned through advancement through military merit. It was won by the sword in my hand that slew the enemy. In Great Qin, every soldier and officer is the same. This is something you Han people do not even dare dream of. It is also a grace that belongs only to the people of Great Qin.” After hearing all this, that Han soldier began to break down and fell to his knees on the ground, his hands clenched tight. “So we've been deceived by the whole world...” All the surrendered soldiers became dejected and sighed. “No wonder the soldiers and generals of Great Qin are so fierce. If I had that kind of chance to fight for my future, I too would be willing to risk my life. I only hate that I was born in Han. I also want to enlist under Qin.” Seeing this, Zhao Ji smiled inwardly. Psychological manipulation: successful. He stretched out his hand and used what he had already done to persuade them further. “If you too wish to serve Qin, then is the opportunity not right before your eyes? Han is finished. If you sincerely surrender to Qin, would you not become soldiers of Qin then?” The light of a firefly was tiny, but in darkness, even that faint glimmer was enough to make people scramble after it, treating it as hope regardless of the cost to themselves. Right now, these hundred thousand surrendered Han soldiers had been driven into a dead end. That only made them all the more eager to join the Qin army, and I am the lamp bringing them light, illuminating this darkness for them. Zhao Ji continued, “Under Great Qin's laws, there are only two kinds of judgment for those who surrender. One: become slaves and labor in the cities of Great Qin. Two: become convict soldiers and die on the battlefield protecting the Qin army in full. Both choices lead to only one ending: death. But today, I am giving you a completely different opportunity.” The surrendered Han soldiers began whispering among themselves. “Can we really become regular soldiers of Qin? We don't have to become slaves? Is that true or false?” Even Tu Sui was startled. He walked over to Zhao Ji and reminded him, “General, this has never been done before. Shouldn't you reconsider? If the higher-ups in Xianyang take notice, I fear His Majesty may censure you.” Zhao Ji smiled and said, “I am valued by His Majesty and stationed to guard Han territory. Naturally, I have full authority to decide.” Tu Sui answered, “But no matter what, they are still people of an enemy state.” Zhao Ji raised a hand to stop him and said, “The seven states are all of the same Yan and Yellow lineage. That is precisely why His Majesty harbors the ambition to unify them. Based on His Majesty's ambition, I am only changing the method for handling surrendered soldiers a little. I believe the King will surely approve. Even if one day His Majesty does censure me, I, this general, will bear all responsibility myself and not implicate anyone else.” Turning back toward the surrendered soldiers, he shouted, “You need only answer one thing: are you willing to serve Great Qin with all your heart and strength?” The Han soldiers shouted joyfully in unison, “General Zhao Ji is magnanimous and virtuous! We are willing to be loyal to Great Qin! We are willing to follow the General to the death!” Zhao Ji was delighted inwardly. A hundred thousand troops were now in his grasp. He waved his hand forward, and the surrendered soldiers immediately fell silent. Zhao Ji said, “Let me tell you this clearly. The chance I have given you—forgiveness, and the chance to become men of Great Qin's army—was a risky decision on my part. I hope you truly cherish it. You will only have this one chance. Serve Great Qin with all your heart. If any of you harbor thoughts of betrayal, your entire clan will be exterminated. There will absolutely be no pardon.” The surrendered Han soldiers all placed their hands over their chests and shouted together, “We will never be of two minds! We swear to be loyal to Great Qin unto death! Loyal to the General unto death! Please rest assured, General Zhao!” Zhao Ji turned around and instructed his two subordinates, “The two of you will immediately compile a full roster of the reserve troops. Incorporate them into the army under my command, but remember—break up their structure. Do not allow them to remain as one unified force.” The two men immediately cupped their hands. “This subordinate obeys.” Tu Sui turned to Zhang Han and said happily, “The General's move was truly brilliant. And bold as well. Just like that, he has taken in a hundred thousand surrendered soldiers.” Zhang Han replied, “In this world, only General Zhao would dare decide so decisively.” “And old Tu, this time our authority isn't just over fifty thousand troops anymore. Those hundred thousand surrendered soldiers have all been placed under us. As long as they swear loyalty to the General unto death, this is only the beginning.” Tu Sui nodded. “Exactly. As long as we follow the General, we will definitely be able to rise to even higher positions.” Up ahead, Zhao Ji lowered his eyes and thought to himself, These hundred thousand surrendered Han troops can now be used as my own. The strength under my control has already reached two hundred thousand. On future battlefields, the experience value the army can gain will be immeasurable. The Innate Realm is within reach. Back at his residence, when he saw a white horse standing before the gate, Zhao Ji froze. “That's a warhorse from the Meng family army. Why is it here?” He turned and asked the gate guard, “While I was away, did General Meng send someone?” Just as he was speaking, Pang Zhuang came running in. “Zhao Ji, you little brat, you've sinned badly!” Zhao Ji was at once embarrassed. “Why are you here?” He felt guilty inside. Could it be that they already knew about his pardon of the surrendered soldiers and had come to call him to account? Pang Zhuang put a hand on his tightly clenched fist and said, “Zhao Ji, this time I've come on behalf of the two generals of the Meng family army to teach you a lesson. Do you know your crime yet?” Zhao Ji smiled and replied, “Brother Pang, explain it first. What exactly have I done?” Pang Zhuang immediately slung an arm around his neck. “Brat, when you registered for military service, you declared yourself unmarried. But not only did you take Li Si's daughter, you even got her pregnant. If I hadn't gone to Li Family Village, how much longer were you planning to keep this hidden?” Zhao Ji was stunned and quickly explained, “It is true that I have a childhood sweetheart who is my betrothed, but we were not formally engaged yet. Besides, she isn't Li Si's daughter.” Pang Zhuang frowned. “You really know nothing at all? You're not pretending to be stupid with me, are you?” “Then you'd better steady yourself. Don't get too excited. This is a personal letter from General Meng. Read it yourself.” As he spoke, he handed over a bamboo slip. Zhao Ji replied boldly, “So mysterious. I wasn't even afraid when I beheaded the King of Han. What could possibly make me lose my composure?” He took the bamboo slip. But the moment his eyes swept over its contents, it fell to the ground. Zhao Ji stared as though he could not believe his eyes. “I... I have children? Yuan'er gave birth to dragon-phoenix twins for me?” Pang Zhuang burst out laughing. “Hahaha! You lucky brat.” Zhao Ji was instantly overjoyed. The dream had become reality. In these troubled times, Yuan'er had borne his flesh and blood. Yuan'er, your useless brother promised to bring you happiness and safety, yet I wasn't by your side when you needed me most. He immediately rushed off in a hurry, shouting as he ran, “Li Qing, prepare a horse! I have to return to Li Family Village!” Pang Zhuang chased after him, calling out, “Huh? Why the rush?” “A round trip between Li Family Village and Xinzheng takes a whole month. No matter what, you should at least hand over the affairs in the city first.” Zhao Ji suddenly stopped. Pang Zhuang was bewildered. “What is it?” Zhao Ji turned back and replied, “Good thing you reminded me. I really was muddle-headed. Han territory has only just stabilized, and the surrounding states are watching like hungry tigers. If I, the commanding general, leave now, chaos will definitely break out.” He thought to himself that in that dream, there was not only happiness, but also swords and spears. If something happened in Han territory, he would certainly be punished. Not only would all his past efforts go to waste, but in his current immature state, he might even lose his life. And if that happened, how could he possibly speak of giving Yuan'er a safe and secure life? Pang Zhuang looked admiring. “You really do think things through. I almost made a huge mistake.” He put a hand on Zhao Ji's shoulder and comforted him. “But don't worry too much. As soon as General Meng learned that your wife had given birth, he immediately arranged everything properly. He even submitted a memorial to His Majesty. Given your current status, the King will soon bestow rewards as well. So don't worry about your wife.” Zhao Ji replied, “General Meng handled this very thoroughly.” He thought to himself, General Meng's actions not only protected Yuan'er, they also helped me take another step forward and gain the trust of Ying Zheng. He then knelt before Pang Zhuang. “Brother Pang, I will never forget the debt I owe you all. Please thank the two Generals Meng on my behalf for taking care of her.” Pang Zhuang quickly reached out and pulled him up. “Get up. Saying such things between brothers is going too far.” Zhao Ji stood up and said, “It's just that I truly never imagined Yuan'er was Li Si's daughter. Then when Yuan'er gave birth this time, did Li Si not know?” Pang Zhuang turned his head away, hesitating a little. “About that... I didn't want to tell you, for fear you'd worry. But sooner or later you'll find out anyway. More than six months ago, Li Si drove your wife out of the family home. If the people of Li Family Village hadn't helped your wife, then let alone giving birth safely—even surviving would have been difficult.” Zhao Ji's face changed at once. “What? Yuan'er is his own flesh and blood. How could he be so cruel?” Pang Zhuang replied, “I heard that back then, Li Si wanted to marry into Young Master Fusu's family. He wanted to marry his daughter to him and become in-laws, and even the King had already approved it. But who would have thought you'd get there first? Because of that, Li Yuan'er would rather die than submit to the marriage.” “In the end, Li Si was provoked into anger and humiliation, so he drove her out of the household and left her to fend for herself.” Zhao Ji silently engraved the hatred in his heart. Li Si, I had thought that for Yuan'er's sake, I would let you off. I never expected... Seeing the hatred all over Zhao Ji's face, Pang Zhuang was afraid he might do something rash and hurriedly warned him, “Hey, Zhao, you have to stay calm. When it comes to this kind of matter, you absolutely must not act impulsively. Li Si is currently favored by the King. If you set yourself against him, your road to advancement will definitely be obstructed.” Zhao Ji smiled and said, “Thank you. I know my limits.” But that last sentence—This grudge, I will remember—he said only in his heart. Zhao Ji returned to his room and said, “I can't go back myself, so I'll have to trouble you to deliver a letter to my home for me, and help set Yuan'er's mind at ease.” Pang Zhuang answered, “That'll do.” He then took up a brush and wrote on a bamboo slip: “Yuan'er, my wife, you have suffered because of me. I never once expected you to become pregnant unexpectedly, and that our children would enter this world safely. I, Zhao Ji, am neither talented nor virtuous, yet I have been blessed with such great fortune. Rest assured—for your sake, and even more for the sake of our children, I will do everything in my power to fight for the future that belongs to us. I will also return to you as soon as possible. Wait for me.” After finishing, he handed the letter to Pang Zhuang. “Old Pang, you've been troubled this time. I should really have kept you here for a few days.” Pang Zhuang mounted his horse and turned back from the great gate. “Hahaha, I understand, I understand. But kid, consider this a debt you owe me.” With that, he spurred his horse and rode away. Then a voice came from behind Zhao Ji. “The man just now looked like he was wearing General Meng's armor.” Zhao Ji turned around and saw two men approaching. “Lord Feng, Young Master Han.” “That was indeed General Pang Zhuang of the Meng family army just now. He came to bring me news that my fiancée had given birth safely. Since it was a private matter, I did not report it to Lord Feng.” Feng Quji smiled and said, “So that was it. Congratulations, General Zhao, on gaining noble offspring. By rights, General Meng should now be hurrying back to Xianyang to report on the situation. I thought perhaps, before he left, General Zhao had some instructions to pass on, and so had sent someone ahead.” Zhao Ji replied, “Pang Zhuang never mentioned anything about the Meng family army going to Xianyang. If Lord Feng had not said so, I would not have known.” He thought to himself, There is hidden meaning in his words. As expected of a loyal minister of Ying Zheng. Zhao Ji then asked, “May I ask where Lord Feng and Young Master Han are headed?” Feng Quji answered, “When I came here, I had to send a regular memorial to His Majesty, so before going to Young Master Han's camp, I came to inspect the surrendered soldiers.” Zhao Ji immediately felt a trace of suspicion. I only just pardoned the surrendered troops, and Feng Quji immediately proposes sending up a memorial. After all, this does violate Qin law. Could it be that Feng Quji does not understand the pros and cons and wants to accuse me? Han Fei seemed to understand what he meant and shook his head behind Feng Quji. Zhao Ji let out a sigh, apparently everything was fine. I still have Han Fei, my trump card, in hand. Li Si, one day I will drag you down from power and make you pay for your mistakes. A month later, a horse carriage drove in outside Zhangtai Palace. Resentful curses came from inside the carriage, “Hmph, how dare he overturn the laws of our Qin dynasty. Granting a mass pardon to the surrendered Han soldiers—Zhao Ji, oh Zhao Ji. No matter how great your achievements are, this time you’re dead for sure.” As he spoke, Li Si tightened his grip on the scroll in his hand. He turned toward the carriage door and asked his attendant, “Has Feng Quji’s memorial definitely been delivered to Zhangtai Palace?” “This is merely borrowing a knife to kill.” The attendant immediately replied, “Yes, my lord. But His Majesty has already bestowed a marriage upon Zhao Ji and Miss Yuan’er. Miss Yuan’er has even given birth to a pair of twins. Do you truly intend to move against Zhao Ji?” Li Si said calmly, “So what? Not to mention that unfilial girl Li Yuan caused me to lose my chance to become in-laws with Young Master Fusu. Zhao Ji has opposed me time and again. The two of us have long been like fire and water. How could I possibly spare him? Wu Da went to Han territory and then vanished, and afterward Han Fei even became an official of Great Qin—more than half of these matters were orchestrated by him alone.” Gnashing his teeth, he said, “If I am merciful and tolerant, will I still have any place left in Great Qin in the future or not? But if I want to completely bring Zhao Ji down, I must first make Meng Wu keep silent. This time he has returned to Xianyang to report on the situation. If I accuse Zhao Ji, he will naturally obstruct me.” As they proceeded deeper into the palace, another group blocked Li Si’s way. From within the crowd came a loud shout, “Hey! Old man Huan Yi, still refusing to admit defeat?” Huan Yi immediately retorted, “Who admitted defeat? Who are you calling a coward?” Huan Yi and Meng Wu were using all their strength to arm-wrestle. Li Si stepped forward and asked, “My lords, what is this?” “Reporting to Lord Li Si, General Meng Wu and General Huan Yi are always like this. The moment they meet, it’s as if swords are drawn and bows are bent. Today His Majesty has summoned them, and since it isn’t appropriate for them to spar, they decided to arm-wrestle instead.” Li Si said, “So that’s how it is.” On the table, one hand had already been forced down by the other. Meng Wu stood up, cracked his knuckles, and laughed mockingly. “Hahaha, Old Huan, you lost. Life in Lantian has been too comfortable, hasn’t it? Even your strength has weakened.” Huan Yi angrily shouted at Meng Wu, “Stop flapping your gums. If you’ve got the guts, compete in something else.” Meng Wu laughed and replied, “His Majesty has summoned us. I don’t want to be scolded by him for looking disheveled either. Besides, a loss is a loss. Even if I compete with you again, wouldn’t it just end the same way? Ah, that feels great. I’ll be going first.” As he spoke, Meng Wu turned and left, leaving behind a furious Huan Yi shouting after him, “You damned old bastard, just you wait!” Li Si then stepped forward with a smile and said, “General Huan, don’t be angry. General Meng Wu is rather pleased with himself at the moment, so just let him go.” Huan Yi turned to him and frowned. “What do you mean?” Li Si replied, “You two are both among the finest military generals of Great Qin, and both serve the court with complete devotion. His Majesty has always regarded you as equals. But I’m afraid the situation may soon change. The one receiving the most attention right now is Zhao Ji. He comes from Yongcheng and is also highly regarded by General Meng Wu. If Zhao Ji continues to rise after this audience, then General Meng Wu’s influence at court could be said to become unrivaled. At that point, General Huan Yi, your position... hahaha...” As he spoke, he turned to Huan Yi with a meaningful smile. He thought to himself, In the end, he’s just a simple-minded military man. Just obediently help me deal with Meng Wu. No one Li Si wants dead has ever survived, and Zhao Ji will be no exception. Inside the main hall, all the ministers bowed in salute. “Your servants pay respects to the King.” Seated upon the throne above, the King of Qin waved his hand to excuse the ceremony. At that moment Li Si felt very pleased with himself. Meng Wu, even if you protect him, Zhao Ji is doomed this time. The King of Qin above spoke, “A few days ago, Feng Quji submitted a memorial regarding Han territory. What are your views?” Li Si stepped into the center of the hall, cupped his hands, and said, “Your Majesty, Zhao Ji, commander stationed in Han territory, is unworthy of royal favor. He violated the laws of Great Qin and arbitrarily granted a mass pardon to surrendered soldiers, acting with reckless audacity. I earnestly ask Your Majesty to investigate.” From behind him, Meng Wu refuted, “Everything Li Si says is sophistry. Although Zhao Ji’s methods differ from precedent, our laws of Qin also stipulate that slaves who render meritorious service to the state may be pardoned. Then what crime has Zhao Ji committed?” Li Si turned and said with a smile, “General Zhao Ji mixed the surrendered soldiers into the roster of our Qin troops and even gave them stipends, increasing financial expenditures. That is his grave offense.” Meng Wu frowned. “May I ask the Commandant of Justice, in the months since Zhao Ji took up his post, have you heard that Han territory has been poorly managed or run into financial difficulties? If not, then that proves Zhao Ji’s decision was not flawed. Lord Li Si does not understand military governance, so you should refrain from talking too much lest you embarrass yourself.” Li Si flew into a rage and pointed at Meng Wu. “Em-embarrass myself! You—how can you, as a great minister, be so rude in court?” Meng Wu crossed his arms and said calmly, “I am a military man. If anything I say is improper, I trust His Majesty will be lenient.” He then turned upward and cupped his hands to the King of Qin. “Your Majesty, Zhao Ji’s success in making the surrendered soldiers submit is a great achievement. I ask Your Majesty to reward Zhao Ji.” Li Si immediately cut in, “Your Majesty, do not listen to General Meng Wu. Zhao Ji comes from Yongcheng, so of course he is biased in his favor. General Huan Yi is also a great general. Why not ask what he thinks as well?” The King of Qin nodded. “Reasonable. General Huan Yi, you come from Lantian. In your opinion, should Zhao Ji be punished or rewarded?” Huan Yi cupped his hands and replied, “Your Majesty, Zhao Ji’s actions were indeed bold.” Li Si snorted inwardly. Huan Yi and Meng Wu are like fire and water—completely incompatible. He will naturally stand on my side. At Huan Yi’s side, however, he continued, “But this method not only fundamentally solves the limitations in dealing with rebellious surrendered troops, it also expands Great Qin’s military strength. Therefore, I believe this method should be promoted throughout the Qin army of Great Qin.” Li Si looked up, his face changing color. “Wh-what?” After hearing Huan Yi’s opinion, General Meng Wu was extremely gratified. He patted Huan Yi on the chest and praised him, “Haha, Old Huan, I’ll count it that you do have some discernment.” Huan Yi still looked somewhat sulky as he replied, “Hmph. I’m doing this for Great Qin, not speaking for you.” Having said that, Meng Wu shot Li Si an angry look. He rejoiced inwardly: Hahaha, Li Si, oh Li Si, you’re narrow-minded and selfish. Did you really think Huan Yi and I were enemies? You truly underestimate our loyalty to Great Qin. Besides, both Huan Yi and I cherish talent. How could we possibly join hands with you to frame a capable general like Zhao Ji? The King of Great Qin was also rather pleased. He replied to the ministers below, “I already understand what my ministers mean, and I have made my decision.” Holding the memorial in his hand, he read it solemnly and gave his view. The King continued, “In Feng Quji’s memorial, Zhao Ji says, ‘The seven states are all of the same Yan and Huang lineage; therefore, the ambition to unify them is truly a most fair-minded sentiment,’ and these words have won my heart as well.” Upon hearing this, the ministers below immediately broke into discussion. “General Zhao Ji not only devises plans for warfare, I never expected him to understand the realm so deeply as well. What a talented man.” Another minister also strongly agreed, saying, “Very well said. The realm is vast and the states stand firm, yet we are all of the same Yan and Huang lineage.” Someone else voiced his agreement as well. “For such an outstanding man to serve as a general of Great Qin is truly a blessing for Qin.” A moment later, the King rose with imperial bearing and declared, “Zhao Ji said he was willing to bear punishment alone when introducing a new method—this is great righteousness. With a single statement he subdued one hundred thousand surrendered troops in Han territory—this is wisdom. Such character, bearing, and insight truly do not disappoint me.” All the ministers below spoke in unison, “Your Majesty is wise!” Then the King looked toward Li Si and said to him, “Furthermore, Feng Quji reports that Han Fei was recommended by Zhao Ji and has now surrendered to Great Qin. With his help, Han territory is gradually coming under Qin’s control. This is yet another merit.” Then the King’s expression turned stern as he rebuked Li Si. “Commandant of Justice Li Si, though you hold high office, you cannot distinguish talent. Your vision is too biased, and that disappoints me.” Li Si hurriedly bowed and admitted his fault. “Your Majesty, please forgive me. I only wished to safeguard the laws of Great Qin. Heaven and earth may witness my loyalty.” Seeing Li Si in this state, General Meng Wu could not help feeling satisfied. He said to Li Si, “Lord Li Si, in the future you should simply do your own job well. Overstepping your authority and trying to meddle in military and political affairs is truly laughable.” The King continued issuing orders. “I have entrusted the military affairs of Han territory to Zhao Ji. I trust him. All matters in the army are under Zhao Ji’s authority to decide. If something like this happens again in the future, there is no need to make such a fuss.” The King looked rather troubled as he continued, “At present, Wang Jian is guarding the border against two states. Zhao and Wei may not dare to act rashly, but their troops have still not withdrawn. I suspect they will secretly make a move against Han territory. Great Qin will very soon be at war again. Fortunately, Han territory has Zhao Ji, which puts my mind somewhat at ease.” Then the King again ordered the ministers, “Ministers, Han has already been destroyed by our Great Qin. Next will be Zhao and Wei. Just as Zhao Ji said—unify the world. Whoever dares obstruct my unification of the descendants of Yan and Huang shall be killed without mercy.” Everyone below shouted in unison, “Your Majesty is wise! We are willing to follow Your Majesty unto death and help Great Qin unify the world!” Seeing everyone united in support, the King felt the matter was settled and prepared to leave. “If there is nothing further today, then all of you may withdraw.” Just when it seemed everything had been dealt with, Li Si suddenly called out, “Your Majesty, this minister still has one more matter. My daughter Li Yuan’er received the sacred favor of being betrothed to Zhao Ji, yet the two have still not held their marriage ceremony. Now my daughter is living in Li Family Village. I earnestly beg Your Majesty to allow me to bring her and her children back to Xianyang so that I may conveniently care for them.” As he made this request, Li Si was already harboring another vicious thought. If he could not kill Zhao Ji, then at the very least he had to seize Zhao Ji’s weakness in his own hands. Li Si continued pleading, “I ask Your Majesty to fulfill this father’s longing for his daughter.” Sensing the problem in Li Si’s request, General Meng Wu grew worried. Well played, Li Si. Since you failed to frame Zhao Ji, now you’ve turned your attention to your own daughter. At once, General Meng Wu immediately addressed the King. “Your Majesty, that must absolutely not be allowed. If Li Si is permitted to bring Li Yuan’er back, it will be hard to guarantee the safety of her and her children.” At this, Li Si hurriedly explained himself while reproaching Meng Wu. “General Meng, you are truly unreasonable. I am her father. I want to bring my daughter and grandchildren home. What could possibly be wrong with that?” General Huan Yi also chimed in, “Come on, Old Meng, this is their family matter. Don’t meddle.” But General Meng Wu still earnestly implored the King, “Your Majesty, please hear me out.” He did his utmost to explain to the King, “At first, Li Yuan’er and Zhao Ji loved each other, but Li Si kept clinging to Young Master Fusu and forcibly separated them. Later, when Li Yuan’er would rather die than marry someone else, Li Si drove her out of the house and left her to fend for herself. Long ago he already severed the relationship between father and daughter. Your Majesty, if Li Yuan’er had not been taken in and cared for by the kind villagers of Li Family Village, I fear she would have perished unjustly by now. How can she possibly be delivered into a tiger’s jaws once again?” After hearing this, the King cried out in alarm, “What?” General Meng Wu continued presenting evidence. “Moreover, Zhao Ji is currently guarding Han territory. The states of Zhao and Wei are eyeing it like hungry tigers. If he learns that Li Yuan’er is being coerced by Li Si, how can Zhao Ji possibly devote himself wholeheartedly to resisting the enemy?” Seeing Meng Wu expose Li Si’s crimes like this, even General Huan Yi could no longer hold back. He also berated Li Si to his face. “Li Si, you actually dared do such a thing? You are unworthy of being a man, much less a father.” The weak-voiced Li Si tried to explain, “H-hey, don’t just spout nonsense.” But General Meng Wu cut him off at once. “Your Majesty, every word I have spoken is true. The villagers of Li Family Village can testify to all of it.” Li Si angrily retorted, “You’re sticking your nose into my family affairs. General Meng, you’re meddling too broadly.” General Meng firmly protected Zhao Ji and replied, “As long as this general is here, no one is allowed to harm Zhao Ji or his family—including you.” Hearing both sides arguing, the King above was getting a headache from the noise. In a mild voice, the King ordered, “Enough. Stop making such a clamor.” Then the King gave his ruling on the matter. “I do not wish to interfere too much, but what I dislike most is breaking apart lovers. Li Si, you once forcibly separated Zhao Ji and Li Yuan’er, and afterward abandoned your own daughter. That was truly disgraceful.” Li Si stammered in fear, “Y-your servant knows his crime.” Then Li Si immediately knelt in the hall and begged forgiveness. The King issued his order to Li Si. “You will personally go to find Li Yuan’er and see whether she is willing to return to your residence with you. This matter depends entirely on her wishes. You are not to force her. And even if Li Yuan’er does return, she and her children must be placed under General Meng Wu’s protection.” Having said that, the weary King departed. “I am tired. If there is nothing else, all of you may withdraw.” Thus the ministers left, and only General Meng Wu remained behind. Seeing this, the King found it strange and asked, “Minister Meng, is there something else?” Only then did Meng Wu slowly report, “Yes, Your Majesty, I still have a private matter.” General Meng Wu began speaking to the King. “Your Majesty, did you once have a jade pendant that you were especially fond of? Do you still have it now?” The King asked in confusion, “A jade pendant? What jade pendant?” Seeing this, Meng Wu laughed it off. “Ahaha. Perhaps this minister remembered wrongly. Please pretend I said nothing. I take my leave.” The King still stood there, baffled. “This Meng Wu—at his age, and still so rash and careless.” But then the King fell into thought again. A jade pendant? Why did Meng Wu suddenly ask about that? Back then I took my most beloved jade pendant and gave it to Dong’er. Could it be that Meng Wu has seen Dong’er? But Meng Wu knows her—perhaps it was only a coincidence. Then the King slowly walked away, looking up at the blue sky as he remembered the woman he had loved in years past. “My Dong’er, back then only because of the twists of fate in our family circumstances were you and I forced apart. But now I have become a king above tens of thousands. Where are you now? Dong’er, your Brother Zheng has grown up. I can protect you now. I only pray that you will stop hiding from me and return to my side.” The King remembered Zhao Ji’s mother’s face, and his longing deepened all the more. “Once I unify the world, if you desire wealth and honor in the palace, I will make you Empress and make our child the Crown Prince. If you do not want that, then I will roam the ends of the earth with you. I only ask that you come back to me.” Scene change—to Li Si’s residence at this time. Li Si was furious beyond measure, cursing General Meng Wu. “That bastard Meng Wu, and that bastard Huan Yi too—they actually joined forces to harm me, making a fool of me in court.” His subordinate hurried to calm him. “My lord, please quell your anger.” Li Si flung out his hand, knocking over all the cups and memorials on the table. The whole scene became a complete mess. Ignoring his subordinate’s attempts to dissuade him, he roared angrily, “How can I possibly calm down? In the end, it’s all because of that Zhao Ji. Once I seize his weakness, I will definitely make sure he dies without a whole corpse.” At this point, the subordinate came up with an idea and lowered his voice to Lord Li Si. “My lord, if you want to seize Zhao Ji’s weakness, there just happens to be an opportunity right now.” “Speak quickly.” Li Si ordered impatiently. The subordinate began happily laying out his plan. “This subordinate has received intelligence that the states of Zhao and Wei are preparing to attack Han territory. Their primary targets are Zhao Ji and Han Fei. Why don’t we take advantage of this opportunity?” Before he could finish, Li Si cut him off. “Shut your mouth. This is indeed a good opportunity. But reclaiming Han territory won’t be easy. We must not act recklessly, and we absolutely must not throw Great Qin into chaos.” Then Li Si pondered carefully. He said, “I have a foolproof plan.” The scene shifted again. A mounted escort was leaving Li Si’s residence. General Meng Wu taunted Li Si, “Li Si, I advise you not to make things difficult for yourself. Even if you follow me back to Yongcheng, Yuan’er will not go with you.” Seated in his sedan chair, Li Si lifted the curtain and shot back, “I am Li Yuan’er’s father. Would that girl dare defy me? I only hope that when she agrees to come with me, General Meng will not interfere and obstruct our father-daughter reunion.” Hearing this, General Meng Wu felt secondhand embarrassment for him. He thought to himself, You’re a useless father, yet you still have the nerve to speak of a father-daughter reunion? Just watch how I vent some anger on Yuan’er’s behalf. Haha. Then he said to Li Si, “This old man is truly moved by Lord Li Si’s fatherly devotion and intends to help you fulfill your wish as soon as possible.” As soon as he finished speaking, General Meng Wu fiercely lashed his whip against his warhorse’s flank. The general shouted an order to all the troops, “Soldiers, hear my command! Increase the marching speed—march more than thirty li a day, and strive to reach Yongcheng as soon as possible!” And so, in an instant, the two horses pulling Li Si’s sedan chair also surged forward at full speed. Just as expected, Li Si was thrown face-first inside, hurting from the fall and furious, yet unable to do anything about it. “Ow! Meng Wu, you old brute, you’re doing this on purpose!” His subordinate hurriedly steadied his master. “My lord, please be careful.” After his subordinate helped him sit up properly, Li Si began cursing General Meng Wu. “You bastard. If it weren’t for Qin’s great cause of unification, I would never have spared you. Do you really think I made this trip because of that wretched woman?” Then Li Si gave his orders to the subordinate. “Pass the word down and investigate carefully for me. The moment Zhao and Wei make a move, it will only add fuel to the fire. Zhao Ji and Han Fei may die for all I care, but remember this well—Feng Quji’s life must be preserved. As long as he is there, the Han lands will not fall into chaos.” The subordinate promptly replied, “Please rest assured, my lord. I will definitely make the arrangements properly.” Night had already fallen over the residence in Xinzheng. Zhao Ji and Feng Quji were reading a report when Feng Quji exclaimed, “In such a short time, the Han army has already been reorganized. The Han people have shown no signs of unrest and are content with production. General Zhao has made enormous contributions to this, and Prince Han Fei’s assistance must not be overlooked either. Once His Majesty learns of the situation in the Han lands, he will certainly be very pleased.” Sitting beside him, Han Fei answered modestly, “You praise me too much, my lord. With my meager abilities, how would I dare compare myself to General Zhao?” Then Han Fei respectfully saluted Feng Quji. “It is already late. If there is nothing else, I will take my leave. I would not dare delay your rest, my lord.” “Go on, then,” Feng Quji replied. Just then, a sound came from outside the door. Han Fei picked up a secret letter. Its message was simple: “Come alone tonight.” So Han Fei made his way through the night, carefully avoiding the soldiers on guard. Then Zhang Han and Tu Sui happened to run into Han Fei. All three had secretly been summoned by Zhao Ji. The next moment, Li Qing hurriedly opened the door and reported to them, “Ahem, ahem. The General has been waiting for you for quite some time. Please go in at once.” The group quickly entered and bowed before Zhao Ji. “This subordinate has come in obedience to your command, General.” Zhao Ji answered calmly, “Mm. Rise.” Han Fei, however, bent deeply in greeting. “This subordinate greets you, Master.” The word “Master” left Zhang Han, Li Qing, and Tu Sui staring in shock. “Master? What do you mean by that?” Seeing their surprise, Zhao Ji leisurely asked in return, “Han Fei, when you call me ‘Master,’ do you truly mean it?” At once, a thought crossed his mind. To be loyal to one man as one’s master—Han Fei was making it clear to everyone that his loyalty was not to the King of Qin, nor to Great Qin, but to Zhao Ji alone. Since I hold the loyalty system in my hands, I naturally know they would be loyal unto death. But this form of address was still unexpected. Seeing everyone stunned by his choice of words, Han Fei spoke up. “Over these past months, I have personally witnessed Master’s extraordinary talent and wisdom. Han Fei is convinced in both heart and speech; my loyalty comes from the depths of my heart.” Hearing Han Fei explain himself so reasonably, Li Qing, Tu Sui, and Zhang Han all bowed as well to express their loyalty. “We, your subordinates, pay our respects to Master.” Zhao Ji was very pleased by this. He replied, “Very well, rise, all of you. But this form of address may only be used in private. Outside, you will address me as you normally would.” At that, Han Fei remembered why they had been summoned and asked, “May I ask what instructions Master has for calling me here so late at night?” Zhao Ji got straight to the point. “Do you still remember the power of the martial path that I promised you? Now is the time for me to fulfill that promise.” Han Fei asked in astonishment, “The power of the martial path? Master, I am already advanced in years.” Zhang Han asked curiously as well, “What exactly is the power of the martial path?” Seeing their confusion, Zhao Ji rose and walked toward them. “When the martial path reaches profound and wondrous heights, its power becomes comparable to that of immortals. It may even grant longevity.” Tu Sui and Zhang Han were thoroughly baffled. “Comparable to immortals? Longevity? This is the first time we have ever heard such words from Master.” Without further explanation, Zhao Ji drew his sword at once. Smiling, he said to them, “Words are useless. Feel it for yourselves.” They watched as Zhao Ji ran two fingers along the blade. In an instant, the sword was snapped clean in two by Zhao Ji’s two fingers. The sight made everyone there widen their eyes and gape in disbelief. Tu Sui cried out, “Th-this... Heavens!” Just a light touch of two fingers on the blade had broken it in half. “This is absolutely not the strength of an ordinary man.” Li Qing bared his teeth in shock and asked, “Is this the martial path?” Zhang Han could not conceal his amazement either. “Could it be that Master is an immortal reincarnated?” Han Fei had already witnessed that power once before, when he had been imprisoned. Quite calm, he said to the other three, “I personally saw Master use sword qi to break the prison wall. Master’s reason for summoning us now is likely because of this secret. I fear the power he has displayed is not even one ten-thousandth of what he truly possesses.” Li Qing blurted out, “W-what?” Zhang Han stood there dumbfounded and asked, “What kind of divine power is this, Master? Are you going to pass down this profound art to us?” Zhao Ji, already prepared to transmit the art, answered cheerfully, “This is the reward your loyalty deserves. As far as I am concerned, everything I have shown you so far is only superficial. True immortality is the final Great Dao.” After saying that, Zhao Ji ordered the system, “System, prepare to transmit the basic internal art.” Streams of power immediately began swirling around Zhao Ji’s four loyal subordinates. The system promptly reported, “Instruction received from host. Preparations complete. Beginning transfer of basic internal art. Targets: Han Fei, Tu Sui, Zhang Han, and Li Qing.” While the four were reveling in the power of the martial path, Zhao Ji bestowed even more upon them. “I grant you the entry-level martial path, the first-layer mental method, and open the circulation of internal energy within you, allowing it to move through heaven and earth.” Li Qing and the other three were thrilled. Unable to contain himself, Li Qing cried out, “So this is the martial path? I can feel a power I have never known before. It is slowly flowing through my body.” Zhang Han was equally overjoyed. “This is incredible, haha. This must be an immortal’s cultivation art. Master truly is an immortal descended to the mortal world.” After a while, the four sat seriously and began cultivating, while Zhao Ji watched and encouraged them. “All the levels of cultivation I have given you today belong to the Houtian realm. Now relax your minds. I will open your meridians for you, let your energy circulate through heaven and earth, and help you enter the initial stage of Houtian. Then you will be able to freely mobilize your internal energy and unleash terrifying power.” Han Fei focused with all his might on cultivation. Zhao Ji continued, “This is only the threshold of the foundational martial path. After today, you must still train diligently. And you must remember this well.” Noticing that Han Fei seemed on the verge of a breakthrough, General Zhao Ji continued in a stern voice, “The power I give you now can also be taken back. Remain loyal to me in the future, and I will certainly grant you even stronger cultivation methods.” Once the four had completed the initial stage of cultivation, Zhao Ji seriously instructed them again. “From this moment on, you are all practitioners of my martial path. But without my permission, the matter of the martial path must not be revealed to anyone. And under no circumstances may these cultivation methods be leaked to the outside.” The four answered in unison, “This subordinate understands. Many thanks, Master, for your reward.” Holding a bamboo slip in his hand, Zhao Ji said, “There is one more matter. Today, I received a handwritten letter from General Meng Wu. Young Master Han Fei, have a look as well. The reforms I am making regarding the treatment of surrendered soldiers in the army have already caused quite a disturbance in Xianyang.” Han Fei anxiously opened the scroll. Unable to believe his eyes, he exclaimed, “How could this be? That petty villain Li Si!” “I truly misjudged him before. I never imagined he would go so far as to disregard the greater cause and plot against Master, even intending to exploit Master’s wife and children.” Han Fei clenched the bamboo slip tightly in anger and said, “Master, your equal treatment of the Han soldiers here in Han territory is a good thing. For the unification of all under heaven, it is enough to make the people submit willingly. Yet Li Si seeks to use this very matter to suppress you. He cannot see the benefits and harms involved at all. His actions are entirely driven by selfish desire.” Zhao Ji said thoughtfully, “This time, it was thanks to Generals Meng Wu and Huan Yi protecting me, along with Feng Quji’s memorial reaching His Majesty in time. Otherwise, the King may truly have convicted me. Most importantly, Yuan’er was protected. I owe General Meng yet another great debt.” Zhao Ji could not help but feel sorrow when thinking of Meng Wu’s future. General Meng was wholeheartedly devoted to Qin, and the Meng family was loyal to the utmost. Yet after the Second Emperor inherited the throne, he would be executed along with his entire clan. It was truly heartbreaking. Zhao Ji’s eyes filled with resolve as he thought, But now that I, Zhao Ji, am here, I swear I will protect the entire Meng family. At that moment, a voice pulled Zhao Ji back to the present. “Master...” Han Fei bowed low, his face full of guilt, and said, “Master, Han Fei is at fault. Li Si has now gone mad in targeting you. Much of it is because you protected me. It is I who have dragged you into this.” Zhao Ji quickly helped Han Fei up and said gently, “You are overthinking it, sir. A mere Li Si is not worth my notice. Besides, His Majesty is wise and enlightened. No matter how much Li Si wants to stir up trouble at court, he does not have that kind of ability.” Hearing this, Han Fei’s eyes filled with determination. “One day, when I enter the court, I will certainly make Li Si pay for what he has done today.” A murderous glint appeared in Zhao Ji’s eyes as he replied, “Li Si has repeatedly tried to harm Yuan’er. Sooner or later, I will take his life. For now, Li Si is the sort who always takes revenge in court. If he cannot frame me openly, he will definitely resort to underhanded tricks.” Zhao Ji then turned to Li Qing and ordered, “Li Qing, immediately strengthen the guards around Feng Quji and Han Fei. If he intends to strike, his targets will certainly be me, Han Fei, and Feng Quji.” Li Qing bowed his head upon receiving the order. “Understood.” Still, Li Qing remained worried. “But Master, what about the guards by your side?” Zhao Ji smiled and said, “The person who can kill me has not yet been born. Just protect those two. In fact, I’m rather looking forward to it. If his abilities are a little greater, it will serve perfectly to test my new deployment. Come, let’s go take a look.” Li Qing led the way. He respectfully nodded and said, “Understood.” Night had completely blanketed the dense forest, and on a certain mountain, a troop of soldiers emerged from a cave. One man extended his hand and introduced them to Zhao Ji. “General, these are the two hundred elite soldiers you ordered me to select. They await your command.” The soldiers promptly knelt in salute and shouted in unison, “Greetings, General!” Zhao Ji clasped his hands behind his back and said sternly, “Mm, very good. Do you know why you have been assembled here?” The soldiers replied, “This subordinate does not know. But if the General gives an order, we swear to follow it unto death.” Zhao Ji smiled faintly and said, “There is no need to display your loyalty just yet. First, answer one question for me.” Zhao Ji’s voice turned ice-cold as he said, “Are you willing to be loyal to me? Not to Qin, and not to the King of Qin—only to obey my orders alone?” Hearing these words, all of them were shaken, their faces turning pale. Without saying another word, they heard Zhao Ji continue, “Are you willing to erase your very existence, hide within the army and even within Great Qin itself, lurk in the shadows, and become my sharpest blade?” After hearing this, all the soldiers fell silent. Then they drew their swords and slashed their palms. Fresh blood flowed out, and they smeared the blood across their foreheads as they swore, “We swear this with our blood. We are loyal to Master. For Master, we will spill our blood and give our lives.” Seeing their spirit and unity, Zhao Ji could not help but feel excited. He immediately ordered, “System, inspect the people before me. Filter out anyone whose loyalty value is below sixty.” The system displayed its reply: “No individual here has a loyalty value below sixty. Host may rest assured.” After confirming their loyalty, Zhao Ji nodded and said, “Very good. What I said just now was only a warning. Since you are loyal to me, I naturally will not treat you poorly. From this day on, your salary and allowances will be raised fivefold based on your original rank and office. Those who render merit will receive double on top of that.” Everyone excitedly cupped their hands and said, “Many thanks, Master!” Zhao Ji closed his eyes and said, “In addition, remember your new name.” He opened his eyes and thrust a hand forward. A pale blue flame bloomed in his palm. Zhao Ji shouted, “Shadow!” The instant he spoke, the blue flames completely engulfed the troop before him, and they underwent a total transformation. Their eyes glowed red, and they all knelt with clasped hands, shouting in one voice, “Shadow is always ready to await Master’s command!” Zhao Ji took a scroll from his sleeve and handed it to Li Qing. “Li Qing, this is the training method for the Shadow Guards. You must follow it and strictly supervise their training.” Li Qing respectfully accepted the scroll. “Understood.” After entrusting the matter to Li Qing, Zhao Ji smiled and said to the others behind him, “Let’s go. With Li Qing managing things here for now, I can return to camp at ease.” On the other side, Li Qing held the scroll and ordered the shadow guard unit, “Shadow Guards, hear my command!” Han Fei then asked, “Master, do you still plan to find new people later to bring into Shadow as well?” Zhao Ji answered, “Of course. Li Qing is loyal, but his connection to me is too close. If the existence of the Shadow Guards is discovered by others, then I will certainly be exposed as well.” Hearing this explanation only deepened Han Fei’s admiration. Zhao Ji then smiled and asked, “Are you still worried about the King of Qin?” Leaning back with his hands behind him, Zhao Ji said leisurely, “In these troubled times, what people respect and fear is rightful authority. He has treated me well, but I will not stop growing stronger. Unless necessary, I do not wish to become his enemy either. In fact, I still want to present him with a great gift. Zhao is about to send out troops. As his subject, I should help shoulder some of His Majesty’s burdens.” Han Fei cried out in shock, “Master, did you say Zhao is about to deploy troops?” Zhao Ji replied, “In less than half a year.” Han Fei’s eyes widened in disbelief as he said, “How is that possible? Zhao has not yet recovered from its war against Yan. It should take at least a year to recover.” Zhao Ji smiled brightly and explained, “You are right, but you have forgotten Great Qin’s greatest God of War, haven’t you? With him around, Zhao will definitely send troops.” Han Fei asked doubtfully, “And who is Great Qin’s greatest God of War?” Zhao Ji replied, “This man’s surname is Guo, given name Kai.” Han Fei said in astonishment, “Guo Kai? You mean Zhao’s Chancellor Guo Kai? Master, you must be joking.” Zhao Ji gave a thumbs-up and said, “Exactly. Looking across the six states, who else could single-handedly eliminate Qin’s two greatest threats, Lian Po and Li Mu? Only Guo Kai. He fully deserves the title of Great Qin’s greatest God of War. You will understand what I mean later.” Leaving Han Fei standing frozen in shock behind him, Zhao Ji ordered Tu Sui and Zhang Han, “Tu Sui, Zhang Han, return to camp with me. After that, let’s have a good game of chess together.” Tu Sui said, “General, do you really mean Zhao will definitely send troops?” Zhang Han said worriedly, “So in the end, another battle really is about to begin.” Elsewhere, a soldier saw a young woman running toward the battle lines and stepped forward to ask, “Miss, you’re going the wrong way. This place is—” But before he could finish speaking, the woman suddenly pulled a knife from somewhere and lunged forward, her face full of killing intent. Just as the knife came close, the soldier swung his sword. With one slash, he knocked the dagger flying and sent the woman tumbling to the ground. She let out a miserable scream. The soldier immediately shouted to the troops behind him, “Protect the General! There are assassins disguised as civilians. Be extremely careful!” Standing behind them and watching the scene, Zhao Ji thought, Using arrows to strike first, creating chaos, then hiding among the crowd. Mixing truth with falsehood while waiting for a chance to assassinate. The one who devised this plan truly understands assassination. If he can survive to the end, I would like to meet him once. At that moment, the person who had devised the plan was hiding in a corner, staring at Zhao Ji and thinking, Hmph, Zhao Ji, Zhao Ji. With only a few dozen guards, no matter how well they fight, they can’t withstand this sea of assassins. You’re as good as dead. On this side, Zhao Ji curled his lips into a smile and said, “Not bad. Time to draw in the net.” The man hiding by the wall instantly tensed up when he heard that. He did not know whether Zhao Ji was talking about him. Then he heard footsteps and weapons and thought in confusion, The sound of weapons... was there an ambush? At that very moment, a large group of soldiers leveled their weapons at the assassins. The assassins screamed in fear, “We’ve fallen into an ambush!” They hurriedly dropped to their knees and begged, “Spare us, General Zhao! Spare us! We surrender, we surrender!” Zhao Ji showed no mercy in the face of their pleas and ordered, “Leave none alive!” Upon hearing the order, the soldiers moved at once, beating the assassins to death no matter how miserably they screamed and begged, “Ah—spare us, spare us!” While the soldiers dealt with the assassins, Zhao Ji stood alone, with no one by his side. The man hiding behind the wall had his eyes light up. This was the chance—right now! He sprang up and slashed his sword at Zhao Ji. "Zhao Ji, hand over your life!" Zhao Ji had long since noticed his presence. He had done all this precisely to lure them out. Zhao Ji glanced behind him and coolly assessed, "Too slow." Then, as the blade thrust forward, the assassin's face turned panicked. "What? How is this possible?" They saw Zhao Ji catch the sword between two fingers. The man tried to pull it back, but his arm would not move, and the blade would not budge. What kind of monstrous strength was this? No—he himself was the monster! Zhao Ji swung a fist at him, smiling as he said, "My turn." With that single punch, the man was smashed flat onto the ground. Weak as a chicken, utterly unable to resist. After Zhao Ji had finished dealing with the assassins, a subordinate stepped forward to report, "General, all the bandits have been hanged." Zhao Ji nodded with a quiet sound of acknowledgment. The assassin could not get up at all. Lying on the ground, he laughed and said, "As expected of the Little God of Slaughter. You really aren't easy to deal with. But do you think you've already won? To be honest, in case something like this happened, we split our forces into two groups long ago." "Do you want to know what happened at the cabinet while you were dealing with me?" Zhao Ji put on a surprised look and said, "You mean the matter of ordering a group of men to assassinate Feng Quji?" The assassin cried out in shock, stammering, "You... you knew?" At this moment, at the Feng residence— the assassins Zhao Ji had spoken of had already been defeated and were lying on the ground. Zhao Ji said calmly, "Of course I knew. And I can also tell you that not a single one of the assassins survived." Zhao Ji looked at Li Qing behind him and gave the order. "Li Qing, stay on guard. Clean this place up and escort this man into the hall for me!" Li Qing respectfully obeyed, saying, "Understood." After a time break, the subordinate led the assassin inside and reported, "General, I have brought the man." Sitting in the seat of honor, Zhao Ji nodded and replied, "Good. I have something to say to him. Withdraw first." The subordinate nodded in response. "Understood." Seeing everyone leave so that only he and the assassin remained, Zhao Ji asked, "Speak. Are you from Zhao, from Wei, or from some other power?" The assassin asked curiously, "How do you know? Our operation was arranged with the utmost secrecy. Since when did you know of our existence?" Zhao Ji replied indifferently, "I knew from the very beginning." Hearing this, the assassin was horrified and said in disbelief, "Impossible. I began making arrangements a month ago, and during that time, you clearly made no moves at all." Resting his chin on one hand, Zhao Ji analyzed the flaws in their plan. "Of course you couldn't see my moves, because I had already prepared everything a month ago—to draw all of you out and wipe you out in one stroke." The assassin had never imagined that his meticulous plan could fail so completely. In a bewildered voice, he said, "I thought we had a spy in our ranks. I never expected that from the very start we had fallen onto your chessboard." Zhao Ji smiled and said, "That wasn't hard to guess. Great Qin has occupied Han territory—how could the other states possibly sit still? But they don't have the courage to make a direct move, so eliminating me and Feng Quji to disrupt Han territory while waiting for the right opportunity to act is naturally the best strategy. Am I right?" The assassin lowered his head in dejection, unable to believe it. Then he laughed like a madman and said, "That's right. No wonder, despite your youth, the King of Qin values you so highly. The genius Zhao Ji truly lives up to his reputation. If I lost to you, then I did not lose unfairly." Zhao Ji stood up, smiling brightly. "Wrong. You still have value, because right now I very much want to know your name." The assassin did not understand why Zhao Ji was asking for his name, so he answered warily, "Du Ruo." Zhao Ji's eyes lit up, and excitement rose in his heart. Du Ruo—it really was him. Du Ruo was skilled in all manner of covert work: assassination, investigation, poisoning, sowing discord—everything. He was also the man who directly controlled the Black Ice Terrace, the intelligence organization of Great Qin, under the orders of Qin Shi Huang. Qin Shi Huang, my apologies, but this chess piece of yours belongs to me now. In Zhao Ji's mind appeared the image of men in black hooded robes. Although the prototype of the Shadow Guards had already taken shape, even with the Shadow Guards, strengthening their martial arts would still require a true expert to train them. Li Qing was not exactly the best candidate to command the Shadow Guards. I had planned to search slowly for talent, but who would have thought it would come right to my door? If I can win this man over and make him loyal, then hand the Shadow Guards to him, he can train for me the strongest group of assassins. Thinking of this, Zhao Ji laughed proudly, leaving the assassin Du Ruo staring at him in confusion, probing him with his eyes. Du Ruo thought uneasily, Why is he laughing in such a savage way that sends chills down one's spine? Could it be he doesn't believe me and wants to torture a confession out of me? Zhao Ji walked over and extended his hand, calling Du Ruo in a friendly manner. Du Ruo immediately turned his head away and answered, "An assassin obeys orders and does not ask why. I know nothing at all about the mastermind behind this assassination. If you don't believe me, then whether you want to kill me or cut me down, do as you please." Seeing Du Ruo's resolute attitude, Zhao Ji thought to himself, As expected of an assassin—so cautious and vigilant. Then he said to Du Ruo, "Why do people only ever think about dying? What I want to ask is whether you are willing to submit to me." Hearing this, Du Ruo asked in surprise, "You... you're not going to kill me?" Zhao Ji bent down and looked at Du Ruo with sincere eyes. "Not only will I not kill you, but if you submit and become one of my men, I will give you a bright future—and the title of the greatest assassin under heaven." Du Ruo fell silent for a moment after hearing Zhao Ji's words, then burst out laughing. Looking at Zhao Ji, he said, "If you had promised me wealth and riches, I might have believed you a little. But a bright future, and the greatest assassin? A killer is destined to live his entire life in the shadows. What bright future could there be? And as for the title of the number one assassin under heaven—what gives you the right to offer that to me?" Zhao Ji sat down and untied Du Ruo as he said, "I value talent like yours. I sincerely want you to serve under me. So now I must find a way to make you believe me." Du Ruo looked at Zhao Ji with some suspicion and asked, "You can really do that?" After untying Du Ruo, Zhao Ji stood up and pointed toward the door. "The way out is over there. I'll give you a chance to knock me down. If, with your own skills, you can force me back, you'll be free to walk out into the world beyond. As for me, I will use my own strength to show you exactly what I rely on to guarantee every word I've said." Du Ruo's face turned confident as he looked at Zhao Ji and said, "You said it yourself. Then I won't hold back. Now the sky is high and the birds can fly free—" But before he could finish speaking in triumph, Zhao Ji kicked him and sent him rolling across the floor. Soon the room was filled with the sounds of pounding blows. The two soldiers outside were startled. "Master... is he personally testing that assassin?" The man beside him replied, "How would I dare to speculate about Master's actions? But that guy really is terribly unlucky." The two men fell silent and listened to the sounds coming from inside the room, quietly pitying the poor fellow. After the time it takes to burn an incense stick, Zhao Ji opened the door and rubbed his hands together. "What a stubborn mule." The moment they saw Zhao Ji step out, the two soldiers immediately called out, "Master!" Zhao Ji handed one of them a white bottle of medicine and said, "This is a wound medicine. Treat him well while arrangements are being made. From this day on, he is one of my men." Li Qing immediately accepted the order. Zhao Ji then said to Tu Sui, "At once, seal the city gates. Without my command, they are not to be opened. Cut off all contact with the outer city." General Tu Sui replied, "Master, rest assured. I guarantee that not a fly will be able to get in, and not a rat will be able to slip out." Turning around, Zhao Ji walked back into the room and said, "Go. This assassination attempt is only the beginning. I still have something important—I need to find Feng Quji and discuss it with him." Carrying the bottle of medicine Zhao Ji had given him, Li Qing opened the door and stepped into the room. He was surprised to see the assassin collapsed on the ground. Looking at Li Qing as he entered, Du Ruo laughed and said, "Master truly is the strongest man in all the Seven States. Du Ruo is thoroughly convinced." At this moment, Zhao Ji opened the system interface and ordered it to check Du Ruo's loyalty. The system screen displayed: the host has now detected Du Ruo's loyalty level at 65%. Seeing this, Zhao Ji said, "It's not the level of absolute loyalty yet, but at least he won't easily turn around and betray me. The future is still long." At Feng Quji's residence, assassins' corpses were strewn all over the ground. The moment he saw Zhao Ji appear, Feng Quji hurried out in alarm. "General Zhao, many thanks this time. If not for you, Han Fei and I would both have been in mortal danger." His face full of relief, Feng Quji continued, "The assassins have already been executed, yet you still came here personally. Do you have some other arrangement in mind?" Zhao Ji replied, "I do indeed still have an important confidential matter related to the safety of Han territory that I wish to discuss with Lord Feng." Feng Quji immediately answered, "General, please speak freely." Zhao Ji leaned closer to Feng Quji and lowered his voice mysteriously. "In truth, regarding this assassination attempt, I want Your Lordship to cooperate with me and turn the enemy's scheme against them." After hearing this, Feng Quji was somewhat startled. "This... isn't this too risky? One careless mistake would amount to a grave offense." But Zhao Ji still confidently insisted, "It is all for Great Qin. If anything goes wrong, I, Zhao, will bear the full responsibility." Hearing this, Feng Quji smiled and replied, "Your devotion to Great Qin is as clear as the sun and moon, General Zhao. I will cooperate with you." Looking at the assassin corpses scattered across the courtyard, Zhao Ji said, "I only hope that the King can soon fulfill the great undertaking of unifying the six states. It's just a pity that a few people always have to get in the way." Feng Quji asked in puzzlement, "General, what do you mean by that?" Zhao Ji answered, "Your Lordship should understand that this assassination attempt did not involve only Zhao and Wei. There was also another group—from Xianyang." Feng Quji was even more astonished. "From Xianyang? Who?" Zhao Ji's voice turned cold. "Li Si." That name coming from Zhao Ji's mouth left Lord Feng utterly stunned. "Li Si? How could that be? Though my relationship with Li Si is not particularly close, he is still an official of Great Qin. How could he join with enemy states to plot our assassination?" Zhao Ji explained at once, "His targets were likely me and Young Master Han Fei. Fortunately, Lord Feng was here as well. This is not the first time he has acted—you may verify it with Han Fei yourself." Li Si and Han Fei both come from the Legalist school, and Li Si has always regarded Han Fei as a thorn in his side, fearing that one day Young Master Han Fei would surpass him. "But a man who values power so highly has not moved against Lord Feng until now—who can say what the future may hold? Lord Feng, you must be extremely cautious when dealing with him." Lord Feng's expression turned thoughtful. "I will remember your warning, General. I will immediately make preparations for what you have just said." Inwardly, Lord Feng was full of questions. Wang Wan is already advanced in years; once he steps down from the post of Chancellor, he will retire. A fierce confrontation between Li Si and me will truly be difficult to avoid. And Zhao Ji is certainly not someone who speaks idly. Li Si, you actually dared, for the sake of your own selfish desire, to make use of enemy states and risk this assassination plot. You despicable villain. The position of envoy will never fall to you. In Xianyang City, at Zhangtai Palace, a loud cry rang out: "Urgent report from Xinzheng!" The King of Qin, Qin Shi Huang, was intently examining a memorial. Seeing that the King had been reading the urgent report for some time, Li Si spoke up. "An urgent report from Lord Feng, and Your Majesty's expression is so grave—could something have happened in Han territory?" Qin Shi Huang held the scroll in his hand and said to the assembled officials, "Assassins infiltrated Han territory, causing Zhao Ji and Han Fei to suffer severe injuries. Their lives and deaths are now uncertain. Lord Feng requests instructions on how to proceed. What are your views?" The ministers and officials below immediately erupted into discussion. "What? Something happened to General Zhao?" "Won't Han territory fall into chaos?" Wang Wan, Qin's envoy, stepped forward and said, "Zhao Ji is currently the great general holding Han territory. Now is the best time to make use of the matter of those assassins. This minister believes Your Majesty should quickly dispatch General Meng Wu with reinforcements to support Han territory." Lord Li Si also voiced his agreement. "What the old Chancellor says is indeed very reasonable. This minister agrees." Inwardly, Li Si sneered: It succeeded. Han Fei, Zhao Ji—this is the end for the two of you for daring to oppose me, Li Si. Qin Shi Huang gave the order: "I issue a secret command to Meng Wu. Prepare to mobilize troops to reinforce Han territory. In addition, dispatch the physician Xia Wuju at once to Han territory. He must do everything possible to preserve the lives of Zhao Ji and Han Fei." The King turned around and waved his hand. "Very well. You are all dismissed. Not a single word of what has happened in Han territory is to leak outside." The officials immediately kowtowed. "We understand, Your Majesty." The King of Qin opened the memorial and looked at it again. On it was written: Wipe them out in one stroke, lure the enemy states into action. This minister is certain this operation will succeed. I ask Your Majesty to cooperate. This minister Zhao Ji and Han Fei are not injured. Reading these lines from Zhao Ji, the King of Qin silently praised him. This Zhao Ji truly has enormous courage, daring to use his own body as bait and even turning Han territory into such a stage. This time, I shall perform a grand play with you. I only hope you will not disappoint me. When all is said and done, you have rendered so many merits to Great Qin, and yet I have still never seen your face. After Zhao is destroyed, no matter what, I must summon you to Xianyang for an audience. I also wish to see your wife and child. Wave after wave of urgent reinforcements marched out of the city in imposing formation. Holding her child, Yuan'er looked after the troops and said worriedly, "Another war again... Brother Ji, you must be careful." At Xinzheng, a spy crouched behind a bush and watched the carriage that had just reached the city gate while loudly calling out, "Open the gates at once! Physician Xia Wuju is in the carriage, sent by order of the King to treat General Zhao Ji!" The spy observed for a while, then wrote a letter and sent it off by carrier pigeon. In Xianyang City of Zhao, the King of Zhao received the secret message sent from Xinzheng and laughed with satisfaction. "Good. Even Xia Wuju, the royal physician, has been sent by the King of Qin. That means Zhao Ji must certainly be gravely wounded and near death. Chancellor, your plan truly is brilliant." The Chancellor beside him replied, "It is all thanks to Your Majesty's wise decision." The King of Zhao wore a smug, confident expression as he said, "Prepare the troops. Before long, Han territory will fall into my hands." At this time, a physician's voice rang loudly within Xinzheng City: "Where is General Zhao? Where is General Zhao?" Li Qing hurried behind Physician Xia Wuju and said, "Physician Xia, please slow down. Don't rush. Let me explain—" Hearing Li Qing try to stop him, Xia Wuju grew somewhat irritated and turned around to say, "You little officer truly don't understand what matters. General Zhao is gravely injured—how can there be any delay? The King ordered me to protect Zhao Ji's life. If something happens to the General, can you bear that responsibility?" Physician Xia pushed open the door and stepped inside. To his astonishment, General Zhao Ji was perfectly healthy, discussing matters with his generals. Xia Wuju's eyes went round and his mouth fell open in shock. Li Qing bowed. "General, please forgive me. Physician Xia insisted on charging in, and I was unable to stop him." Zhao Ji smiled and said, "So it is Lord Xia, personally sent by the King. My apologies—we were discussing military affairs. Please wait over there for a moment." As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Ji turned back to the military discussion and told everyone to continue. Physician Xia still had not recovered and asked, "What exactly is going on here?" Li Qing answered, "This is a strategy meant to deceive the enemy states. Let me explain it to you slowly." Zhao Ji continued discussing the war and turned to the two officials beside him. "Wang Jian has 300,000 troops stationed on the border. Even if Zhao's forces and those in Han territory combine, they will not exceed 200,000, yet he still wants to mend what has been broken." As he said this, Zhao Ji slammed his hand onto the table. "Their first target will certainly be Nanyang." Looking at the map section of Nanyang, Lord Feng said, "Nanyang's terrain is flat, making it highly favorable for Zhao's cavalry and allowing them to concentrate their strength to the fullest. That is extremely disadvantageous for us." Zhao Ji said, "I've looked into it before. Zhao's horsemanship and archery are indeed formidable, but not to the point that I would be so wary." Lord Feng replied at once, "It seems the General already has a countermeasure in mind?" Zhao Ji's expression turned grave, his eyes sharp as he thought, But what I want is a way to wipe out that entire enemy army in one go. "The region where the three cities of Nanyang meet has a relatively sparse population. It is perhaps most suitable for fire attack." "This time, I will use the enemy army's own numbers to help me break through to level eight—or perhaps even level nine. Destroying Zhao will be the first step." Lord Feng spoke up, "With the General here, Great Qin's frontier can be held firm. It's only that I do not know when they will raise their troops." Zhao Ji said to the generals, "Physician Xia's entry into the city should already have alarmed them. By now, they still think I am gravely wounded and on the verge of death." Zhao Ji's face was brimming with confidence. "I estimate that within one month, troops will be mobilized to Nanyang." After leaving Zhao Ji's room, the physician was full of thoughts. I had long heard that this Zhao Ji was a rare genius—young, yet godlike in the use of troops. Seeing him once is indeed better than hearing of him a hundred times. No wonder the King was willing to cooperate with him in staging such a grand performance. And that face of his... I didn't pay attention when I first entered, but now the more I look, the more familiar it seems. It would not be an exaggeration to say that he was the very image of that person. Xia Wuju's expression suddenly shifted when the thought crossed his mind. He murmured, "Zhao Ji, huh..." At that moment, the image of a beautiful, innocent young girl appeared in Xia Wuju's mind. She called out, "Father. If I have a son with the King, I plan to name him Ji. Do you think that would be all right?" Deep in his subconscious, Xia Wuju recognized the voice of his daughter, A- Fang. That young woman drifted farther and farther away from him. "Father, I have to go now. Because of my elder brother, I have no choice but to leave. Please forgive your daughter for going without saying goodbye in person." Xia Wuju cried out loudly, "A-Fang! My child! My daughter, don't leave me like this!" Zhao Ji stepped forward and patted the delirious Xia Wuju on the shoulder. "Lord Xia, Lord Xia, are you awake now?" Zhao Ji continued, "Lord Xia, you've traveled nonstop day and night over such a long distance. You must be utterly exhausted. Let me arrange a place for you to rest." The more Xia Wuju looked at Zhao Ji, the more he felt he resembled his late daughter. By now, Xia Wuju could no longer keep calm. He grabbed Zhao Ji by both shoulders, tears streaming down his face as he cried, "A-Fang, A-Fang, my precious. My daughter, I've finally found you again." Seeing Xia Wuju so emotional, Zhao Ji let out a surprised sound. Xia Wuju tightly embraced Zhao Ji, still sobbing without pause. "My precious. You've made your father search for you for eighteen years. At last, I've finally seen you again." Zhao Ji did not resist, only staring blankly with wide eyes. He asked worriedly, "Lord Xia, did you have a nightmare?" Lord Feng stepped forward and added, "Old Xia, look carefully. This is Zhao Ji, General Zhao Ji." Zhao Ji looked somewhat awkwardly at Xia Wuju's hands still resting on his shoulders and said, "Lord Xia, could you let go of me?" Lord Xia immediately released his arms and said awkwardly, "I'm truly sorry. I was indeed dreaming, so I got a little confused. But this General Zhao really does resemble my child very much." Understanding the situation, Zhao Ji replied, "It's all right." Xia Wuju lowered his head and fell into deep thought. Was it only a coincidence? If timing were set aside, then this Zhao Ji was not merely... Zhao Ji said, "Li Qing, in a few days I will lead the army to Nanyang. At that time, I will make proper arrangements for Lord Xia." Hearing that, Lord Xia asked in surprise, "Lead the army?" Zhao Ji replied, "That's right. Lord Xia has likely already heard that the news of my injury this time was only one part of the plan. So during the time I am away, you can stay in Xinzheng without worry." Xia Wuju immediately sprang to his feet, his tone resolute. "No. I came here under His Majesty's orders to attend to General Zhao's life and health. How can I remain here alone in comfort in Xinzheng while you go to the battlefield against the enemy?" Seeing Lord Xia react so strongly, Zhao Ji asked somewhat helplessly, "Then what does Lord Xia intend?" Xia Wuju replied at once, "I have no right to interfere in your military affairs, but wherever you go, I must follow." Zhao Ji thought gloomily to himself, My medicinal powder for wounds and my spiritual pills are all precious things gathered from the mountains. Just a little is enough to save a life. Why do I need your physician tagging along? When the time comes, I'll have to fight battles and take care of you too. What a nuisance. So he refused, "That really wouldn't be appropriate." At this moment, Lord Feng leaned close to Zhao Ji's ear and reminded him, "General, Xia Wuju is the King of Qin's personal physician. He is not someone easy to offend." Hearing this, Zhao Ji immediately changed his attitude. With a smile, he said, "Then I will have to trouble Lord Xia to accompany me on campaign. Before that, please have a good rest first, Lord Xia." Xia Wuju lowered his head and replied, "If that is the case, then this old minister shall withdraw first and await the General's arrangements." As Xia Wuju wiped away his tears, he thought to himself, As long as I stay by Zhao Ji's side, I will have a chance to ask clearly. If he truly is A-Fang's son, then he is my grandson. Tu Sui said, "Lord Feng, is that physician always so sentimental?" "No," Lord Feng replied at once. "This is also the first time I've seen him like this. It is rather strange." One month later, within Nanyang's borders, it was already night, and the sound of discussion rose from the military camp. "This time, General Zhao Wei has led troops to Nanyang, and with General Wei Tai assisting him, it is truly like adding wings to a tiger." "I wouldn't dare claim such a thing. With General Pang leading the army against Qin, we will certainly take the Han city." Wei Tai, with eighty thousand troops of Great Wei at his command, raised his wine cup as he answered. General Pang laughed inwardly. This Wei Tai still had some manners, knowing enough to take the initiative in handing over command of the troops. But then again, Wei was already in decline. Among the Four Lords, aside from Lord Xinling, Wei Wuji, who remained the King of Wei's trusted confidant, all the others were useless trash, so of course he had no choice but to come. Wei Tai then asked curiously, "It's just that this campaign against Han feels rather strange to me. That Zhao Ji is so formidable, yet now he just happens to have suffered a severe injury." General Pang replied, "Young Master Wei Tai's caution shows that you are indeed worthy of succeeding Lord Xinling." Pang thought to himself, If the restoration plan succeeds, that would truly be a good thing. Then he said, "My men have verified it many times already. Xia Wuju rushed to Xinzheng under orders. At the same time, the Qin army is also urgently gathering at Nanyang. All signs show that their troops are unsettled, so Zhao Ji must certainly have encountered some problem." Wei Tai replied, "Then I can rest easy. This time our army has prepared enough provisions for a protracted war. But from the look of things now, it seems one month will be enough for us to storm the city." Then everyone in that camp raised their cups and shouted, "Taking advantage of the Qin general's impending death, and coordinating inside and out with the Han forces, Zhao and Wei shall surely win!" General Pang Nuan of Zhao frowned and thought to himself, As long as we seize Han territory, Qin will once again be encircled. The Hexi region will have no path eastward out of the Central Plains. No matter how brilliant Ying Zheng's plan to unify the world may be, in the end, this land will belong to our great Zhao. Night fell over Nanyang City. Zhao Ji stood atop the city walls with the two generals, Tu Sui and Zhang Han, observing the surroundings. General Tu Sui bowed and reported, "Master, according to the scouts ahead, the Zhao-Wei allied army will attack tomorrow. Fifty thousand Nanyang infantry are ready to respond at any time." After hearing this, Zhao Ji said, "Very good. In this battle, I will remain in the city to observe and will not show myself. I will entrust full command to you. You need only do one thing: before receiving my order, under no circumstances may Nanyang City be breached." Tu Sui cupped his hands and assured him, "Master, rest at ease. If Nanyang City is breached before your order is given, Tu Sui will bring you my head." Zhao Ji turned to the other general and asked, "Zhang Han, have you finished preparing everything I asked for?" Zhang Han replied happily, "Master, rest assured. Everything is already in place. We are only waiting for the enemy to take the bait." Zhao Ji placed his hands on the battlements, his gaze brimming with confidence as he said, "Very good. Then everything is ready. Everything is under control. Zhao and Wei's grand army—use your blood to pave the road of martial ascension for me." Suddenly, sounds of an argument rose from behind them. "Lord Xia, the General has given orders—no unauthorized person is allowed near." Xia Wuju remained stubborn. "I must look after General Zhao's health. This cannot be delayed. Don't stop me." Hearing this, Zhao Ji fled in panic and instructed them, "Xia Wuju is here. You deal with him for me." Seeing Zhao Ji acting so furtively, the two generals could not help but think the same thing: anyone capable of making their master so flustered was truly the first of his kind. When Xia Wuju arrived and did not see Zhao Ji anywhere, he asked, "Huh? Where is General Zhao?" General Tu Sui replied, "The General had business to attend to, so he left first. Lord Xia, you arrived one step too late." Xia Wuju asked suspiciously, "Where did he go? I'll go find him now." The two generals had no choice but to distract the imperial physician by other means. General Zhang Han said, "Lord Xia, the General said that his health is no longer a concern, so there is no need to trouble you to continue treating him with acupuncture." On the other side, General Tu Sui pretended to sigh. "Aiya, on the contrary, lately I have been feeling terribly short of breath. Since Lord Xia is here, could I trouble you to examine me?" Hiding behind a pillar, Zhao Ji wore a deeply bewildered expression as he recalled the past several days. No matter what he was doing, Xia Wuju would always cling to him. At meals, he would sit beside him and remind him, "General, eating more vegetables is very good for your health." Even during military discussions, he would appear and say, "General, it's already time for you to sleep." Even while he was practicing martial arts, Xia Wuju would come forward, tug at his arm, and hand him a towel. "General, after martial practice you must wipe away your sweat immediately. Be careful not to catch a chill." Just thinking about it made Zhao Ji flee as if his life depended on it. He truly had no idea what Xia Wuju was thinking, sticking to him so persistently. The next day, the battle had already begun. General Tu Sui and General Zhang Han stood atop the city walls looking down. At this moment, the Zhao-Wei army had arrived before Nanyang City. On the other side, Zhao Ji also stood silently observing the situation. General Pang of Zhao stood upon his war chariot, raised his sword high, and shouted, "Destroy the tyrannical Qin! Restore the Three Jin! All forces, attack!" The soldiers roared, "Destroy tyrannical Qin! Restore the Three Jin! All forces, attack!" The Zhao-Wei troops charged toward Nanyang City. One foot planted on the city wall, Zhao Ji crossed his arms before his chest and announced, "Three hundred zhang from the city." The soldiers continued to surge forward. Zhao Ji's voice echoed out evenly. "Two hundred and fifty zhang. Two hundred zhang. One hundred and fifty zhang. They've entered range. The real show begins now." General Tu Sui raised his sword high and ordered, "Fire arrows! Catapults, prepare!" As soon as the order ended, countless arrows shot forth, whistling toward the enemy. At the same time, huge stones were hurled down. Below, among the Zhao-Wei army, countless soldiers were struck by arrows and boulders and fell to the ground. Zhao Ji stood with folded arms and laughed aloud. "After improving Nanyang's weapons, the range of our arrows has increased. If they want to take the city by brute force, they are dreaming." At the same time, the system sounded its notifications: "Congratulations. The host's soldiers have killed 800 enemies. Congratulations. The host's soldiers have killed 1,200 enemies. Congratulations. The host's soldiers have killed 2,000 enemies. Conversion value: for every 10,000 enemies, you will receive 2,500 experience points." Hearing the notification, Zhao Ji could not help calculating that the experience gained from kills made by his subordinates was only a quarter of what he would gain by fighting personally, but with numbers this large, it was still quite promising. "Wei Tai, you must press harder," Pang Nuan said. "Send more men to attack." A messenger from the Zhao-Wei side came back to report. "Report! Report to the General! The Qin army's momentum is overwhelming. Their arrow range reaches one hundred and fifty zhang. Our forces have suffered heavy losses and have no way to advance." Upon hearing this, Pang Nuan could not hide his astonishment. "What?" He bit his lip and thought, Qin's arrows being refined and deadly was within my expectations, but Qin has lost its commanding general, so how can their army still be so valiant? Could it be that apart from Zhao Ji, Qin still has another capable general? Standing behind him, Wei Tai stroked his chin and asked suspiciously, "The Qin army is strange indeed. If the commanding general Zhao Ji had truly met with an accident, why has their morale not been affected at all?" Pang Nuan snorted disdainfully at this. "A swarm of dying locusts thrashing about—what is there to fear?" He turned and shouted his order: "Pass down my command. Archers are to cover the catapults and suppress the enemy with full force. Anyone who flees the battlefield will be executed on the spot. The entire army will continue the assault." Receiving the order, the Zhao-Wei troops pressed forward once more, full of vigor, riding their horses and shouting loudly, "By the Supreme General's order—those who flee in battle shall die!" They loaded their catapults and counterattacked. Countless huge stones flew toward Nanyang City. Some Qin soldiers on the walls were unable to dodge in time and were crushed by the stones. General Tu Sui immediately ordered, "Rotate in reinforcements from the rear at once. Do not let those soldiers swearing to die defending the city sacrifice themselves in vain." On the Zhao-Wei side, a soldier knelt and reported the situation. "Report! Our army has successfully closed in. We are now less than one hundred zhang from Nanyang City." Hearing this, Pang Nuan said with satisfaction, "Good. Pass down the order below—go all out and do not slacken. Without Zhao Ji, even if Han territory's one hundred thousand Qin troops are fierce, they will still exhaust themselves in the end. I will certainly win. Wang Jian will be next. Beyond defending Nanyang lies Hangu Pass. Once I join forces with Lian Po, Great Zhao will surely triumph." The two sides fought fiercely. At this moment, the Zhao-Wei troops had raised ladders against the walls of Nanyang City and shouted in unison, "Kill!" The Qin army's momentum was no weaker as they swore to defend Nanyang City to the death. Watching the battle, Zhao Ji could not help sighing in admiration. General Pang Nuan of Zhao truly deserved his reputation. Even after suffering such heavy losses, he still dared to press the attack. Unfortunately, defeat is defeat. The outcome for your side was decided from the start. You will die by this general's hand. Otherwise, I would have wasted all my effort in specially arranging this game. General Tu Sui turned back and shouted, "Bring out the oil, the rolling stones, and the heavy logs!" Imperial Physician Xia suddenly appeared behind Zhao Ji and stroked his beard as he remarked, "General Zhao truly uses troops like a god. Today, I can be said to have broadened my horizons." His sudden appearance startled Zhao Ji. "L-Lord Xia, how did you find this place?" Xia Wuju chuckled and replied, "Rest assured, I only came to watch. As for the way I've been disturbing General Zhao lately, making you hide here and there, I have indeed overstepped." Zhao Ji could only force an awkward laugh, feeling guilty inside. So he had known all along that I was hiding from him? Looking at the savage battle, Imperial Physician Xia sighed softly, "War truly is cruel." Back on the battlefield, General Tu Sui waved his arm and ordered the troops to kill. The Qin soldiers seemed to gain fresh strength and charged forward with blazing momentum. The two sides clashed head-on. "Qin soldiers! Qin soldiers are counterattacking!" The Zhao-Wei troops stubbornly continued climbing the ladders to scale the walls. The Qin troops fought back with equal determination. Rolling stones and spiked logs were hurled down, followed by burning oil. The Zhao-Wei soldiers had not even reached the top of the wall before they were sent crashing down. At the foot of Nanyang City, everything was swallowed by a sea of fire and burning men. Imperial Physician Xia could bear it no longer. Closing his eyes, he said, "As a physician, I truly cannot bear to watch such a cruel scene." Zhao Ji immediately reminded him, "Lord Xia, this is war. As long as war does not end, this kind of killing will continue. Every sacrifice is for the peace that will come after Great Qin unifies the realm." Seeing Zhao Ji's current bearing, Imperial Physician Xia could not help feeling astonished. Such decisiveness was exactly like His Majesty's. Zhao Ji, unaware of what he was thinking, continued to say, "Our Great Qin soldiers are so valiant that if this continues, in only ten days we will be able to grind away the Zhao-Wei army's fighting spirit. At that point, the fires of war will naturally be extinguished. Is that not a good thing?" Only then did Imperial Physician Xia hesitantly speak up. "General Zhao, the truth is, these past few days I have always been looking for a chance to approach you because there is something I want to ask." Zhao Ji answered at once, "Lord Xia, please ask. There's no need to hesitate." But as Imperial Physician Xia was about to speak, he remembered his daughter's words: "Father, you must not delay him. You must put the greater cause first." In the end, he decided not to ask. Turning around to leave, he said, "Never mind. Today's battle is tense, and General Zhao should focus on commanding the troops. When the day of victory comes, this old man will speak to the General in detail." Zhao Ji's face was full of confusion and curiosity. "How strange. What does he want to say exactly?" After a long night of fighting, it was now morning. The Zhao-Wei army had suffered grievous losses. Corpses of soldiers were everywhere, and those still alive were mentally exhausted. General Tu Sui came forward and reported to Zhao Ji, "General, Pang Nuan has ordered a withdrawal." Zhao Ji, already aware of the situation, clasped his hands behind his back and said, "Their retreat was somewhat quicker than I expected." "How did the battle go?" Tu Sui immediately recounted, "This time, not a single soldier from the Zhao-Wei allied army managed to climb into the city. By rough count, our army eliminated over twenty thousand enemy troops. Very few of our soldiers died defending the city because of the wound medicine. Most of the injured are not in serious condition." Hearing that, Zhao Ji said, "Very good. In the next few days, our army will continue to focus on defense, but remember one thing: the premise of defending the city is to constantly appear weak." General Tu Sui could not help asking in confusion, "Appear weak?" Zhao Ji replied, "That's right. We must suppress their morale while at the same time letting them see hope of breaking the city. After all, Pang Nuan is not so easy to deceive." On the second day, Zhao and Wei continued to besiege Nanyang City. Pang Nuan personally directed the assault and gave the order to attack. The Zhao-Wei troops surged forward once again. On the Qin side, arrows were fired in response. Tu Sui stepped forward to report the situation to Zhao Ji. "Master, Pang Nuan has withdrawn again. This time the Zhao-Wei army has suffered more than one hundred thousand casualties." Zhao Ji stood there calmly drinking tea and signaled the next step of the plan. "Good. Tomorrow, give them a little profit to taste." On the third day, Zhao and Wei continued their siege of Nanyang City. This time they used catapults to bombard the walls. Tu Sui led the troops and ordered, "Bring up the catapults. Be sure to cover the area below the walls and do not let the Zhao-Wei soldiers reach the city gate." After the battle, he once again came to report. "Master, following your instructions, our army loosened its defenses today and allowed them to attack the city gate, but they still failed to break through. Pang Nuan hurriedly withdrew again." Zhao Ji continued issuing orders. "Tomorrow, continue to appear weak. Reduce the defensive fire from bows and catapults." Time continued to pass, and by the seventh day, Wei and Zhao were once again besieging Nanyang. Wei Tai now asked anxiously, “General Pang, after six straight days of assault, our army has already lost more than fifty thousand men. Do you still want to keep attacking? The battle for Nanyang City has dragged on without victory, and our troops’ morale has fallen greatly. If we attack again, I fear it will only be wasted effort.” Pang Nuan seemed not to care about his words at all. He still resolutely gave the order, “Pass it down. Continue the attack.” Wei Tai could not believe it and shouted in challenge, “What? Did the General not hear what I just said?” Pang Nuan immediately turned and stared him in the face. “A general must not only command troops to kill the enemy and win merit, but also be skilled at observing the situation on the battlefield. General Wei, think carefully about how the Qin army at Nanyang has behaved these past few days. Have you not noticed anything?” Hearing that, Wei Tai closed his eyes, raised a hand to stroke his chin, and thought back over the Qin army’s actions these past few days. It seemed he had realized something. He suddenly opened his eyes wide and gave his opinion: “Though we still haven’t broken the city, the Qin army’s defenses have been weakening day by day. Especially yesterday—we almost broke through the gate.” Pang Nuan laughed when he heard that. “Exactly. Our army has suffered losses, but the Qin army is short on provisions. At a time like this, how can we talk of giving up?” As if victory were already in his grasp, Pang Nuan confidently signaled for the attack to begin. “Today, the Zhao-Wei army will break this city.” “Soldiers of Zhao and Wei, whoever is first to break into the city will be promoted four ranks and rewarded with a thousand gold pieces! Kill for this general!” The reward seemed to have a tremendous effect. The morale of the Zhao-Wei army instantly soared, and every man attacked with fervor. As Pang Nuan issued his killing orders, his heart was full of confidence. “So what if morale has fallen? As long as we smash Nanyang, our spirit will surge back in an instant. This battle—our Zhao State cannot lose.” Seeing General Pang Nuan continue his fierce assault on Nanyang, Tu Sui happily reported to Zhao Ji, “General, you’ve arrived? Pang Nuan is attacking the city again. Do we still need to keep showing weakness this time?” Zhao Ji excitedly gave the order, “Haha, the bait has been dangled long enough. It’s time for us to reel in the net.” After saying that, Zhao Ji turned and asked Zhang Han, “Zhang Han, has everything I assigned you been prepared?” Zhang Han answered cheerfully, “Reporting to General, everything is ready. Once they enter the city, they’ll all be burned to ashes.” After hearing Zhang Han’s report, Zhao Ji turned again and instructed Tu Sui, “Tu Sui, I need to hide now. Remember—lose beautifully.” Tu Sui answered in delight, “General, rest assured. This general will definitely lose in the most beautiful way possible.” As soon as he finished speaking, Tu Sui signaled for the whole army to charge. “Hahaha! Soldiers, you all heard what General Zhao said, didn’t you? We’re about to lose!” All the soldiers below burst into laughter in response, every face full of satisfaction and ease. One soldier, looking very relaxed, said to the comrade beside him, “Thanks to the Zhao-Wei army, it’s already been seven days. We could have won, but we had to hold back from winning. It’s been maddening. Now it’s finally about to end.” Another soldier laughed and replied, “Haha, I don’t care. Whatever General Zhao tells me to do, that’s what I do. After this battle, I won’t be a reserve soldier anymore—I’ll be a true soldier of Great Qin.” Then they slung their arms over each other’s shoulders. “Then you’ve got to treat us to wine!” “Haha, no problem. That’s nothing.” The atmosphere was lively and spirited; not a single soldier showed any fear or hesitation. Seeing this scene, Tu Sui also fell into thought for a moment. “Today, many of the former Han reserve troops will become regular soldiers of Great Qin.” “And what is most precious is that, seeing them speak to one another without any distance between them, it proves they submitted long ago.” With that, Tu Sui began gathering the soldiers. “Men, gather your strength and prepare for battle! If we’re acting, then we act to the end. In a moment, throw away your armor and run.” All the soldiers shouted in unison, “Yes!” Then, from atop the city wall, Tu Sui ordered his men, “Let’s make a big harvest. Fire the arrows!” Hundreds of flaming arrows shot forth at once, streaking straight toward the Zhao-Wei army. The Zhao-Wei soldiers struck by the fire arrows fell like straw. As the flames spread, Pang Nuan and his subordinates stood still and watched the brutal scene, yet they remained calm, believing the city could still be taken. Beneath the city wall, the Zhao-Wei soldiers hurriedly set up ladders and climbed the wall. Above them, Tu Sui continued shouting to his soldiers, “With the catapults covering us, charge, men!” Pang Nuan saw that they had already climbed up to the city gate, and he cried out in delight, “Success! We’ve succeeded!” One of Pang Nuan’s subordinates quickly reported the good news to him. “Reporting to General, our army has successfully climbed onto the walls of Nanyang!” After hearing that, Pang Nuan urgently ordered, “Quick, prepare the battering ram for me!” Following Pang Nuan’s order, his soldiers dragged out a huge, sharp-tipped battering ram for smashing the gate. They shouted, “Storm the city! Break down the gate!” The soldiers surged forward like a storm and launched a fierce assault on Nanyang’s gate. The pointed head of the ram slammed violently into the gate. Once, twice—the massive ram pounded hard against the center of the gate. Thick battle smoke rose everywhere. After a while, one of Tu Sui’s subordinates reported, “General Tu Sui, everything has been prepared.” At that very moment, the battering ram broke open the gates of Nanyang. Zhao-Wei soldiers poured into the city. “Nanyang has fallen! Kill them!” “Kill!” Tu Sui calmly gave one short order: “Withdraw.” The Zhao-Wei troops were still full of momentum. “Kill! Kill!” Pang Nuan ordered his men to leave ten thousand cavalry to guard the supplies. “The whole army, move out! Wipe out the remnants inside the city and destroy tyrannical Qin for me!” After a while, one of Pang Nuan’s subordinates reported the situation to him. “Reporting to Supreme General, all our troops have entered the city. The Great Qin army has fled in complete disorder. Nanyang City is now under our control.” But Supreme General Pang Nuan cared only about Zhao Ji. He asked whether the Qin commander had been captured alive. “What are the Qin army’s casualties?” The subordinate froze, then answered hesitantly, “Reporting to General, we have not found the Qin commander, and not a single Qin soldier casualty has been discovered. When our army stormed the city, the Qin troops had already all fled. Moreover, there is not even a trace of the common people inside. Nanyang is now an empty city.” After hearing this, Pang Nuan was shocked and alarmed. “What?” He immediately realized something was definitely wrong. He hurriedly ordered, “This is bad! We’ve fallen into their trap! The whole army, retreat at once—leave the city now!” The subordinate still did not understand and asked, “Supreme General, what do you mean?” Before Pang Nuan could explain, hundreds of blazing arrows suddenly flew toward where they were standing. Pang Nuan’s group staggered in shock, not knowing how to respond, and everyone shouted in panic to one another: “There’s an ambush! There’s lamp oil on the rooftops!” That was right—Great Qin soldiers were standing on the roofs of the houses, firing flaming arrows downward to exterminate the Zhao-Wei troops. The Zhao-Wei soldiers rushed to flee. “Heavens! The Qin army didn’t run at all! They’re setting the city on fire! Quick, retreat!” But some of them quickly discovered, “This is bad! The city gates have been shut! We can’t get out! There’s fire everywhere! Save me! I don’t want to die!” Nanyang City erupted in towering flames. The raging fire trapped the Zhao-Wei soldiers inside, and one after another, they were swallowed by the flames. Zhao Ji, Tu Sui, and Zhang Han sat calmly on horseback outside the city, watching the Zhao-Wei soldiers burn alive. A moment later, Zhao Ji moved his horse as if he intended to ride into the blaze. Zhang Han quickly asked in confusion, “General, where are you going?” Zhao Ji answered calmly, “I’m going to meet Supreme General Pang Nuan.” Tu Sui anxiously tried to stop him. “But General, at every city gate and every exit of Nanyang, I arranged thornwood and fire devices according to your orders.” After hearing that, Zhao Ji showed not the slightest fear and replied with a smile, “Didn’t I tell you to reduce the firepower at the rear gate of Nanyang? That was precisely to leave him a path to survive.” At that moment inside Nanyang, Pang Nuan’s soldiers were still screaming miserably, “Help! It’s too hot! It hurts! Qin army, spare us!” A few loyal soldiers still shouted, “Even in life or death, we must protect the Supreme General!” These men drew their swords and fought with all their strength to protect him. And Young Master Wei Tai broke out of the encirclement. “Charge out! Charge out!” Supreme General Pang Nuan could only sigh helplessly and blame himself. “I am ashamed before the soldiers of Great Zhao who died so tragically. I am a sinner of Zhao and of the Three Jin. I deserve death.” Under the desperate cover of his subordinates, Supreme General Pang Nuan was finally escorted safely to the rear gate of Nanyang. Young Master Wei Tai cried out joyfully, “We got out!” But before he could stay happy for even three seconds, his face instantly changed, pale with fear and covered in sweat. “Ah—it’s the Qin army!” Standing right before Young Master Wei Tai was Zhao Ji’s imposing force, already waiting for them. Seeing that Pang Nuan’s group had escaped exactly as he had planned, Zhao Ji said calmly, “Pang Nuan, this general has been waiting for you here for a long time.” Young Master Wei Tai shouted, “Y-you, who are you?” Supreme General Pang Nuan quickly cut him off. “Hahaha, how muddleheaded! With such schemes and methods, who else could it be but Zhao Ji, commander of the Great Qin army?” Hearing Pang Nuan say this, Wei Tai could not help but panic. “But wasn’t Zhao Ji already dead?” Pang Nuan remained fairly calm as he explained, “That was only a trick to deceive the enemy. We are all fish in the pot now.” Zhao Ji leapt down from his horse in high spirits and replied, “To have my name known by Zhao’s Supreme General is a great honor for this general!” Pang Nuan now angrily questioned Zhao Ji. “You set fire to Nanyang! More than a hundred thousand of our Zhao-Wei troops have been burned alive. Zhao Ji, your scheme is truly good—very good indeed. And your methods are vicious as well. No wonder you bear the title of Little God of Slaughter.” Zhao Ji only answered indifferently, “War has always been like this.” Then Zhao Ji pressed him forcefully: “I respect you as Zhao’s Supreme General, so I will ask only one question. Will you fight, or surrender?” Supreme General Pang Nuan merely drew his sword and assumed a posture to kill himself, answering loudly, “A single oversight from me ruined the whole army. You schemed for an entire month, and only when I entered the city did I see through even a little of it.” “I am truly useless. Even in death I have no regrets!” Pang Nuan raised his sword forward, offering it to Zhao Ji, and said, “I have heard that General Zhao treats prisoners well. I, Pang Nuan, am willing to exchange my death for the lives of the soldiers under my command.” But Zhao Ji replied, “You alone are not enough. Zhao and Wei offended the heavenly might of Great Qin, so naturally I must also take the life of the supreme commander of the Zhao-Wei forces.” Young Master Wei Tai was horrified and frightened. “What? N-no, I don’t want to die! I don’t want to die!” Seeing the other man’s cowardly reaction, Pang Nuan frowned and rebuked him, “General Wei, as military men, the two of us should long since have treated life and death lightly. Now that our army has been defeated, what is wrong with using our two deaths to buy the lives of the soldiers under our command?” But Wei Tai would not listen. Terrified, he lashed his horse hard with the whip and tried to flee. He retorted to Pang Nuan, “What do you mean, treat life and death lightly? I can’t die. I am a prince of Great Wei. If I die, Great Wei will have no heir!” Then he shouted orders to his soldiers, “Soldiers of Great Wei, obey me! Break out with this young master, now!” Then Wei Tai fled under the escort of his own troops. Supreme General Pang Nuan could only stand there and watch that coward run off. Seeing this, Zhang Han hurriedly ordered the archers to ready themselves. But Zhao Ji raised his hand in time, signaling them to stop. He said to Zhang Han, “Wait. Even if we shoot ten thousand arrows, there will still surely be fish that slip through the net.” Then he told Zhang Han how to catch the fish. “We only need to catch the one at the head.” Zhao Ji then raised his bow and prepared to strike at Wei Tai. The cowardly and irresponsible Young Master Wei Tai, his face purple with fear, spurred his horse and fled. The horse ran farther and farther, while Zhao Ji had already drawn his bow and taken careful aim, ready to shoot. In a flash, an iron arrow flew toward Wei Tai. With Zhao Ji’s divine archery, the result was easy to predict. The arrow pierced straight into Wei Tai’s body. He cried out in pain, lost his grip on the reins, and was nearly thrown from his horse. Seeing that his arrow had struck true, Zhao Ji used it as a warning. “Let this arrow be an example to the remnant troops of Zhao and Wei. Whoever still runs about in disorder will meet the same end as him.” Supreme General Pang Nuan was astonished. Seeing Zhao Ji’s skill with the bow, he could not help but sigh inwardly, “From over a hundred zhang away, General Zhao killed his target with a single arrow.” Zhao Ji then said to Pang Nuan, “Though he is of the royal clan, he has disgraced the dignity of royalty. In contrast, General Pang, you truly bear the bearing of a great general.” Pang Nuan still gripped the sword tightly in his hand and said in a low voice, “One arrow shook the entire remnant army. I, Pang Nuan, am convinced in both heart and speech.” Zhao Ji walked up before Pang Nuan, lifted the sword, and said to him, “This general agrees to your request for surrender and will spare the lives of the soldiers under your command. Before you die, is there anything you wish to say?” Only then did Supreme General Pang Nuan begin to feel regret for himself. He said, “I can only lament that Heaven is too unfair. Why was a talented general like you, General Zhao, born in tyrannical Qin rather than in my Great Zhao?” But Zhao Ji’s next words truly shook Pang Nuan. Zhao Ji said, “Even if I had been born in Zhao, I still would have surrendered. With my background, no matter how capable I was, in Zhao I would only have been an unknown common soldier. And the King of Zhao does not possess the grand talent and mighty vision needed to unite all under Heaven.” Supreme General Pang Nuan was truly thrown into confusion. Feeling this was improper, he argued back, “Tyrannical Qin destroys the other states and still dreams of building a flourishing age for all under Heaven? That will bring only hatred!” Zhao Ji did not care. He turned away and answered calmly, “General Pang Nuan, you truly are stubborn. I will make you sincerely convinced—consider it my sign of respect for you.” With that, Zhao Ji shouted, “Where are the surrendered soldiers of Han?” Hearing their commander’s call, all the Han soldiers who had surrendered to Great Qin raised their swords high and shouted, “Long live the commander!” Their overwhelming momentum alone was enough to inspire awe. Zhao Ji continued loudly, “Are you now soldiers of Han, or warriors of my Great Qin?” All the soldiers answered in unison, “We swear to serve Great Qin unto death! We swear to serve Great Qin unto death!” They shouted it again and again for Pang Nuan to witness. Then Zhao Ji turned to him and said, “You kept sending men to contact Han’s defeated troops to coordinate from within and without during the siege, yet no one responded. Isn’t that right?” Pang Nuan was left speechless, because it was exactly true. The surrendered Han soldiers continued shouting before Zhao Ji, “We swear to serve Great Qin unto death! We swear to serve Great Qin unto death!” The whole army swore loyalty to their commander and to Great Qin. The sword was still pressed against Pang Nuan’s neck as Zhao Ji continued to enlighten him: “This is exactly why those defeated remnants are now soldiers of my Great Qin. Once the other five states are destroyed, the soldiers and people of the other lands will likewise be unified into Great Qin.” Supreme General Pang Nuan answered sorrowfully, “Perhaps you are right. But you are still so young, and you have already rendered great service. Have you ever thought about being discarded once the bridge has been crossed?” Zhao Ji only coldly slashed with his sword in a flash. He thought to himself, “You’re about to die, and you still want to sow discord? If you were not Zhao’s Supreme General—worth experience points and generous rewards—I really would have wanted to keep you alive to watch what comes later.” After dealing with Pang Nuan, Zhao Ji patted his saddle and prepared to mount and leave. Sitting proudly in the saddle, he raised his sword high and shouted, “Warriors of Great Qin, Pang Nuan has been slain by this general! Great Qin has won this battle!” The soldiers below cheered gratefully. “The General is divinely mighty! The General is awe-inspiring in war!” Zhao Ji was exhilarated and deeply satisfied. Smiling brightly at everyone, he thought to himself, “Pang Nuan wasn’t wrong. With such great merit this time, the King of Qin will surely reward me heavily. Perhaps I can use this chance to obtain the true authority of a Supreme General and become the youngest Supreme General in all of Great Qin. More importantly— mm, this time I will definitely be able to break through the Ninth Layer of the Houtian Realm and advance to Level Nine.” The system promptly informed him: “Abstract Houtian Realm breakthrough.” Zhao Ji was overjoyed. “What a huge gain!” At the same time, inside Nanyang City, the flames were gradually dying down. The Zhao-Wei soldiers were pinned beneath large and small charred beams, crying out in pain for mercy. “It hurts! Spare us!” Riding calmly into the city, Zhao Ji witnessed how more than a hundred thousand Zhao-Wei soldiers had been wiped out in the great fire. Setting the city ablaze was indeed against the harmony of Heaven—but because it concerned the unification of the realm and everlasting peace, it had to be done. “Tu Sui, send the signal at once!” Tu Sui obeyed the order and immediately had the signal sounded. From the piles of debris, the Great Qin soldiers who heard the whistle all crawled up to the surface. They rushed over in force and knelt neatly before Zhao Ji, awaiting orders. All of them spoke in unison: “We pay our respects, General!” Zhao Ji immediately asked about the situation: “Those who risked their lives and rendered meritorious service in the Nanyang fire this time—were there any casualties?” A commander at Nanyang replied to Zhao Ji: “Reporting to General, after the flames erupted in Nanyang, we all hid in the fireproof chambers you had prepared in advance. Aside from two men injured in the fire, there were no casualties.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji nodded in satisfaction and said, “Very good. Go back and rest. I will not forget to reward you. Also, tell the wounded soldiers not to worry. Under my command, regardless of rank, anyone injured while carrying out a mission—I will do everything in my power to treat them and preserve their lives.” The Qin soldiers at Nanyang cupped their hands and bowed gratefully. “Many thanks, General!” Zhao Ji raised his eyes and called behind him, “Tu Sui, Zhang Han!” The two generals immediately answered, “Present, General!” Zhao Ji continued, “Keep a close watch over all the surrendered Zhao and Wei soldiers. Those in the city who were not burned are to be left alone. Anyone badly burned is to be treated—make them as comfortable as possible.” After receiving Zhao Ji’s orders, Tu Sui and Zhang Han felt deep admiration for his sense of honor. He treated his own men like brothers and would never abandon anyone. Yet toward the enemy, he showed absolutely no mercy. Their lord killed with decisive resolve. No wonder that in this great battle, no matter how richly Zhao and Wei had offered rewards, not a single man had betrayed him. Suddenly, from afar, Li Qing came galloping over on horseback with a slip of paper in hand, his voice full of joy. “General, news of victory from the front!” The moment he reached Zhao Ji, Li Qing dropped to his knees, his face shining as he said, “Li Da, acting under orders, struck the remnants of the Zhao-Wei forces at Daliang and won a complete victory, seizing all their grain supplies.” Zhao Ji was greatly pleased when he heard this. “Good. Though it is as expected, only by uprooting the Zhao-Wei forces at Daliang completely can the Battle of Nanyang truly be considered finished.” Zhao Ji then shouted, “Pass down the order to all nearby forces: no news of the Battle of Nanyang is to be leaked. The commanders have all worked hard these past few days. Let the army return to camp and rest for one day, then await this general’s further arrangements.” Confidence filled Zhao Ji’s face as he thought to himself, “As long as I seal off news of the Zhao-Wei army, I’ll be able to carry out the next step of the plan. Before that, I can also act with a little more confidence.” Zhao Ji returned to headquarters, entered his room in the military camp, and ordered the soldier guarding the door, “Without my instructions, no one is to barge in.” The soldier immediately replied, “Yes, sir!” As soon as he entered, Zhao Ji sat at his desk, opened the system screen, and ordered, “System, draw the rewards!” The system displayed: “Accepting host command. The host’s subordinates have killed a total of 98,561 people. You have obtained 24,640 experience points.” “Congratulations, Host. You have enough experience points to level up. Proceed with advancement?” Zhao Ji shouted without hesitation, “Level up!” The system screen displayed: “Accepting host command.” The moment the notification sounded, Zhao Ji’s body was immediately activated by the system for advancement. Streams of golden light wrapped around him. Surging spiritual power poured into his body, causing his cultivation to soar. The system screen congratulated him: “Congratulations, Host, on leveling up. Current level: Level Eight. Internal force upgraded, basic content upgraded, attributes upgraded.” “Congratulations, Host, on leveling up. Current level: Level Nine. Internal force upgraded.” Zhao Ji was immensely satisfied and thrilled. He said loudly, “Level Nine—I’ve finally reached it.” The system screen then displayed Zhao Ji’s status notifications: his physical level, internal force level, and basic internal cultivation technique were all at Level Nine. Martial techniques: Basic Swordsmanship cultivated to perfection—one sword strike released invisible sword qi. Mid-grade Yellow-rank martial technique Fierce Tiger Fist perfected—one punch struck out with the roar of a tiger; a single fist could gather all the body’s strength and amplify power tenfold. Yellow-rank martial technique Divine Archery mastered to perfection—arrows could be fired continuously within three hundred zhang, and ten arrows in succession carried explosive arrow qi. Weapons possessed: Star King Sword, protective armor, Ten-Stone Treasure Bow. Possessed special characteristic: Heart-Piercing. Possessed the authority of a commanding general—those beneath the rank of general would all hold him in awe. Experience required for next advancement: 1,950. After reading these notifications from the system, Zhao Ji said confidently, “I’m only a little short of the experience needed for Level Ten. After collecting the kill rewards, I wonder whether I can break through to the Xiantian Realm or not.” Then Zhao Ji gave another order to the system. “System, continue the settlement.” The system processed the request again. “Accepting host command. Continuing settlement of kill rewards. Congratulations, Host, for killing Wei Tai, young master of Wei. Reward: 300 experience points, 2,000 gold. Congratulations, Host, for killing Pang Nuan of Zhao. Reward: 800 experience points, martial technique skill. Beginning fame settlement. Congratulations, Host, for obtaining the fame of one million commoners. Reward: 100,000 upgrade points.” After reading this, Zhao Ji said, “With these extra experience points, I only need a little over 800 more to reach Level Ten. Just killing one senior general would do it. And the upgrade points have already reached 100,000. System, upgrade Pressure Point Technique and Horsemanship to perfection.” The system continued processing. “Accepting host command. Pressure Point Technique upgraded to perfection. Internal-force pressure-pointing has reached the peak level, with greater accuracy in striking acupoints. Horsemanship upgraded to perfection, reaching the state of perfect coordination between rider and horse.” Zhao Ji had now become a being of boundless strength, yet he still longed for a higher level. He thought to himself, “The Ninth Layer of the Houtian Realm is only one step away from the Xiantian Realm.” “At present, no ordinary mortal dares look down on me, but the difference between the two realms is not the same. The Houtian Realm is strong, but it still harms the body and puts one’s life at risk, whereas the Xiantian Realm doubles one’s power altogether. True qi, plus Xiantian cultivation methods—at that point, in this world, I would be something like an immortal. Even if royal power targeted me, I could still reverse the situation.” Zhao Ji sat down in a cultivation posture. The system displayed: “Upgrade successful. Remaining upgrade points: 55,000.” Zhao Ji had finished handling the rewards and upgrades with the system. He stood up and felt the abundant power surging through his body. “I didn’t expect that even after upgrading, I’d still have points left over. This time I truly made a killing. Next, I just need to wait for news of the battle to be sent back to Xianyang and receive Ying Zheng’s reward.” Zhao Ji then thought of Yuan’er and his pair of twins at home, and silently said to his wife and children, “Once the Zhao-Wei lands are settled and I reach the Xiantian Realm, I’ll be able to return home without worry and see Yuan’er and the children again.” Suddenly, a voice drifted over from afar, interrupting Zhao Ji’s train of thought. “Many thanks, Lord Xia.” Before Zhao Ji stood the military physicians, who were thanking Xia Wuju. “Physician Xia, thanks to your guidance, our methods of treating the wounded have improved more and more.” Xia Wuju replied modestly, “Not at all, not at all. It is all for Great Qin. This is simply Xia’s duty. I still need to inspect the other camps, so I must take my leave first.” Looking at Xia Wuju, Zhao Ji thought to himself, “So these past few days Xia Wuju hasn’t been sticking close to me because he’s been teaching medicine to the camp physicians. He’s really been busy.” Watching Physician Xia’s departing back, Zhao Ji immediately called out, “Lord Xia!” Zhao Ji walked over and bowed respectfully. “Lord Xia has worked tirelessly day and night. On behalf of the soldiers, I thank you, my lord.” Xia Wuju replied, “Not at all. With the general’s golden wound medicine here, I’ve only added a little effort of my own.” He stepped forward and kindly helped Zhao Ji back up, his face wearing a benevolent smile. “General Zhao leads his troops so well that the number of wounded soldiers in Great Qin is extremely low. This old man deeply admires you. Once we return to Xianyang, I will certainly praise you before the King.” Zhao Ji asked in surprise, “Lord Xia, are you leaving already?” Xia Wuju replied, “The general’s and the King’s arrangements have already fallen into place, so I have no reason to remain. But before I leave, there are a few things I wish to ask. I wonder whether it would be convenient, General?” Zhao Ji answered, “Please, go ahead, Lord Xia.” With Zhao Ji’s permission, Xia Wuju’s face turned troubled as he spoke of the thoughts that had weighed on his heart for a long time. “This old man has a daughter who has been missing for many years. Her appearance is very similar to… I have always wondered whether perhaps you share blood ties with her, so…” Hearing these words from Lord Xia, Zhao Ji was somewhat surprised. “No wonder his expression was so strange when we first met. But could Lord Xia’s daughter be A’Fang? The historical records say that Qin Shi Huang loved only the woman A’Fang, even building the Epang Palace for her and never appointing an empress his whole life. That woman A’Fang was part of a famous tale. And that woman A’Fang was actually Lord Xia’s daughter?” Zhao Ji asked, “May I ask, Lord Xia, what is your daughter’s name?” Xia Wuju immediately answered, “The girl’s name is Xia Yufang. Her familiar name is A’Fang.” Just as Zhao Ji had thought. “I always thought that was only a legend. I never expected it to be true.” Xia Wuju’s face now turned hopeful as he asked, “General Zhao, may I ask the name of your elder?” Zhao Ji scratched his head awkwardly. “I’m afraid I’ll disappoint you, Lord Xia. My mother’s name was Zhao Dong’er, so I am not your grandson.” Xia Wuju was somewhat disappointed by this. Zhao Ji comforted him at once. “It’s hard to avoid lookalikes in this world. But Lord Xia, don’t lose heart. I believe you will definitely find your daughter.” Yet Xia Wuju’s face grew contemplative. “No… even if people can resemble each other, they cannot resemble each other to this extent. Zhao Ji’s face is almost the same as A’Fang’s. After all these years, and with what happened back then dealing such a heavy blow, perhaps A’Fang hid her identity and disappeared without a trace.” After thinking for a while, Xia Wuju spoke again. “General Zhao, where is your mother now? I wonder whether this old man might meet her just once?” Zhao Ji suddenly turned away, his voice becoming sorrowful. “My mother passed away a year ago.” Startled, Xia Wuju asked, “Passed away?” Zhao Ji continued, “It was precisely because my mother died that I enlisted in the army without anything holding me back.” Seeing the lingering shock on Xia Wuju’s face, he consoled him. “General, please restrain your grief. This old man has asked something he should not have.” Zhao Ji replied, “It’s alright. Lord Xia asked only because he misses his daughter. I understand.” Xia Wuju cupped his hands gratefully and said to Zhao Ji, “In any case, many thanks to General Zhao for resolving the doubts in this old man’s heart. I take my leave.” Zhao Ji replied, “It was only a small matter, Lord Xia. There is no need to thank me.” As Xia Wuju turned to leave, his bearing became dejected and sorrowful. “A’Fang, A’Fang, I thought I had found you this time. In the end, where are you?” “Could Zhao Ji truly not be my grandson? Why do I feel such a sense of closeness toward him? Could it really just be coincidence?” But Xia Wuju quickly rallied himself and said decisively, “No. Even if there is only a sliver of hope, I must not give up.” He turned and looked at Zhao Ji’s departing figure, his face extremely serious as he said with anticipation, “In a few days, I’ll set out for Li Family Village and see for myself whether you are truly my grandson—whether you are A’Fang’s son.” Zhao Ji walked to the front of all the Great Qin soldiers and declared in a ringing voice, “Soldiers, hear the report on the Battle of Nanyang—Great Qin has won a complete victory!” The moment they heard it, all the soldiers erupted in excitement and shouted in unison, “Great Qin!” Zhao Ji raised a hand to signal them to stop, and the soldiers immediately fell silent. The atmosphere became solemn and still. Zhao Ji continued, recounting the achievements of the Battle of Nanyang. “In this battle, our army lost 2,685 dead and 3,100 wounded. Nine out of ten men emerged safe and sound. We annihilated 100,000 enemy troops and captured 80,000 Zhao-Wei soldiers alive. Since the founding of Great Qin, this is truly a victory rarely seen in all ages.” The moment Zhao Ji finished speaking, the soldiers below erupted into joyous cheers. They were beyond grateful. One soldier exclaimed happily, “I actually got to take part in such a once-in-a-lifetime battle!” The man beside him chimed in, “With a victory like this, even if I retire and return home in the future, it’ll be enough to make me proud for the rest of my life.” Some were so overjoyed they were moved to tears. Looking at the soldiers below, Zhao Ji continued, “Therefore, this general has decided to reward the entire army, and at the same time fulfill the promise I made to you at the beginning.” Raising both hands, Zhao Ji loudly proclaimed to the whole army regarding the Battle of Nanyang, “Whether old troops of Kongcheng or newly enlisted surrendered soldiers, all of you have rendered great merit for Great Qin and shall be rewarded equally. All elite Qin soldiers and officers will be raised one rank in nobility.” General Tu Sui, General Zhang Han, and the other commanders, upon hearing this, laughed joyfully and thanked Zhao Ji for the reward. As for the common soldiers, Zhao Ji continued, “All surrendered soldiers who enlisted shall have their slave status removed and truly become soldiers of Great Qin. You will enjoy all the privileges of our Great Qin, and from now on may earn higher rank year after year through killing enemies.” Upon hearing this, the surrendered soldiers all teared up and said emotionally, “I… I’ve been freed from slave status. I’m truly a soldier of Great Qin now. General Zhao didn’t lie to us.” The Qin soldiers were also happy for them. The soldiers began cheering again. “General Zhao! General Zhao! General Zhao!” Zhao Ji closed his eyes in satisfaction and savored the atmosphere of victory. Amid the crowd’s cries of admiration, he laughed silently to himself. “Are they cheering for me, Zhao Ji? The gains from this battle are enormous—nothing surpasses the hearts of the army and one’s reputation.” Zhao Ji turned and patted the shoulder of a nearby officer. “Prepare mutton for the troops and pass down this general’s order: today we eat meat; when the enemy lands are fully pacified, we’ll reward the army with wine.” That officer immediately accepted the order. Zhao Ji then mounted his warhorse and, sword in hand, led the army from the front. “The Han territory has already been rewarded. Next, I only need to wait for the influence and recognition granted to me by the King of Qin, and for the Qin cavalry to sweep through Zhao. I, Zhao Ji, am destined to be the vanguard.” At the same time, in the main hall of Xianyang, the ministers were taking turns reporting to the King of Qin. “Your Majesty, Zhao and Wei have already mobilized, but we still have not been able to dispatch the main army in time. What should be done about Wei City?” Another also added, “Han territory is in critical danger. We beg Your Majesty to decide quickly.” The King of Great Qin had only a faint trace of concern on his face as he reassured the ministers. “My lords need not worry. Han territory is not in danger.” Seated firmly on his throne, the King continued, “Earlier, I already received secret reports from Han territory: the Zhao-Wei army has already been crushed by Zhao Ji.” “Zhao Gao, read the memorial.” Zhao Gao immediately replied, “Yes.” The ministers below were shocked and astonished. “Wasn’t Zhao Ji supposed to be dead?” Paying them no mind, Zhao Gao began to read the memorial. “The 180,000 allied Zhao-Wei troops attacked Nanyang City. Commander Zhao Ji devised a plan, lured the enemy into the city, and set it ablaze. Of the tens of thousands of Zhao-Wei troops who entered the city, nearly all perished. In addition, 80,000 enemy troops were taken alive. Great Qin suffered fewer than 2,000 dead and fewer than 3,000 wounded, while the common people of Nanyang all remained safe and sound. Wei general Wei Tai was shot to death by Commander Zhao Ji. Zhao general Pang Nuan was also beheaded by Commander Zhao Ji.” After hearing this, the ministers below all rejoiced and began discussing noisily among themselves. “Burning an empty city in exchange for 100,000 Zhao-Wei troops—what a brilliant plan!” “The deaths of the Zhao-Wei generals truly show Heaven is blessing Great Qin!” “Since the founding of Great Qin, and even among all the states under Heaven until now, which country has ever won such a great victory with such a vast disparity in casualties?” “But what exactly happened? Even if Zhao Ji wasn’t dead, when did he dispatch troops?” Only Li Si, after hearing the memorial, turned pale with shock, scarcely able to believe his ears. His expression became dark and thoughtful. “Zhao Ji isn’t dead, which means the assassination plot has been exposed. If that’s the case, then the hatred between him and me is now utterly irreconcilable.” At that moment, the King of Qin laughed loudly. “My lords, by this point, there is no need for me to conceal the truth any longer. From Zhao Ji being gravely wounded in an assassination attempt to the fake reinforcement army from Yongcheng, all of it was a game of chess arranged by Zhao Ji and me, to lure Zhao and Wei into raising troops. And Zhao Ji has indeed not disappointed me—nor has he disappointed Great Qin.” “This time, Zhao Ji not only secured order in Han territory and defeated 180,000 Zhao-Wei troops, he also killed Wei Tai and Pang Nuan, completely shaking the two states of Zhao and Wei. Han territory has been stabilized. Zhao and Wei have suffered grievous losses to their vital strength. Great Qin now has a famed commanding general—our chance to seize all under Heaven has come far sooner than expected.” The King of Qin slammed his hand down on the map table, and the small markers representing Zhao and Wei snapped apart. He continued, “Prepare for war immediately. Within two months, I want Great Qin’s forces to leave Hangu Pass and smash through the border cities of Zhao State.” The ministers immediately bowed their heads respectfully and said in unison, “Your Majesty is wise and mighty. We swear to follow Your Majesty unto death and unify all under Heaven for Great Qin.” Meng Yi, Meng Wu’s second son, immediately stepped forward and said to the King, “Your Majesty, in this battle in Han territory, Zhao Ji has rendered a feat of merit without equal. I believe he must be richly rewarded.” Meng Yi’s proposal made Li Si somewhat uneasy. The King of Great Qin gave a hearty laugh and said, “Minister Meng is absolutely right.” Then the King proclaimed his decree: “Reward Zhao Ji with 3,000 gold, 3,000 bolts of cloth, 500 maidservants, 1,000 slaves, and an additional 2,500 troops. Yongcheng and his hometown, Li Family Village, are also to be enfeoffed as his fief. In addition, Zhao Ji’s noble rank shall be raised by two grades; he is promoted to Upper General and elevated to commander of a full army. From today onward, military affairs in Han territory need no longer be reported to the Yongcheng command camp—all matters shall be managed independently.” The other ministers all voiced their agreement as well: “Your Majesty is wise and resourceful, and with a fierce general like Zhao Ji, the territory of our Great Qin will soon expand further.” Another minister chimed in: “Great Qin is truly fortunate to have Zhao Ji.” Only Li Si still stood in the back, face dark with resentment, lost in thought. Meng Yi walked over, leaned close to Li Si’s ear, and said, “Lord Commandant, why do you seem so dispirited?” Startled, Li Si stammered, “Meng... Meng Yi.” Not giving him a chance to continue, Meng Yi smiled and went on, “Let me guess— are you unhappy because His Majesty granted your fief to Zhao Ji? Didn’t His Majesty say he would grant you another fief? What is there to feel troubled about?” Li Si immediately denied it: “I have no dissatisfaction with His Majesty.” Meng Yi replied, “Of course you’re dissatisfied—because you lost your fief, and from now on it’ll be much harder for you to make trouble for Madam Zhao. And besides, Zhao Ji’s promotion this time also makes you unhappy, doesn’t it?” Li Si had been hit right where it hurt. Furious, he was left speechless and unable to retort. Seeing him like that, Meng Yi turned and laughed smugly. “I was just joking, Lord Commandant. Don’t take it to heart.” Li Si burned with anger inside. “Meng Yi’s insolence must be because Meng Wu is backing him.” Watching Meng Yi’s self-satisfied figure walk away, Li Si frowned and thought, “But he’s not wrong. If Zhao Ji is made Upper General, then I won’t be able to control Li Yuan’er anymore either. And with the Meng family supporting him, it’ll be harder than climbing to the heavens to move against Zhao Ji in court in the future.” Court had already adjourned. At this moment, in the inner palace, a voice announced: “Your Majesty, Imperial Physician Xia has returned.” The King of Qin, Qin Shi Huang, had been alone in contemplation, gazing at a painting, when he ordered that Xia Wuju be admitted. As soon as Xia Wuju arrived, he respectfully bowed. “This old subject pays his respects to Your Majesty.” The King of Qin immediately reached out to help Xia Wuju up. “Father-in-law, there are only the two of us here, so there is no need for such formality. You’ve worked hard on this trip.” The two of them looked together at the painting on the wall. Xia Wuju said, “To give my all for Your Majesty, this old subject does not fear hardship. After all these years, does Your Majesty still long for A Fang?” The King of Qin’s voice grew slightly heavy. “How could true feelings ever be forgotten? Back then, I only hate that I had not yet truly secured royal power, and so caused her to avoid me for so many years. One day, when I unite all under Heaven, I will surely find her. At that time, nothing will be able to separate us again.” Thinking back on what had happened, Xia Wuju comforted the King. “You cannot blame her. A Fang understood, and that is why she left.” Looking at the King’s back, at the man who loved his daughter so deeply, Xia Wuju thought to himself, “Back then, Lao Ai, Zhao Ji, Lü Buwei, the old aristocratic clans—countless people relied on royal power, countless people obstructed them. That was also what gave rise to his longing for power. But the road to power is full of hardship and bitterness. And yet, his feelings for A Fang have remained unchanged from beginning to end. This is the only driving force on the path he walks. And because of this love, there is the present King of Qin, and the present Great Qin.” While lost in thought, Xia Wuju heard the King of Qin ask, “By the way, on your trip to Han territory this time, what impression did Zhao Ji leave on you? What kind of person is he?” Xia Wuju replied, “General Zhao is a true talent. Though he is young, he already carries the bearing of a great general. He acts cleanly and decisively, and when it comes to killing, he is firm and resolute. He is a rare hero indeed.” At the mention of Zhao Ji, Xia Wuju lowered his head and thought, “There is even a trace of Your Majesty and A Fang in him.” But those words could not be said carelessly. Moreover, his mother’s name was Zhao Dong’er, and that matter had not yet been verified. Hearing Xia Wuju’s assessment of Zhao Ji, the King of Qin said, “Sure enough, he is much like I imagined. After this campaign to destroy Zhao, I must summon him back to the capital and meet him once. Sometimes I think that if Dong’er and I had a child, perhaps he would be just like him.” When Xia Wuju heard the King of Qin mention the name Dong’er, he was so startled that he blurted out, “Dong’er?” The King of Qin smiled and said, “Father-in-law, did you not know? Dong’er is the private pet name that A Fang and I used for each other.” Xia Wuju’s face turned pale, and he thought inwardly, “Dong’er... was my guess correct? Then my A Fang...” The King of Qin frowned and asked, “What is it?” Xia Wuju lowered his head and answered, “Ah, it is nothing, this old subject... I was simply surprised to suddenly learn that A Fang had another name. Your Majesty, I hurried back to the capital to pay my respects because there is another matter I wished to speak of. This old subject, while caring for General Zhao in Han territory, learned that the general’s wife has given birth. I wish to contribute what little strength I can and request leave to go to Li Family Village to help them recover their health.” The King of Qin smiled and said, “So that is the matter. Since you are willing, then take Zhao Ji’s reward with you as well.” Xia Wuju cupped his hands. “Yes. Then this old subject shall take his leave first.” On the way back, Xia Wuju walked while thinking, “Dong’er is A Fang. A Fang is Dong’er—my daughter. Did you really leave your old father and the man you loved just like that? No—unless I personally verify it, I absolutely refuse to believe it. And His Majesty must never learn of this. If His Majesty learns that you are dead, then what would remain to support him as the pillar of Great Qin? The world would surely fall into chaos.” At the same time, at the Zhao residence in Li Family Village, a convoy of carriages appeared, bringing a great quantity of gold, silver, and treasures. The people standing at a distance clicked their tongues in amazement. “What joyous news, joyous news indeed! General Zhao Ji has been promoted to Upper General!” Someone beside them said with a touch of envy, “Are all those His Majesty’s rewards? What honor! Heaven truly has eyes, bringing such good fortune to Yuan’er.” Inside the room, after taking Yuan’er’s pulse, Xia Wuju said, “Madam’s health is not in any serious danger. It is only that her emotions are somewhat unstable.” Meng Tian at once replied, “Lord Xia’s medical skill is unmatched. Yuan’er worries about Zhao Ji all day long, and before this she was even harassed by that old bastard Li Si. Naturally her spirit has been harmed. But that brat Zhao Ji has won His Majesty’s favor. Step by step, he has risen until now he is already an Upper General. Even Li Family Village has become his personal fief. Presumably Yuan’er can finally feel a little more at ease.” Yuan’er took the jade pendant and gazed at it gently. “Brother Ji really did it. Ji’er, Xi’er, our family will soon be reunited.” Looking at the jade pendant in Li Yuan’er’s hand, Xia Wuju was inwardly shocked. “That jade pendant...” He immediately asked, “Madam Zhao, that jade pendant of yours is exquisitely crafted. May I know where it came from? An old friend of mine also had a jade pendant quite similar to it.” Li Yuan’er’s eyes widened in surprise. “Actually, this jade pendant is a keepsake left behind by my mother-in-law. I heard it was also the love token my parents-in-law exchanged back then. My mother-in-law, even until the moment she died, still remembered him. But for many years, there was no word from him at all. If my lord has seen this jade pendant before, then perhaps you might be able to help my husband and his father reunite.” Xia Wuju looked at the jade pendant, his eyes full of sorrow. “So my guess was right after all. A Fang... right now, I truly wish all of this were wrong.” Seeing Xia Wuju’s expression, Meng Tian immediately began to speculate. “That jade pendant really is something important to His Majesty. So Zhao Ji truly is the son of His Majesty and A Fang. This matter absolutely cannot be spoken aloud.” Meng Tian then reached out, placed a hand on Xia Wuju’s shoulder, and said, “Lord Xia, look carefully. There are many jade pendants in this world that look similar.” Xia Wuju lowered his eyes and replied, “At first glance, it does seem very similar. But the more closely one looks, the less alike they seem. I am afraid this old man cannot help Madam Zhao.” Li Yuan’er smiled and said, “It’s all right. In this vast sea of people, finding someone who vanished is no easy matter. Lord Xia, you may simply call me Yuan’er. Please don’t call me Madam Zhao. And besides, you are an elder. I ought to call you Grandpa.” Xia Wuju was immediately moved. “May I really?” Li Yuan’er nodded. “Of course, Grandpa.” Then she pushed her two children forward toward Xia Wuju. Xia Wuju held the two children in his arms, his face full of joy, while sighing inwardly with regret. “A Fang, forgive your father for coming too late and not seeing you one last time. I cannot even acknowledge kinship with Zhao Ji now. But to hear your daughter-in-law call me Grandpa, to see the descendants of your son—even if I died now, I would have no regrets.” After the three of them left, father and son Meng Wu and Meng Tian brought Xia Wuju to visit his daughter’s grave. Xia Wuju laid his hand on the gravestone, his face filled with grief. “A Fang, Father has come to see you.” Standing at a distance, Meng Tian asked his father in confusion, “Father, is Zhao Ji really His Majesty’s son? This is a good thing, so why hide it? Besides, if Zhao Ji acknowledges his ancestry, it would surely bring many benefits to our Meng family as well.” Meng Wu immediately scolded him. “You foolish boy, keep your voice down. The problem is that Zhao Ji is the son of Xia Yufang. Back then, when His Majesty was a hostage in Zhao and suffered humiliation, only the Xia family’s young daughter, A Fang, cared for him attentively. The two of them were childhood sweethearts and had already resolved to spend their lives together. Later, when His Majesty returned to Great Qin, he originally wished to take A Fang as his wife. Who could have expected Lü Buwei and those others to obstruct it so overbearingly, claiming that A Fang was of humble birth? They even used the struggle for the throne as an excuse. Later, in order to allow His Majesty to stabilize his realm, A Fang left without hesitation. From the moment A Fang departed, His Majesty seemed to go mad, climbing to the summit of power—controlling Zhao Ji, killing Lao Ai, reforming through Shang Gong, eliminating the old aristocratic clans, and seizing power from Lü Buwei. It can be said that at least half of His Majesty’s ambition today comes from his attachment to A Fang. But if he were to learn now that A Fang is dead, then what would become of our Great Qin and the great enterprise of unifying all under Heaven?” Meng Tian nodded in realization. “No wonder His Majesty still has not established a queen after all these years. So it is because his love runs that deep. But paper cannot wrap fire forever.” Meng Wu raised his head to the sky and said, “Fortunately, there is still Zhao Ji and Zhao Ji’s two children. Once the realm is stable, we can inform him little by little. Perhaps for the sake of his children, His Majesty will still be able to keep his reason.” Meng Tian stroked his chin and added, “And with the feelings His Majesty has for A Fang, together with Zhao Ji’s current performance, once the truth comes to light in the future, His Majesty may even establish him as crown prince. Li Si put all his effort into currying favor with Prince Fusu, yet ended up overlooking the true eldest legitimate son—what a huge loss.” Meng Wu rubbed his son’s head and laughed. “As expected of my son—clever indeed. We originally thought our Meng family, as great ministers, was merely supporting a powerful frontier general. But now it seems we are standing on the side of the future master of all under Heaven. In the future, this will be a blessing for Great Qin, and also a blessing for our Meng family.” On a fine evening, at Jinyang City, at the meeting point of the Three Jin, a convoy of carriages carrying a large amount of grain appeared. The guard on the city wall saw it and immediately reported, “General, there is a group of men and horses ahead.” The man beside him folded his arms and replied with a smile, “What are you panicking for? Isn’t that the banner and armor of our Zhao troops? General Pang went south to Nanyang—most likely this is just a grain transport.” One of the mounted men below rode forward and shouted toward the city gate, “Brother on the wall, trouble you to open the gate. We’ve come under the general’s orders to distribute provisions.” A hanging basket was lowered on ropes. The man above said, “Fine. Put your copy of the military order into the basket. After I inspect it, I’ll open the gate.” When the basket was pulled back up, the defending general took out the command token inside. After examining it carefully, he nodded. “The token is genuine. Open the city gate.” The gate slowly opened. Seeing all the men and horses outside, the leader at the front cupped his hands in salute. “Brothers, you’ve worked hard. We still have to trouble you after entering the city, or Upper General Lian Po will blame us. I wonder how the fighting in Nanyang is going now? When will General Pang Nuan return in triumph?” The expression of Tu Wei, who was leading the men outside the city, darkened. He gave a sinister smile. “Hahaha, you want to know that badly? Then lower your head, and this general will tell you.” The moment he finished speaking, his blade swept forward. Blood immediately sprayed from the throat of the man in front of him. He raised his sword and shouted, “By General Zhao’s command: when the army enters the city, no civilians are to be harmed. Secure the gate at once. Those who surrender will not be killed. Those who refuse to surrender—kill without mercy!” As soon as he spoke, the troops outside the city surged in. Several soldiers inside the city cried out in horror, “Qin soldiers! Qin soldiers have arrived!” The man beside them stared blankly. “What happened? How could Qin soldiers enter the city?” From outside came wave after wave of shouts in unison: “Surrender and you live! Refuse and you die!” The two sides clashed, and the firelight cast swaying shadows against the walls. Inside their homes, the people huddled together in fear. Several soldiers realized the situation was hopeless and quickly raised their hands in surrender. “I surrender! I surrender! Don’t kill me! Spare me!” The soldiers of Zhao were crushed just like that. Qin troops poured in and slaughtered their way forward, finally seizing the city. Zhao Ji rode in on horseback, looked around, and assessed the situation inwardly. “Jinyang fell too easily. Fifty li behind it lies Handan.” Tu Wei walked up to Zhao Ji’s horse and cupped his hands in report. “General, the entire area around Jinyang’s city gate is now under our control. Most of Zhao’s soldiers and officers have surrendered. Only a small number stubbornly resisted, but they have already been dealt with.” Zhao Ji smiled and said, “Block all news. Do not allow any word of the city’s fall to leak out. That way, we can keep using the same method, relying on these Zhao armors to approach Handan without anyone the wiser.” “Yes, sir.” A captured Zhao general, bound in ropes, glared at Zhao Ji and shouted bitterly, “Qin dog, you are truly despicable! But don’t think yourself so formidable. When General Pang returns victorious from Nanyang, he will cut off the heads of every last one of you!” Tu Wei laughed mockingly. “Hahaha, you idiot—have you not thought about where the Zhao armor we’re wearing came from? Let me tell you: Pang Nuan was long since killed by General Zhao. Your 100,000 Zhao troops also died at Nanyang. Do you expect them to come back as ghosts to reinforce you?” Hearing this, the man’s face changed dramatically. “What?” Tu Wei turned to Zhao Ji and cupped his hands. “General, how should we deal with Zhao’s soldiers and officers? Should we absorb them into our ranks, as we did with Han?” The Zhao general immediately shouted in fury, “Qin dog! We would rather die than surrender to you! Don’t even dream that our Zhao will bow at your feet!” Zhao Ji curled his lips in a smile. “Hahaha, quite spirited—worthy of this general’s admiration. In that case, I’ll grant your wish. Those who do not surrender shall be killed.” As soon as he finished speaking, several swords from the surrounding soldiers pierced through the Zhao general’s body. Zhao Ji turned and walked away, thinking inwardly, “Han has already been destroyed by Great Qin, so its officers and soldiers can be peacefully incorporated. But Zhao’s soldiers still have a state to support them. If they do not surrender, they absolutely cannot be kept alive.” He then asked the system, “This battle was won so easily. I wonder what the gains were.” The system began calculating the reward for enemy kills. A notice appeared on the system screen. “Acknowledged, Host’s command. In this battle, the forces under the Host’s command killed 5,235 enemies and obtained 1,308 experience points. Level-up available. Experience is full. Would you like to raise your level?” Zhao Ji nodded. “Level up.” The instant he spoke, spiritual energy surged throughout his entire body, and both his inner force and physical strength increased. “Level 10 Acquired Realm Peak.” At that moment, the system issued a new notification. “Character: Zhao Ji. Level 10 Acquired Realm. Physical Strength: 1000. Inner Force: 1000. Cultivation Technique: Basic Internal Skill, Level 10. Martial Skill Training: Basic Swordsmanship, perfected; with one slash, invisible sword qi is released. Mid-Gold Rank Martial Skill, perfected: Fierce Tiger Fist; each punch carries the roar of a tiger, and one strike can gather ten times the full-body power into an explosive blow. Mysterious Rank perfected skill: Vast Divine Archery; fully comprehended—three hundred million illusory arrows, ten arrows fired in succession including explosive arrows. Weapons: Overlord’s refined-steel sword-halberd, ten-stone bow. Defensive armor equipped. Treasure: Conscience Measure. Trait: Commanding Authority of the Chief General. All subordinate generals hold deep awe and respect. Authority value: 9560.” Holding the authority token in his hand, he felt delighted inside. “My army is now truly close to a state where no one can stop us. Zhao really is on the verge of exhaustion.” A voice sounded from behind him. “My lord, your subordinate has carried out your command. All Zhao troops who refused to surrender have been executed. As for the remaining surrendered troops, how should they be handled? Our army is now stationed at the junction of the Three Jin. For the next campaign, should we request instructions from Xianyang?” Zhao Ji turned and replied, “Send ten thousand officers and soldiers to escort the surrendered Zhao troops back to Qin. Anyone who causes trouble on the road—kill them at once. Let the army rest and reorganize briefly. In a few days, we march on Zhao’s Anyang City. There is no need to seek instructions from Xianyang.” Tu Wei immediately said, “My lord, forgive this subordinate for speaking bluntly. To attack Anyang is to push deep into Zhao’s heartland. If we do not seek instructions from Xianyang, then we will be a lone force, isolated and unsupported. If—if our army should be defeated, then His Majesty will have no way to quickly send troops to aid us.” Zhao Ji frowned. “Do you think I am being rash and arrogantly overconfident?” Tu Wei lowered his head. “This subordinate would not dare.” Zhao Ji smiled and said, “Relax. I would never risk the lives of Great Qin’s soldiers recklessly. This time, our army took the city very quickly. All secret letters and military defense maps in Jinyang’s command room must be destroyed and concealed. At this moment, a surprise attack on Zhao is our best path to victory. Besides, to capture bandits, one must first capture their king. Zhao is the strongest of the Three Jin, so naturally it must be eliminated first.” He placed a hand on Zhao’s map and thought smugly to himself, “The First Emperor of all ages— would you really let slip the chance to destroy a great enemy? So if I know this, then surely you know it as well.” Early the next morning, the guard atop the city wall saw a Zhao soldier galloping away in flight. The Zhao soldier looked at the corpses strewn everywhere around him, his face filled with panic. The gate guard immediately said, “Master, are you really letting him escape to report back to Handan like this?” Zhao Ji glanced behind him and said with a smile, “That’s right. When panic makes men lose their way and chaos destroys all order, the fear created in the enemy is precisely the key to victory. What I want now is complete turmoil in their court. If we seize this chance and press the army forward to besiege the city, success is certain.” He then shouted his orders to the whole army. “Remove the disguises and put on Great Qin armor. Leave ten thousand men to garrison Anyang City. The remaining one hundred thousand troops are to follow this general at once to attack Handan. No need to reorganize or refit.” At this time in Handan, inside Longtai Palace, the King of Zhao turned pale in fright upon hearing the report. “What? Pang Nuan is dead in battle? Jinyang and Anyang have both fallen one after another? All one hundred thousand of our Zhao-Wei allied troops have been wiped out?” The soldier delivering the report burst into tears. “Your Majesty, Zhao Ji was too cunning. We were all deceived. The Qin army is now only a dozen li away and will soon reach Handan.” The King of Zhao shouted, “That old fool Pang Nuan was utterly useless and has dragged me into such a trap!” As he spoke, he became so enraged that he coughed up blood. The old minister standing behind him grew anxious at once. “Your Majesty, please take care of your health.” The king turned to him in panic. “Chancellor, what should we do now? The Qin troops are pressing in. If Handan falls, Great Zhao is finished.” The Chancellor of Zhao supported him and comforted him. “Your Majesty, do not panic. We still have fifty thousand elite troops in Handan. We will certainly keep Your Majesty safe.” Another minister also nodded frantically. “That’s right. We still have fifty thousand soldiers in Handan. It’s not as if the city can be defeated so easily. As long as we hold out for a few days and order General Lian Po to hurry back and reinforce the city, the Qin army will surely withdraw.” A voice suddenly rang out in the middle of the hall. “That plan cannot be used!” Zhao Ba, the Crown Prince of Zhao and Lord Chunping, stepped forward in the hall and cupped his hands. “Your Majesty, General Lian Po is guarding the frontier and pinning down Wang Jian. If we order him to lead his army back to Handan at once, Wang Jian will seize the opportunity to invade.” “Then what are we supposed to do?” “In your servant’s opinion, it would be better to order General Li Mu to return and reinforce us. Even if Handan falls, Zhao’s lands can still be kept safe.” Hearing this, the King of Zhao pointed straight at Zhao Ba and cursed, “Silence! Zhao Ba, what are you plotting? Is my safety worth less than a few border cities? The one who can return to Handan the fastest is Lian Po. If Li Mu comes back instead, do you think I’ll still be alive by then?” “Zhao Ba, do you want me dead so badly? Are you still coveting this throne?” Zhao Ba lowered his head at once. “I would not dare. I harbor no such thoughts.” The King of Zhao snorted. “It had better be so.” He waved his hand and shouted, “My decision is final. Send orders at once for Lian Po to lead his troops back to Handan and rescue me. Zhao Ba, since you have always been loyal to the state, I now appoint you general, commander of the fifty thousand troops defending the outer city. If the city falls, bring me your head.” Zhao Ba answered helplessly, “This subject obeys.” After saying that, the King of Zhao turned around. “All of you, withdraw.” As the two old ministers were leaving, they whispered to each other. One sighed, “His Majesty is muddle-headed. Lord Chunping’s plan was clearly the best course, yet he listened to Guo Kai’s slander instead.” The other replied, “With the enemy army pressing down amid such chaos, His Majesty’s decision is understandable. But if General Lian Po withdraws, I fear the border cities of Great Zhao will soon be trampled by Qin cavalry.” The minister beside him added, “To ignore the greater situation like this... if Lord Chunping had succeeded to the throne from the start, Great Zhao would never have ended up in this state.” The man opposite him paled in fright. “Shh, lower your voice!” After Zhao Ba arrived at the city outskirts to take command, a soldier on the wall reported to him on the day both sides faced off. “Reporting to Lord Chunping, the fifty thousand Zhao troops inside the city are ready for battle.” Zhao Ba nodded. “Mm.” Standing atop the gate tower and looking into the distance at the tens of thousands of Qin troops, he thought to himself, The life or death of Great Zhao depends on this battle. I only hope I can hold the city until General Lian Po returns. Drawing his sword from its scabbard, Zhao Ba shouted, “Soldiers of Great Zhao! Violent Qin is cruel and savage. In the Battle of Changping, Lord Wu’an set a trap and slaughtered four hundred thousand of our kin. And now they come again, seeking to destroy Great Zhao. Do you dare fight to the death for Great Zhao, for all the people in this city?” All the Zhao soldiers raised their swords and roared in unison, “Kill violent Qin! Kill violent Qin!” Lord Chunping shouted loudly, “With one heart, soldiers of Zhao, defend the city and wait for General Lian Po’s reinforcements. Then we will kill the Qin generals!” All the Zhao soldiers shouted together, “Avenge our hatred! Avenge our hatred! We will avenge our hatred!” At that moment, Zhao Ji was already riding his warhorse with Zhang Han and Tu Sui, pressing close to the city of Zhao. Seeing that only fifty thousand soldiers had come out to meet them, Zhao Ji could not help but sneer. “Only fifty thousand troops? And they still dare face me? The cavalry of Great Qin still carries a sky-piercing aura. Who is the commander leading them?” General Tu Sui quickly answered, “Reporting to General Zhao, the man leading the troops over there is the Crown Prince of Zhao, Lord Chunping.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji grew even more confident. “No wonder Zhao is only capable of this much.” As they drew closer to the city, Zhao Ji became even more excited. While advancing, he asked, “Tu Sui, faced with this sort of provocation, where are the elite troops of Great Qin?” The elite soldiers marching behind him were already burning with fighting spirit, ready for battle. They had now arrived beneath the Zhao city commanded by Lord Chunping. Zhao Ji forcefully drew his sword and pointed it straight at the city as he advanced. He shouted, “Soldiers! For many years the realm has been wracked by war, and the common people have suffered, all because Handan believed Great Qin had already been brought low. Today our army will wipe out Zhao completely.” Zhao Ji continued to rouse the courage of Qin’s soldiers. “Break Handan, raise the campaign to destroy Zhao, and from here begin Great Qin’s unification of the world.” “General Zhao Ji, we will fight alongside the soldiers of Great Qin to destroy Zhao and begin a new age of prosperity for the emperor of Great Qin!” After hearing this, the soldiers of Great Qin all surged forward with blazing fervor, swords in hand, charging straight at the city walls. The great gate thundered, and Zhao Ji, sword in hand atop his warhorse, led the assault as the army pushed into the attack on Zhao’s city. As they neared, General Tu Sui ordered the troops to form defensive positions at once. The soldiers of Great Qin lined up, raised their bows, and set their shields in place, preparing to attack into the city. But this defensive formation looked rather strange. Compared with ordinary formations, it left the Zhao officers stunned and suspicious. “What is this? Why are the archers in front? What on earth are they doing? We’ve never seen a formation like this before.” Lord Chunping had no time to think deeply. He brushed it off and did not concern himself with the formation any further. Maybe they were only trying to frighten them. As long as they were not allowed to get close, that would be enough. So Lord Chunping ordered the archers to fire downward. Zhao Ji also issued orders to his troops. “At one hundred zhang, raise bows. Archers, prepare. Catapults, take your positions and stand by.” Zhao Ji was extremely confident in his advantage. “Did they think a few childish toys like that could trouble the soldiers of Great Qin?” “All soldiers of Great Qin, listen well. Let little Zhao learn what true archery really is.” With that, the soldiers of Great Qin began drawing their bows and firing toward Lord Chunping. Thousands of arrows shot toward the city wall in a shrill storm. Toward the place where Lord Chunping stood, there came not only sharp arrows but hundreds of heavy stones as well. Lord Chunping froze in place in shock. His entire group cried out in terror and scattered in all directions. As he fled for his life, Lord Chunping thought, So this is Great Qin’s archers and catapults? At such a distance, and yet the power is this great... truly terrifying. But Lord Chunping did not give up. He desperately urged his soldiers to keep attacking. “Fire! Keep firing! Do not let Qin infantry get close! Hold the city gate!” A subordinate beside him hurriedly reported in panic, “Lord Chunping, all our arrows are useless against Great Qin. They have no effect at all. They’ve already started putting up ladders and climbing!” Lord Chunping was horrified. “What? That can’t be possible!” The thousands of arrows fired by Zhao’s soldiers had accomplished nothing. “What is that?” The Zhao soldiers stared blankly. “Shields?” “That’s right.” The hundreds of thousands of arrows shot by Zhao were all blocked by Great Qin’s sturdy metal shields. Lord Chunping broke out in a cold sweat. Seeing this scene, he was seized by fear, because he now knew they could not win. There was simply no way to win. Now they could only wait for General Lian Po to arrive. The city walls were likely about to be destroyed. Then Lord Chunping grew confused. But why? With such crude shields, how could they still advance so easily? Standing below and looking up at him, Zhao Ji could not help but mock him. “Lord Chunping, it seems you’re very curious, but unfortunately, you will never understand it in this lifetime.” Holding a bow in his hand, Zhao Ji rode calmly forward on his warhorse into the city’s approach. He ordered all the troops, “The entire army is to center on this general and combine all of its momentum and strength into one body. Though the shields are heavy, they are not borne by the strength of one man alone, but by the power of our entire army.” Looking impressively composed, Zhao Ji raised his bow and aimed at Lord Chunping. He drew a single bow, yet several arrows flew out at once. Zhao Ji’s divine bow was truly miraculous, great currents of lightning coursing through every arrow. At that very moment, the system announced: acquired tenth level of the Postnatal Realm. Attribute power: from one draw of a single bow, as many as ten arrows can be fired. They shot forward in a blur, the arrows carrying divine lightning power as they split in different directions and bombarded the city wall. The force of the divine arrows gathered into one mass and slammed straight into the city gate. The Zhao soldiers behind it were blasted backward and thrown in all directions, while earth and stone shattered and flew everywhere. The arrow technique was flawless, the arrow force devastating, and the soldiers hurled away cried out in agony. Inside the city, Lord Chunping urgently ordered the troops, “Quick, move! The fire-oil catapults! We absolutely cannot let the Qin army break the city!” One of his subordinates, deeply worried, hurriedly reported, “General Chunping, the city has already been breached! Our walls have been smashed by countless flaming arrows. The city really has been broken!” The news struck Lord Chunping like a bolt from the blue, and he cried out in despair, “What?” While he was still bewildered and searching for an answer, two divine arrows suddenly shot straight toward his head. He stood there, motionless, staring blankly. Before anyone could save him, Lord Chunping was helplessly pierced through by Zhao Ji’s arrows. He was blasted backward into the wall, crying out weakly in pain and terror. His soldiers were all frightened by the sight, each of them calling out loudly, “Lord Chunping!” At that moment, Lord Chunping coughed up fresh blood, pinned painfully against the wall. His subordinates surrounded him and tried to encourage him. “Lord Chunping, you must hold on. Whether Handan can be defended depends on you.” Then the group began whispering among themselves. “How can such a thing exist in this world? How can there be such terrifying power?” “It’s Supreme General Zhao Ji.” Zhao Ji sat majestically on his warhorse, looking toward the dying Lord Chunping. In pain, Lord Chunping exhausted all his strength to shout at Zhao Ji, “Zhao Ji, your appearance has brought the collapse of Zhao. But what exactly are you... man or ghost?” Lord Chunping had finally exhausted all his strength. He breathed his last and collapsed against the city wall. Thus ended the life of Zhao’s crown prince. The moment Lord Chunping died, the subordinates beside him cried out in grief and panic. Or rather, they were terrified for their own fate. “Heavens, Lord Chunping is dead! We’re probably finished too!” Another soldier also shouted in fear, “The city gate has been broken too! Great Qin’s army will enter the city very soon. We can’t hold on anymore. Hurry and report to Longtai Palace!” Seeing Lord Chunping dead, Tu Sui and Zhang Han were both stunned and filled with admiration for Zhao Ji’s godlike strength. “I never imagined our lord’s power had already reached such a profound level. Just by shooting arrows, he destroyed the city gate, and with only two arrows he killed the enemy commander.” Zhang Han was likewise deeply shocked. “With our lord’s terrifying strength, how long will it take before we can ever reach that level?” Hearing his two subordinates admire him so much, Zhao Ji merely smiled and replied, “The martial path can lead to immortality, so this little bit of power is nothing. Why be so astonished? By the way, Zhang Han, have the three treasures of our cavalry all been prepared?” Zhang Han quickly reported, “Reporting to Master, our cavalry has already been fully equipped with saddles, stirrups, and horseshoes.” Looking ahead, Master said, “With these three treasures, our cavalry’s strategy will by no means be inferior to Zhao’s mounted archery.” Zhao Ji was very satisfied after hearing this. “Very good. Send a cavalry unit to hunt down the King of Zhao. I think he will take advantage of the chaos to flee Handan. All remaining soldiers of Great Qin are to follow me into the city at once. Any Zhao soldiers we encounter on the way who do not surrender—kill them.” Immediately afterward, Zhao Ji rode his warhorse forward, sword in hand, leading the army into Zhao’s city. Behind him, General Tu Sui shouted loudly to stir the army’s morale, “Elite soldiers of Great Qin! Our general’s divine might has broken the city and slain its commander with ten arrows. Follow the general into Handan and seize Longtai Palace!” Very quickly, Zhao Ji’s elite army charged up to Handan’s city gate. The guards there were swiftly cut down. A moment later, one soldier raised his sword high and shouted to the troops, “The soldiers of Longtai Palace are right ahead! Kill!” The moment he finished speaking, a blade flashed like lightning, and the man holding the sword was cut clean across. Beneath the shadow of a warhorse, a stranger slowly appeared, causing all the soldiers of Great Qin to freeze in shock. Zhao Ji slowly approached and asked, “Who are you?” At the same time, Zhao Ji thought to himself in puzzlement, Could there still be such a valiant general left in Handan? This man was none other than Zhao She. He appeared in a blaze of courage and boldly introduced himself. “I am General Zhao She of Zhao. As long as this old man stands here today, do not dream of taking one more step into Handan.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji calmly replied, “So you are the father of Zhao Kuo, the one who only knew warfare on paper. Back then, when Zhao Kuo was still young and full of vigor, he was cut down by Great Qin’s Lord Wu’an at Changping. And now that you are old, you still want to stop Great Qin’s cavalry? Old General, I respect your loyalty and righteousness. Why not surrender?” Zhao She angrily retorted, “How outrageous! Great Zhao is in peril today. Even if I die fighting violent Qin, so what?” Then Zhao She raised his sword high and inspired his soldiers. “I, Zhao She, swear to die before surrendering. Men of Zhao, are you willing to risk your lives with me against violent Qin?” The soldiers responded with one heart, “Fight! Fight! Kill! Kill! We swear to die before surrendering!” The moment he finished speaking, Zhao’s soldiers, following Zhao She’s command, rushed forward together to attack Zhao Ji’s elite troops. Seeing this, Zhao Ji also raised his hand and declared before Great Qin, “Zhao’s soldiers are Qin’s enemies. I have my reasons. In that case, I will grant your wish.” The instant Zhao She and his soldiers charged in, Great Qin’s troops arranged their formation and opened fire with their bows. Amid the rain of arrows, Zhao She’s soldiers were struck and fell like cut wheat. Zhao She, however, still rode his warhorse at full speed straight toward Zhao Ji, shouting, “Zhao Ji, I have come to take your dog life!” As he rushed toward Zhao Ji, Zhao She’s warhorse suddenly reared and stopped, blocked by three of Zhao Ji’s soldiers who thrust their spears out in front of it. One soldier then fiercely drove his spear straight into Zhao She’s body. Zhao She was struck and spat out fresh blood as he collapsed. Both horse and rider were stabbed down by Zhao Ji’s soldiers and fell to the ground, blood pooling everywhere. Zhao Ji watched calmly and sighed. “Ah, what a pity. If you had been generals and soldiers of Great Qin, that would have been excellent. But an enemy is still an enemy.” After that, Zhao Ji ordered the troops, “Pass on the command. All soldiers are to advance into Longtai Palace.” At the same time, in the palace of Zhao Yan, Zhang Han reported to Zhao Ji, “Reporting to General Zhao, that turtle Zhao Yan fled as soon as the city gate was broken. The ministers have all run off as well. The cavalry we sent to intercept them was still one step too late.” Zhang Han dragged over the Crown Prince of Zhao, pinned him underfoot, and continued speaking to Zhao Ji. “But it seems they fled in such a hurry that they left this crown prince behind. We may be able to use him to lure Zhao Yan out.” Looking at the weak crown prince sprawled face-down on the ground under Zhang Han’s foot, Zhao Ji asked, “He is the crown prince? Are you Zhao Jia or Zhao Tian?” The crown prince was terrified, but he still raised his voice and tried to threaten them. I... I am Zhao Jia, Crown Prince of Zhao. If Qin wants to kill me, then kill me. But don't even think about using me to threaten my royal father. Zhao Ji only threw back his head and laughed mockingly. "Hahaha! No wonder you were left behind. So you're Zhao Jia, the Zhao Crown Prince." Then Zhao Ji ordered Zhang Han, "Take him away. He's just a useless cripple. He can't be used to threaten the King of Zhao." Zhang Han asked blankly, "Isn't he the crown prince?" Zhao Ji replied calmly, "The King of Zhao fled, and even our cavalry couldn't catch up to him. That shows he had plenty of time. This Zhao Jia may be the crown prince, but he isn't favored. Otherwise, why would he have been left behind here?" "The one truly favored is Zhao Tian, the son born to the King of Zhao and a dancing girl. I would bet that when he fled, he took that mother and son pair with him. Meanwhile, he left behind the legitimate crown prince like you as a shield. I can see that though you're young, you carry yourself with royal bearing. Unfortunately, you're only an abandoned son. Zhao has no shortage of loyal ministers and capable generals, yet the King of Zhao trusts only Guo Kai. How could Zhao ever know peace with such a foolish ruler?" Tu Sui voiced his concern. "If that's the case, then this time our army has only managed to break through Handan. The King of Zhao escaped, the ministers escaped too, and it doesn't seem like Zhao has suffered much real damage." But Zhao Ji remained quite calm as he reassured him. "The capital of a state has been breached. Our army has already entered Zhao territory, and the people's hearts had long since fallen apart. How can you say no real damage was done?" He then leisurely continued explaining to Tu Sui, "Zhao is now in great chaos. This is the best possible foundation for His Majesty to completely conquer Zhao. Immediately send word back to Xianyang that we have taken Handan. As for what comes next, that depends on the Great King's decision." "Yes, yes." Tu Sui obeyed. After that, Zhao Ji issued another order to Zhang Han. In a stern tone, he said, "Seal off the entire city of Handan. No one is allowed to leave. Anyone who disobeys will be executed." Zhang Han asked in confusion, "But the King of Zhao and the officials in the city have already fled. Do we still need to lock it down?" Zhao Ji looked at him as if to say, how do you still not understand? "Those high-ranking officials with power and influence may have run away, but their families are still here. Especially the families of Lian Po and Li Mu. Keep a very close watch on them. Do you understand now?" It was as if enlightenment struck Zhang Han. "So that's it. My lord is wise. This subordinate will do it at once." After Zhang Han left, Zhao Ji spoke again and laid out his intentions. "Handan is temporarily stable. Instruct the soldiers not to kill innocent people. But if anyone resists, then show no mercy. Also, the troops have been fighting for many days. Let them rest well. There is a good chance another major battle is coming soon." Tu Sui blinked in confusion. "My lord means...?" Zhao Ji answered sternly, "The King of Zhao has fled. He will definitely ask Lian Po for help. When that happens, he will use every ounce of strength he has to retake Handan." "That Great General Who Guards the State won't be easy to deal with." Tu Sui nodded as well. "As expected, the King of Zhao escaping will surely leave future trouble." Zhao Ji continued, "The King of Zhao not dying may not necessarily be a bad thing." "Think about it. If he were dead and Lian Po and Li Mu took power, what then? Compared to those two talented officials, a foolish ruler is far easier to deal with." After that, Zhao Ji ordered Tu Sui, "You may withdraw. I want to rest. Without my command, no one is allowed in." "Understood," Tu Sui said and departed. Once no one else remained, Zhao Ji called out to the system, "System, settle my enemy-kill experience points." The system promptly displayed the information. "Request from host received. In the battle for Jiezhang, host has killed a total of 40,532 enemies. Host has obtained 10,133 experience points. Congratulations. Host has slain an enemy general and received one vial of Minor Returning Pill." "Host has now met the conditions for leveling up. Does the host wish to level up?" Zhao Ji was delighted. "I can level up again? Advance to the Xiantian Realm. Level up immediately." The system announced, "Command received. The host will now level up immediately." Zhao Ji's body began to transform. He entered the state of martial advancement. The space and power around him became dazzling, surging with immense force. Zhao Ji's whole body burned hot, his eyes blazing brightly as he prepared for the breakthrough. This was unlike the previous times. All the power inside him was growing madly, while chains seemed to bind his body. Even a heavenly dragon that appeared was bound by the chains. Zhao Ji sat cross-legged, focusing with all his might on his inner force and physical strength. Countless streams of energy gathered together and kept rising higher and higher. It was like a dragon trapped inside his body, unable to find a way out. If this continued, his body would shatter to pieces. He couldn't endure this power. At that very moment, the system displayed a timely message. "After advancing to the Xiantian Realm, proper control of power must be paired with a corresponding cultivation method. Does the host wish to cultivate the Tianyuan Technique to transform the power within the body into true qi?" Zhao Ji answered at once, "I'll cultivate it." The system responded, "Command received. The Tianyuan Divine Art will now be prepared for the host." The torrent of power still surged through Zhao Ji's body. But now, things no longer felt as difficult as before. First layer of the Tianyuan Divine Art. The power within his body was still rising, but everything had already returned to normal. The chains that had wrapped around Zhao Ji began to break apart one by one. The true qi surrounding him gathered together and condensed into a golden core inside his body. The Xiantian Realm opened the dantian, allowing it to contain true qi. Only then could one truly step into the realm of martial cultivation. Zhao Ji slowly opened his eyes. Within his divine sense, his dantian and qi sea had already taken shape. He raised a hand and circulated true qi, then sighed in admiration. "My meridians flow freely, and I can control this power at will. So this is what the Xiantian Realm feels like? And right now I've only cultivated the most basic technique, the first layer of the Tianyuan Divine Art. I just don't know how great its power is." To find out, Zhao Ji tried condensing his true qi into an attack. Then Zhao Ji hurled the move up toward the ceiling, and in an instant the roof tiles shattered. A huge hole appeared. Zhao Ji looked at it and couldn't help but marvel. "The power of the Xiantian Realm truly isn't something the Houtian Realm can compare to. At the very least, it's five times stronger." The system sounded once more. "Congratulations, host. You have successfully advanced to Level 11. After reaching the first stage of the Xiantian Realm, the host may gain experience through killing enemies while also cultivating personally to increase true qi." After reading that, Zhao Ji immediately said, "System, check my attribute panel." The system obeyed. The status screen appeared: Character: Zhao Ji Level: Level 11, First Layer of the Xiantian Realm Physical Strength: 2000 True Qi: 1000 Cultivation Methods: Perfected Basic Internal Art; Tianyuan Divine Art — vigorous life force, able to restore true qi Martial Skills: Perfected Basic Swordsmanship — a single slash releases invisible sword qi; Yellow-rank Mid-grade Martial Skill Fierce Tiger Fist — one strike can gather ten times the strength of the whole body; Profound-rank Divine Archery — complete mastery, able to shoot arrows three hundred zhang, and fire ten arrows in succession carrying fierce xiantian qi Weapons: Tyrant Overlord Bow, Crimson Steel Sword, Protective Armor, Ten-stone Bow, magic treasure Traits possessed: General's Heart; Commander-in-Chief Authority — no subordinate under his command dares fail to revere him Experience required for next level: 20,000 Zhao Ji frowned and rubbed his chin in thought. "I've only just entered the Xiantian Realm, and my strength has already multiplied several times over. But the experience needed to level up has also greatly increased. Even though this is an age where heroes emerge in abundance, in the end it is still only a mortal world. Judging by the system's point changes and the requirements for leveling up, even if I were to slaughter all living beings, I still might not reach the realm of eternal life, much less become a god. If that's the case, could there really be another world that belongs to cultivators? And could I one day shatter the void and enter it?" After thinking for a while, Zhao Ji could only let out a sigh. "In the end, that kind of thinking is still too fanciful. Even if such a world really exists, I can't reach it now. Becoming stronger is the proper path." The system panel displayed another question. "Host has reached Level 11 and broken through to the Xiantian Realm. Does the host wish to activate a corresponding profession mission?" Zhao Ji couldn't help asking in puzzlement, "What is a corresponding profession?" The system immediately explained, "This system includes a series of associated professions, such as artifact refining, pill refining, formations, beast taming, inscription carving, and forging, all of which may be provided to the host. The host is now in the Xiantian Realm and may choose one associated profession to activate its mission." Zhao Ji's face filled with interest. "So after advancing from the Houtian Realm to the Xiantian Realm, I can choose a profession? Then does that mean every time I reach a new cultivation level, I can choose another one? Now that's interesting." At that moment, five option panels appeared before him: inscriptions, formations, alchemy, divine beasts, and artifact refining. After hesitating for a while, Zhao Ji decided, to select the beast-taming panel. Countless beast souls appeared, accompanied by the system's voice. "Command from host received. Activating the expansion mission for the beast-taming profession. Destroy Zhao. Destroy the King of Zhao. Upon completion of the mission, the profession may be initiated." A tiger-shaped beast-taming mark was instantly imprinted onto Zhao Ji's body. Sitting on his mount, Zhao Ji sank into thought. "The key point now is to wait and see how Ying Zheng has arranged things. The battle report from Nanyang should already have reached Xianyang and Hangu Pass. But they still have no idea that I've already captured Handan. What happens next depends on whether Ying Zheng and I are of one mind." At Hangu Pass, on the Qin-Zhao border, inside Wang Jian's military camp, a triumphant laugh rang out. "Good, very good!" General Wang Jian sat at the table reading the bamboo dispatch and could not help praising that youngster Zhao Ji. "This boy truly is a blessing Heaven has bestowed upon Great Qin. That old fellow Pang Nuan is dead. The Battle of Nanyang is simply too satisfying." Wang Ben, the son of General Wang Jian, also slapped the table and exclaimed, "Exactly! His Majesty has already issued a royal decree ordering Huan Yi to lead three hundred thousand troops from Lantian eastward to the Zhao border. Our army at Hangu Pass will move in coordination with them. The outcome of Great Qin destroying Zhao is already clear." Another general also offered his opinion. "We have guarded the border for many years, waiting only for the chance to strike Zhao. Now at last we can send out our troops." General Wang Ben saw that General Li Xin's expression was not good and asked, "Brother Li Xin, what's wrong? Your expression seems a little strange." Hearing that, General Li replied, "This subordinate only has one doubt." General Wang Jian gestured. "Speak." General Li rose to his feet, cupped his hands respectfully, and bowed his head. "Supreme General, after the great victory at Nanyang, His Majesty had once sent word that General Zhao Ji was to send troops to attack Zhao. Once Hangu and Lantian combine their forces to strike Zhao, if General Zhao Ji can also join forces from the north, we will surely win. But if Zhao Ji does not join us, I fear the Zhao army may still manage to drag things out and survive." General Wang Jian heard this line of reasoning and somewhat agreed. "That is indeed true. But the royal edict did not mention any assignment for Zhao Ji. And although officials at court submitted proposals to His Majesty, His Majesty still did not send anyone to the Zhao-Han border to issue a decree." Hearing that, Li Xin asked in confusion, "What does His Majesty mean by doing that?" General Wang Jian considered the situation and began to analyze it. "From Xianyang to the frontier, it takes at least seven or eight days. By the time a decree arrived, the best opportunity would already have been missed. Perhaps His Majesty trusts that Zhao Ji will know how to seize the key moment, and that's why he did not send an edict." General Li Xin continued, "But can Zhao Ji really seize this chance to march?" Supreme General Wang did not answer directly. Instead, he posed a question in return. "If you were Zhao Ji, seeing the war situation as it is, and having received no decree, would you send troops?" General Wang Ben immediately answered, "Probably yes. But I would most likely use this opportunity to attack Wei. Wei is weaker, and it is also closer to the Han border, so the odds of victory would be greater." General Li Xin also voiced his concern. "If Zhao Ji were to lead troops to attack Wei, and our forces withdrew from Hangu Pass, then what if Lian Po took advantage of that and harassed the frontier?" Wang Ben added, "That's true, Father Commander. We cannot gamble with the safety of the border." At this point, General Wang Jian stood up and gave his order. "From Zhao Ji's position, attacking Wei would indeed be the superior strategy. Is Great Qin really going to lose this best opportunity to destroy Zhao just like that? All officers and soldiers, hear my command!" The generals all stood up and cupped their hands, awaiting the orders to come. Supreme General Wang turned around, slammed his hand onto the table, and declared in a ringing voice, "Transmit my order. We march to destroy Zhao!" Hearing this, Wang Ben could not help asking in shock, "Father, are you really going to gamble?" General Wang Jian clenched his fist, his eyes full of resolve. "This is not a gamble. I trust Zhao Ji, and I also trust His Majesty's judgment." After hearing him say that, the other officers all expressed themselves with one heart. "This subordinate is indeed worried, but since the Supreme General believes, then this subordinate will also believe in Zhao Ji and believe in His Majesty. This subordinate is likewise willing to obey the Supreme General. General Zhao has achieved battle merit time and again. His vision must surely be different from ours. He will definitely be able to seize this opportunity." Just then, a soldier hurried forward to report, "Report! Supreme General, there is unusual movement in the Zhao camp." On hearing the report, General Wang Jian was secretly delighted. "Movement in the Zhao camp at a time like this? Excellent. Whether my judgment is correct or not depends on what that old fellow Lian Po is doing." He quickly ordered, "Report at once." The soldier said, "General, today the sounds of drilling in the Zhao camp were very faint, so your subordinates went closer to investigate." "We discovered that only a little over a thousand men remain in the Zhao camp. The main force has already withdrawn with Lian Po." General Wang Jian laughed in delight. "Just as I expected. Generals, what do you all think?" All the officers showed joy on their faces. General Wang Ben gave his opinion. "This was only a smokescreen from the Zhao camp. That old fox Lian Po withdrawing his troops means something major must have happened in Zhao." "Zhao Ji has broken through Handan. Hangu Pass can now march out without worry." General Wang Jian repeatedly praised Zhao Ji. "He truly did not disappoint expectations, and has brought Great Qin such a fine opportunity to destroy Zhao. If I, Wang Jian, do not seize it, then that would be laughable. Move out at once!" Under the order, the army immediately gathered its forces and prepared to advance. As commander, General Wang Jian sat astride his warhorse, deep in thought. "The first merit in destroying Zhao has already been snatched away by Zhao Ji. This second one—our Hangu army cannot possibly yield it to Huan Yi." Elsewhere, Huan Yi, who had just been mentioned, suddenly sneezed. A nearby officer asked with concern, "General, we've been marching for many days. Are you feeling unwell?" General Huan Yi immediately retorted, "Unwell, my ass. It must be Wang Jian and Meng Wu cursing me behind my back. Pass down the order to increase our marching speed! This time, in destroying Zhao, I may lose to Zhao Ji, but I absolutely cannot lose to those two old fellows Wang Jian and Meng Wu." Returning to Zhao Ji's encampment, he planted a flag onto the miniature terrain map and said, "As long as Hangu Pass and Lantian march at the same time, Zhao's main force will be trapped inside." "At that point, Zhao will have no road of retreat left." Tu Sui said, "This attack on Zhao is something all sides are well aware of. We can only hope His Majesty understands the General's intentions. Otherwise, we will become a lone army." Zhao Ji laughed at that and commented, "The fact that you can see that layer of meaning means you've made great progress." At that moment, Li Qing walked in, dropped to one knee, and reported, "General, someone has arrived from Xianyang. He says he has brought a royal decree of appointment." When Zhang Han heard this, he was overjoyed. "We haven't even had time to report our deep advance into Zhao territory, and the royal decree has already arrived. His Majesty and the General truly are in perfect accord. I was overthinking things." Zhao Ji added, "Judging by the timing, Zhao's main force should already be close to Handan. The person sent at this moment must be someone Ying Zheng deeply trusts. Who has come to deliver the message?" Li Qing replied, "It is Ren Xiao, one of His Majesty's close guards." Upon hearing this, Zhao Ji called out loudly, "Ren Xiao! Come in at once!" Inwardly, he thought, Ren Xiao—at this point he may not yet have much fame, but after the unification of the six states, Ying Zheng sent him to Lingnan and Baiyue. Ying Zheng, Ying Zheng, if you send such a fierce general to my side, don't even think of taking him back. Ren Xiao accepted the summons and strode in heroically. He opened the decree and read aloud in a resonant voice, "By decree of the King of Qin: Zhao Ji, commanding general defending Han, has rendered great merit in the Battle of Nanyang, bringing glory to Great Qin. He is hereby promoted by two noble ranks to Shaojiang, and raised one official rank to the post of General. In addition, the army under Zhao Ji's command may now be expanded to three hundred thousand men. As for meritorious officers within the army, Zhao Qing may assess their merits and promote them accordingly." All major military affairs may be handled at your own discretion. I grant you full power over life and death within the army. Zhao Ji rose and received the decree. Ren Xiao immediately said, “Congratulations, General Zhao. In all of Great Qin, you are the only one so young to have already risen to the post of Great General.” Zhang Han quickly cut in, “Isn’t that because our general earned military merit with his own hands? It is only natural for him to win the Great King’s trust.” Hearing this, Ren Xiao’s expression turned somewhat troubled as he admitted, “That is true. The general goes to war and slays the enemy, risking his life for the state in exchange for the glory he now bears. Everyone admires and respects that. Unlike this lowly officer, who only serves as deputy commander of the imperial guards, walking about the palace all day, with no chance to see the battlefield, wasting the name of a soldier.” Hearing that, Zhao Ji could not help but think that Ren Xiao was no fish trapped in a pond. How could such a talented general be content to remain in the depths of the palace forever? But if he waited until Ren Xiao made his own appearance, it would still be another ten years. He might as well give him that opportunity now. After thinking it over, Zhao Ji spoke at once, “So General Ren is also a hot-blooded man. The main forces of Zhao are about to return and attack Handan. General Ren, are you willing to remain under my command and devote yourself wholeheartedly to Great Qin?” Ren Xiao immediately dropped to one knee and cupped his hands, declaring firmly, “His Majesty is on the verge of unifying all under Heaven. As a soldier of Great Qin, I naturally wish to kill the enemy and win merit for Qin as well. If I can follow General Zhao, it will be my great honor. I swear to repay it with my life.” Zhao Ji was extremely satisfied and said briskly, “Good. I have been entrusted by the Great King and elevated to the authority of Great General, with the army expanded to three hundred thousand. Tu Sui, Zhang Han, Ren Xiao, hear my order. Each of you will command one hundred thousand men, be raised by two noble ranks, and garrison Handan.” Having been so highly valued, Ren Xiao was deeply moved and swore, “Many thanks, General, for promoting this subordinate. I will certainly not fail your expectations.” Zhao Ji then ordered, “Withdraw and make your arrangements. I believe Lian Po’s army will arrive soon.” The three of them departed one after another. Once outside, all of them began discussing the matter in delight. Tu Sui said, “We’ve become commanders of a hundred thousand men. Who would have thought that just two years ago, we were only leading five thousand?” Zhang Han added, “If not for the general, who knows how many more years we would have had to struggle before reaching our current positions?” Ren Xiao also said, “This time, when we fight the Zhao army, we must win new merit. We cannot disappoint the general.” At that moment, Zhao Ji was alone in his room and summoned the system. “System, calculate the rewards for my increase in noble rank and official promotion.” The system promptly replied, “Command from host received.” “Beginning reward calculation. Congratulations, host, on advancing in noble rank to You Geng. Reward: mid-grade Profound-tier cultivation method, Martial Slaughter Canon. Congratulations, host, on advancing in noble rank to Shao Shangzao. Reward: repeating crossbow construction blueprint. Congratulations, host, on being promoted to Great General. Reward: high-grade spirit beast egg, Blood Tiger. It contains a trace of the slaughter bloodline of the divine beast White Tiger, carrying terrifying killing intent. Tiger might shakes the heavens. The Blood Tiger feeds on murderous aura. Taking murderous aura as food can increase its growth speed—” After reading the reward list, Zhao Ji raised a hand to his chin and commented, “Not bad at all. It seems the higher the noble rank and military office, the better the rewards. I already have the Tianyuan Divine Art. This Martial Slaughter Canon is extremely suitable for training soldiers in martial arts; I can pass it on to Tu Sui and the others later. The repeating crossbow technology is far more advanced than anything in this era, and it can work perfectly with Shadow Strike.” He then looked at the spirit beast egg on the screen and thought, “This Blood Tiger—if I use a tiger as a mount, then its roar will be a natural counter against enemy cavalry. It feeds on killing aura, blood aura—it is perfectly suited to the battlefield.” Zhao Ji immediately ordered the system to hatch the egg at once. “Spirit beast egg has received the host’s hatching command.” “The spirit beast egg requires the host’s fresh blood for nourishment. A contract with the spirit beast has now been completed. After recognition of its master is complete, the system will automatically open a spirit pet space to house the beast.” The spirit beast egg immediately swelled larger before Zhao Ji, making his eyes widen in surprise. “It’s already half the size of a normal tiger just after hatching. And here I was thinking I could use a tiger cub as a mount.” Zhao Ji drew his sword and sliced a line across his palm. Letting his blood drip onto the egg, he ordered, “From today onward, you are my mount. Come out and let me see what you look like.” The egg immediately cracked open, and several rays of light emerged from the fissures. The half-born creature inside began to hatch. The light coming from the egg grew even fiercer. “Congratulations, host, on successfully signing a contract with a level-one tiger.” A Blood Tiger slowly stepped out from within the egg, letting out powerful roars. Zhao Ji looked at it and could not help sighing in admiration, “As expected of a spirit beast. It really is overbearing.” The moment he finished speaking, the tiger’s domineering appearance vanished at once, replaced by something that looked no different from a kitten. Zhao Ji stared at it in shock. “Why did the scene suddenly change?” The newborn Blood Tiger lay obediently on the floor, allowing Zhao Ji to rub and stroke its fur. Looking at it, Zhao Ji laughed and said, “This proves you recognize me as your master too. Be good. From now on, I’ll call you Blood Tiger. But on the battlefield, no acting cute—you have to perform well.” Zhao Ji played with it for a while. A little later, someone came to report, “General, traces of the Zhao army have been found within ten li outside the city. At most, in one shichen, the Zhao army will reach Handan. General Tu invites you to the city wall to observe.” Hearing that, Zhao Ji gestured and said, “I understand.” From atop the walls, they could see in the distance the army of Zhao charging toward them at great speed. At the head of that army was old Lian Po, Zhao’s general. After observing for a moment, Tu Sui said, “Two hundred fifty thousand troops. Lian Po has brought all his forces here.” Zhang Han also laughed and replied, “With a formation this huge, they clearly want to break our city. This time, even if Zhao doesn’t collapse, it will become a laughingstock to the other states.” Just then, two Qin soldiers came running over in panic, shouting, “Help! Save us! The tiger is here!” General Tu Sui barked in alarm, “What? Are you still half asleep? Where would Handan get a tiger from?” The soldier immediately pointed in one direction. With a bewildered face, he answered, “General, it’s true. The Great General is riding a blood-red tiger this way. If you don’t believe me, look for yourself.” Tu Sui followed the direction being pointed at and looked over. At that moment, he too was stunned and confirmed, “It really... really is a tiger.” Zhao Ji rode the Blood Tiger over in an incomparably domineering and dashing manner. The soldiers nearby were so frightened that they scattered in all directions, crying out, “Save us! Save us!” Zhao Ji reined in the Blood Tiger and stopped it, stroking its head with one hand to soothe it. “Don’t be afraid. This is only my mount. It won’t hurt anyone. Today, get used to it. In the future, if you see it again, don’t panic. This is Blood Tiger, my mount. I brought it out so everyone in the army could see it first, to avoid everyone scattering in terror when it appears on the battlefield later. What is the situation with the Zhao army now?” Though still somewhat afraid, Tu Sui gathered his courage and reported, “Lian Po is commanding two hundred fifty thousand troops, already assembled below the city. Scouts report that King Zhao Qian is also in the army. But although the Zhao forces are beneath the walls, they show no intention of attacking. This subordinate truly does not understand.” Hearing that, Zhao Ji frowned and judged, “Lian Po has fought in countless campaigns. This move of his is meant to pressure our army before the siege, seizing the psychological advantage.” Zhang Han suddenly pointed below the city and informed him, “Great General, look! Someone is coming this way. Looking at that mount—it’s the commander’s war chariot. Could it be... Could it be Lian Po?” Standing atop the wall, Zhao Ji looked down and said, “That old general really has some nerve, coming here alone. He’s betting I won’t shoot him dead, is he?” Old Lian Po quickly responded, “When two armies are at war, envoys are not killed. Zhao Ji, boy, if you shoot an arrow at me, then just wait to be scorned by all under Heaven.” Seeing the Zhao general arrive, the Qin soldiers on the wall immediately drew their bows and aimed downward. Below, Lian Po sat alert on horseback and shouted loudly, “Qin troops on the walls, listen well!” “I am Great General Lian Po of Zhao. Qin general Zhao Ji—do you dare come down from the city and meet this general?” Standing atop the wall, Zhao Ji laughed boldly. “Hahaha! What is there to fear? Wait there. I’ll come down at once. Just hope you don’t run away.” Tu Sui, standing behind him, was somewhat worried and reminded him, “General, Lian Po has come alone. I fear this may be a trap. The two states are at war now, and Lian Po is Zhao’s only hope. Though it is said that in war one does not kill envoys, when interests are involved, if we kill Lian Po now, the Zhao army will surely fall into chaos. This would not be honorable and would stain the general’s reputation, so let me handle it instead.” Zhao Ji laughed and cut him off, “Haha, no. Shooting Lian Po dead now would indeed be easy, but then where would Great Qin’s standing be? The world does not contain only Zhao.” Zhao Ji’s words startled Tu Sui, striking a point he had not considered. Zhao Ji continued, “Moreover, I am the commanding general. If someone stands before my gates and challenges me, yet I do not dare go, then how can I command the troops? I would become a laughingstock and our morale would suffer even more. If I did as you said, then the Zhao army’s chances of victory would actually increase. That would mean falling right into Lian Po’s trap.” Lian Po gave a grave grunt. Zhao Ji mounted the mighty Blood Tiger and shouted, “Lian Po, this general comes down now. Blood Tiger, move!” As soon as he finished speaking, the Blood Tiger leaped down from the towering city wall. Above, Tu Sui looked somewhat ashamed. “The general sees much farther than I do. I nearly ruined things.” Beside him, Zhang Han draped an arm over his shoulder and laughed to comfort him. As soon as he finished speaking, the Blood Tiger immediately leaped down from the towering city wall. Above, Tu Sui felt somewhat ashamed: 'The general thinks far ahead; I almost ruined things.' Beside him, Zhang Han draped an arm over his shoulder and laughed as he comforted him. Ren Xiao looked at Zhao Ji’s figure with deep admiration in his heart. “As expected, I did not choose the wrong man.” Seeing a huge strange beast come plunging straight toward him, Lian Po was aghast. “What is that?” The Blood Tiger’s claws slammed heavily onto the ground. It bared its razor-sharp fangs and claws. Zhao Ji rode forward on the majestic Blood Tiger. Lian Po and even his horses were frightened. Zhao Ji laughed and said, “Lian Po, you wanted to see me?” Lian Po’s heart was full of doubt. A Blood Tiger? Zhao Ji had actually managed to tame such a ferocious beast. He then said, “Zhao Ji, commander of Handan—I have long heard of your name. I suppose I should be calling you Great General now.” “The younger generation is indeed formidable.” Facing him, Zhao Ji replied, “General Lian, you called me down from the city—surely not just to flatter me? Or is it that you want me to surrender?” Lian Po gave a cold snort and said, “Your life won’t last much longer, yet you still have the mood to boast there?” He then shouted, “Zhao Ji, my two hundred forty thousand troops have already surrounded Handan. To the north, another hundred thousand-plus men are returning as reinforcements. You may have taken my capital, but you’ve also become a trapped beast. If you do not wish to die, then open the gates and surrender at once.” Zhao Ji smiled and replied, “General Lian truly is merciful. Fine, fine. But surrender is not something one man alone can decide. We’ll have to ask whether the Qin soldiers in the city agree first.” As he spoke, he glanced behind him at Tu Sui, Zhang Han, and the generals and soldiers standing within the city. They looked outward and laughed mockingly. Then the city gates closed once more. Zhao Ji smiled and said, “Looks like they do not agree.” Lian Po’s heart stirred. An army’s spirit directed by a single man, and with morale this high—even when surrounded on all sides. No wonder Pang Nuan had died at his hands. Terrifying, truly terrifying. No, I must not let myself fall into disorder first. Grinding his teeth, he shouted, “Obstinate resistance will only lead to death. Under the encirclement of my Zhao army, taking Handan is merely a matter of time.” Zhao Ji curled his lips in a smile. “The one being stubborn is you. Do you even have the time?” He then shouted sharply, “Lian Po, put away your schemes. I came down from the city to tell you this: do not dream of shaking the morale of my army. If you withdraw your forces from the border, then Great Qin’s General Wang Jian will certainly seize Zhao territory. And Li Mu will need at least twenty days to get here. If you cannot break Handan within ten days, then you will be encircled and wiped out by my Great Qin army.” Lian Po’s expression changed instantly, sweat breaking out across his face. Zhao Ji continued, “The one who ought to surrender is you. If you refuse, then I will kill without mercy.” All the Great Qin soldiers atop the city gates immediately roared in support of Zhao Ji’s words. Zhao Ji gave a soft exclamation and continued, “Oh, right, General Lian. Although you know I practice martial arts, you probably don’t know I also possess a bit of literary talent.” “With some idle time on my hands, I wrote a poem for your Zhao state. Please give it your appraisal.” Lian Po stared at him blankly, somewhat bewildered and unable to understand. Zhao Ji lowered his eyes. His powerful voice rang across the city gates as he began to recite, “When the capital falls, the state is doomed. The King of Zhao flees far away to save himself. Zhao ministers panic and scramble for clothes.” “How laughable, how pitiful—what a sorrowful lament.” Lian Po’s expression changed drastically after hearing the poem. He immediately urged his horse around and galloped back, while behind him the poem continued to echo again and again: “When the capital falls, the state is doomed.” “The King of Zhao flees far away to save himself. Zhao ministers panic and scramble for clothes. How laughable, how pitiful—what a sorrowful lament.” Zhao Ji’s voice rang out loudly, “Lian Po, surrender! Laboring so hard for Zhao is not worth it!” Ignoring Zhao Ji’s attempts to persuade him, Lian Po rode straight back without the slightest glance over his shoulder. All the Qin soldiers atop the gates shouted in unison, “When the capital falls, the state is doomed. The King of Zhao flees far away to save himself. Zhao ministers panic and scramble for clothes. How laughable, how pitiful—what a sorrowful lament.” The momentum of the Qin army was truly terrifying. Enraged, King Zhao smashed his wine cup to the ground. After hearing the report, he roared, “The Qin army has gone too far in pressing this king! That Zhao Ji actually dares—actually dares! Once this king returns to Handan, I will personally cut out his tongue!” The Chancellor of Zhao, pale-faced and flustered, said, “Your Majesty, please calm your anger. The Qin army numbers only a little over ten thousand men now.” “They only know how to flap their mouths.” Just then, a soldier suddenly rushed into the hall and reported, “Your Majesty, the Great General has returned.” Zhao Qian turned around and saw Lian Po entering in dejection. He immediately strode before Lian Po and shouted, “Lian Po! You went below the city, and yet allowed Zhao Ji to insult this king like that? Why didn’t you kill him?” The chancellor behind Zhao Qian also chimed in, “Exactly. I said long ago that we could have feinted, then secretly fired arrows and taken Zhao Ji’s life, but you refused. Now the chance is lost, and on top of that Your Majesty has been humiliated. Are you still worthy of being Great General? Where have you placed the honor of our Zhao state?” Lian Po could no longer endure it and shouted furiously, “Enough! Hasn’t Zhao already suffered enough humiliation?” Those words made the chancellor’s expression change. Lian Po continued, “As for intrigue and scheming, this general is indeed not equal to the likes of you. But when it comes to warfare and battle, if you do not understand it, then shut your mouths. If we can break the city within five days, Zhao may still have a sliver of hope to survive. The generals will fight to the death for Zhao.” All the generals behind him immediately cupped their hands in unison. “We will all obey the Great General’s command.” “Good.” Once the strategy was settled, Lian Po led the army to attack Handan. Riding in his chariot at the head of the force, he brandished his sword and shouted, “Attack!” From atop the walls came the cry, “Prepare to defend!” Zhang Han cupped his hands behind Zhao Ji and said, “General, the Zhao army has begun its attack. How should we respond?” Zhao Ji folded his arms and said only two words: “Hold fast.” Three days later, at Handan, corpses were piled everywhere and the fires of war filled the air. The Zhao army had suffered countless dead and wounded. A soldier knelt beside Lian Po’s chariot and reported, “Great General, this latest assault on the city has failed again. Our army has already lost more than seven thousand men.” Lian Po’s face darkened. Grinding his teeth, he raged inwardly, Eight days already. If we still cannot break through today, then Wang Jian’s army will likely arrive soon. The soldier then said, “General, it would be better to withdraw to open ground and join forces with General Li Mu. That way, the strength of our Great Zhao can still be preserved.” Lian Po shouted back, “And how is that any different from handing over Zhao’s territory to the tyrannical Qin with our own hands? There is still one final way to turn the tide. It depends only on whether Heaven still blesses our Zhao.” The soldier’s eyes lit up at once. “Really, General? You have a clever plan? Excellent!” Lian Po muttered to himself, “This old man’s final move—let us see whether you can withstand it.” After thinking it through, he drew his sword, raised it high, and shouted, “Today is our Zhao state’s last chance to survive. Pass on my order—drive out the tyrannical Qin and retake Handan!” The Zhao soldiers immediately shouted in response, because this truly was their final chance. Atop the walls, under Zhang Han’s command, the Qin soldiers drew their bows and fired downward. Arrows rained down like a storm, while the Zhao soldiers below struggled to fend them off with shields. Everyone held hope of retaking Handan. The Zhao troops shouted in unison, “Kill! Drive out the tyrannical Qin and retake Handan!” “Kill!” Seeing the Zhao army’s momentum suddenly surge, Zhang Han turned to Zhao Ji and said, “My lord, the Zhao army’s morale is overwhelming. It is even stronger than that Zhao-Han allied army last time. If they continue defending and pressing like this, I fear we will suffer losses.” Zhao Ji folded his arms and calmly smiled. “With the capital captured and the state on the verge of ruin, it is only natural that at the end of the road they erupt with fighting spirit several times greater than usual. But this is merely the death struggle of the dying. We have played with them for eight days. It is time to end this.” Zhao Ji took up his bow, and the vital energy in his body surged mightily. Turning to his spirit beast, he smiled and said, “Blood Tiger, you should go as well.” “Eat your fill. We’ll be heading onto the battlefield in a moment.” The Blood Tiger bared its fangs at him in a friendly response. The Blood Tiger mainly fed on blood aura and corpse aura from the battlefield. For it, this war to destroy Zhao was a feast. With two bounding leaps, the Blood Tiger sprang onto the roof above the city gate. Zhao Ji shouted, “Cherish this well—this is Zhao’s final banquet of blood and flesh!” The Blood Tiger let out a fierce roar. “Blood Tiger—Blood Slaughter Devour!” It immediately began drawing in the corpse aura and blood aura from below. On the battlefield below, arrows and bolts were still raining down with thunderous force. Lian Po roared, “Kill! I, Lian Po, even if I die, will seize Handan back for the State of Zhao!” Each time an arrow struck down before him, a soldier behind him would immediately ride forward. He raised his shield to block it. “Be careful, General!” Turning, he said, “With the General leading from the front, our army’s morale has risen greatly. The soldiers charging the city fear no death.” Lian Po nodded at once. “Good. Their courage has risen. The warriors of Zhao do not care for their lives.” Without regard for life or death, they climbed ladders and scaled the city walls. Urgent shouts rang out from atop the walls. “Quick, quick, throw stones! We cannot let the Zhao army get onto the walls!” Huge boulders crashed down from above, blunting part of the Zhao army’s momentum. Lian Po roared out his order, “If Handan is not breached, we do not retreat! If I, Lian Po, die, then step over my corpse and continue the assault! Fight to the death and do not fall back!” Zhao Ji drew his mighty bow to its fullest. A ring of flaming arrows instantly surrounded him. Pointing the arrows toward the men below the city, Zhao Ji said coldly, “Lian Po, a famous general of a generation. What a pity.” As soon as he finished speaking, he loosed his arrow. All the arrows around him shot downward at once. The Zhao soldiers immediately raised their shields together. “It’s Zhao Ji’s city-breaking arrows! Protect the General!” But the Zhao army’s sturdy shields, just like the Zhao soldiers’ surging morale, could not stop the might of the arrows Zhao Ji had fired. One arrow after another stabbed straight into the earth, and the force they unleashed sent Zhao soldiers flying backward. Arrow after arrow struck, causing Zhao’s solid shields to shatter to pieces. What was bound to happen finally happened. One arrow pierced straight through Lian Po’s chest. Seeing this, the generals and soldiers of Zhao panicked at once. “General!” Lian Po collapsed onto his own war chariot. He looked up at the sky and thought, So this is the city-breaking arrow... the arrow Zhao Ji used to break open Handan’s gates? His reputation is indeed well deserved. Such divine strength surely cannot belong to an ordinary man. It is not unjust that this old man dies at your hands. But what is the strength of one man in a great war to be feared for? I will trade my life for the destruction of Qin’s army, in exchange for peace for Zhao. In his heart, Lian Po believed that his life could be exchanged for the hatred of Zhao’s soldiers. That was the final hope of igniting the army’s morale. Could this hatred win victory for Handan? The expressions of Zhao’s generals and soldiers changed drastically. “General! General is dead!” With tears in his eyes, one soldier shouted in grief and rage, “We cannot let General Lian Po die in vain! While the General lived, he gave the order that if he died, we were to step over his corpse and storm the city! Die, but do not retreat!” All the soldiers of Zhao shouted in unison, “Kill! Avenge the General! We swear to charge forward and fight Qin to the death!” Thousands of soldiers, burning with hatred and heedless of their lives, climbed up to assault the city. “Kill! Kill! Avenge the General!” From the rear, Zhang Han reported, “My lord, Lian Po is dead, but Zhao’s morale is only rising higher. If we continue to defend to the death, I fear we soon won’t be able to hold. Please lead the army out of the city.” Zhao Ji laughed and said, “Lian Po knew I had the power to break the city, yet he still chose to lead from the front. He had already prepared himself for death. He only wanted to exchange his life for the Zhao army’s meaningless resolve to live and die together. Only that way could Zhao find a sliver of hope in a dead end. However, Lian Po overlooked two things in his calculations.” He turned to the rear and continued, “Pass down the order. The infantry and cavalry are to stand ready. When this wave of Zhao troops retreats, I will open the gates and pursue them.” Zhang Han was stunned. “My lord means the Zhao army is about to retreat? But their momentum is still extremely fierce.” Tu Sui then asked, “My lord, please enlighten us. What exactly was Lian Po plotting?” Zhao Ji burst into laughter. “Hahaha! Of course, it’s Wang Jian’s marching speed. And there is another crucial point: the King of Zhao, Zhao Yan, is incompetent and useless.” In the palace, Zhao Yan had one arm around a beauty while slamming the table with the other. “What? Lian Po is dead?” The Chancellor bent over obsequiously and replied, “Though Lian Po was a general, he insisted on leading the charge personally. As a result, Zhao Ji shot him through the chest with a single arrow, and he lost his life. I believe the army’s heart will soon descend into chaos. I ask that Your Majesty issue orders at once.” Zhao Yan cursed angrily, “That useless old waste! Fine if he died, but he had to leave me with this mess!” The Chancellor continued, “Your Majesty, there is another important matter. Wang Jian’s main army has already entered the interior of Great Zhao, two days faster than expected. At present, they are only ten li from Handan.” Zhao Yan’s expression changed immediately. “If Wang Jian and Zhao Ji form a pincer encirclement, then I won’t be able to escape.” The beauty in his arms clutched his arm, panic written across her face. “Your Majesty, I’m so frightened. Let’s flee.” Zhao’s Chancellor said, “Your Majesty, in this minister’s view, if we withdraw quickly to Dai, it is still not too late.” The beauty at Zhao Yan’s side cooed again, “Your Majesty, as long as you live, Zhao still lives. Let’s run.” Sweat beaded across Zhao Yan’s face, but he forced out a reassuring smile. “Yes, yes. I cannot die. As long as I remain alive, once I reunite with Li Mu, retaking Handan will not be too late. Pass down the order: abandon Handan and withdraw quickly to Dai. Also, dispatch five thousand elite troops immediately as an escort. I and the Queen will evacuate first.” The moment Zhao Yan ordered his men to send five thousand elite soldiers to escort him and his queen away, the urgent retreat bells began ringing through the city, their long peals echoing out. The soldiers of Zhao heard them and exchanged puzzled looks. “Isn’t that the retreat bell? We’re pulling back?” But some other soldiers objected in disbelief. “Impossible. We’re just about to take Handan. How can we retreat now?” While the soldiers were still arguing, one of Zhao Yan’s close subordinates rode up at speed with an urgent announcement. “By order of the King, withdraw at once! The King orders an immediate retreat!” A courageous soldier stepped forward to stop the messenger and said, “We cannot retreat. The morale and opportunity we have now were bought with General Lian Po’s life. If we hold on for just half a day more, we can break the city.” The messenger sent by Zhao Yan flew into a rage and cursed, “Insolence! Does the army belong to Lian Po or to the King? The King has issued an order, and you still dare not obey?” The soldier faltered. Before he could say anything more, the messenger raised the signal banner high and shouted, “By order of the King, withdraw at once! Anyone who dares defy this order will be executed without mercy!” Hearing this, all the soldiers were cast into gloom, their faces filled with grief. They did not want to retreat. Their fighting spirit had reached the skies. They had all wanted to follow Lian Po in avenging themselves on brutal Qin, but now they had to obey the words of a foolish tyrant. It was truly unbearable. Scene change. At this moment in Handan, Zhao Ji’s subordinate quickly rushed over to report the news. After hearing it, Zhao Ji and his subordinates could not help rejoicing. “Haha, Lian Po. How pitiful. You used your death to carve out a road to survival for Zhao, yet your death was not even cherished. What a waste. But I won’t let the Zhao army withdraw so easily. Zhao must fall, and I will personally take the life of that foolish King of Zhao.” Meanwhile, at the place where the King of Zhao was hiding, his subordinate was still desperately shouting, “By order of the King, withdraw at once! Withdraw at once!” And yet, what expressions were on the faces of the King of Zhao’s soldiers? They did not want to obey Zhao Yan’s order, nor did they want to retreat. Their retreat was slow, and on top of that, Zhao Ji’s soldiers cut them off. Tu Sui ordered the Qin soldiers to fire arrows. “Don’t let these useless people escape so easily.” The soldiers on Zhao Yan’s side immediately fell into chaos, shouting to each other as they ran, “Ah! Hurry and run! Run!” At that moment, a huge beast’s paw with hard claws stepped forward. It was Zhao Ji’s Blood Tiger. He stroked the Blood Tiger’s head affectionately, then looked toward the Zhao soldiers and thought to himself, The Blood Tiger is no longer absorbing killing intent or battle spirit. It seems Zhao’s morale has already collapsed. Lian Po, what a pity. The plan you laid down in this desperate battle has now been ruined by the hands of that foolish tyrant Zhao Yan. After thinking for a moment, Zhao Ji ordered his trusted subordinates, “Tu Sui, Zhang Han, Ren Xiao, hear my command.” “Yes, General!” Zhao Ji continued, “Open the city gates. Tu Sui, Zhang Han, take four generals and fifty thousand cavalry out of the city to pursue the remnants of the Zhao army. Before I return, Ren Xiao will be responsible for the city’s defense. There must be no mistakes.” As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Ji rode the Blood Tiger straight out through the city gates and shouted, “Sons of Great Qin, follow me and hunt down the Zhao army! Exterminate Zhao!” Riding atop the fierce Blood Tiger, and accompanied by its growls, Zhao Ji bellowed, “Formation of the Bow-Chastisement—open!” Zhao Ji’s subordinates also hurriedly mounted up and followed after him. “Quick, follow the General! Kill the Zhao army! Destroy Zhao!” Seeing Zhao Ji’s cavalry formation, one of Lian Po’s loyal subordinates was enraged. Filled with spirit, he declared, “The people of Qin have bullied Great Zhao far too much. I heed only General Lian Po’s orders. I would rather die than retreat. Great Zhao cavalry—any man who does not fear death, follow me and meet the Qin army in battle! Let them see the might of Zhao, and of our Hu-style mounted archery!” With that, he raised his spear and charged straight at Tu Sui, roaring, “Qin general, die!” As he rushed forward, he rejoiced inwardly in haste. Surely the man would not escape. If before dying he could kill a great Qin general, then he would not have failed General Lian Po. Clenching his teeth with resolve, he thrust at Tu Sui. But Tu Sui skillfully made use of the stirrups that Zhao Ji had recently ordered added to every warhorse, and with them he dodged the Zhao general’s spear. It was an extremely refined evasion—he dodged without being thrown from the saddle, while the horse itself remained steady and upright. Lian Po’s subordinate on the other side was utterly shocked. In disbelief, he thought, You can lean your body to dodge while on horseback? How is that possible? While he was still lost in doubt, Tu Sui quickly struck straight into his body. He was thrown from the saddle and cried out in pain. General Tu Sui sneered triumphantly at him. “Hahaha! Before General Zhao’s three treasures of cavalry warfare, even your Hu-style cavalry archery is nothing but mediocrity.” Tu Sui leveled the spearpoint directly at the man’s throat. He was terrified, not daring to make a sound. Yet one question still circled endlessly in his mind: What are these three treasures of cavalry warfare? Pinned to the ground beneath the spearpoint, he looked toward the soldiers of Zhao, who were also being crushed by Zhao Ji’s cavalry. The pain in his heart only deepened as doubt consumed him. The Hu-style cavalry archery that Great Zhao had always been proudest of... was it really being defeated like this? General Lian Po, forgive this useless subordinate. We were doomed from the start never to win. Elsewhere, Zhao Ji charged heroically atop the Blood Tiger into the midst of the Zhao soldiers. Seeing the tiger roaring savagely, the soldiers asked one another in panic, “Heavens, a tiger! Why is there a tiger here?” Before they could even react, these soldiers were already crushed beneath the sharp claws of the Blood Tiger. Seeing their comrades lying dead beneath its feet, other Zhao soldiers bravely rushed forward, determined to kill the Blood Tiger. But before they could even touch a single hair on the beast, they were sent flying by a single spear strike from Zhao Ji, sprawled all across the ground. The air around Zhao Ji and the Blood Tiger was blazing with dazzling firelight. At that moment, Zhao Ji declared in a majestic voice, “I am Zhao Ji, Great General of Great Qin. Soldiers of Zhao, hear me. In consideration that we are all descendants of Yan and Huang, if you surrender, this General will spare your lives. Otherwise, I will kill without mercy.” He continued his attempt to persuade them. “Right now, King Zhao Yan has already fled to Dai. Not only has he abandoned General Lian Po, who sacrificed himself for the country, he has abandoned you soldiers as well. He has already forsaken his own capital city. Do you still wish to remain loyal to such an irresponsible fool of a king?” The Zhao soldiers were thrown into utter confusion on hearing this, asking each other, “Did the King really flee?” Others began exclaiming in alarm, “Wang Jian’s army is drawing near, and the King already wanted to retreat long ago. It must be true. Though I want to be loyal to General Lian Po, I want to live even more. A king like that is not worth risking our lives for.” After wrestling with themselves for a while, some of the soldiers finally chose to surrender. They threw down their weapons and knelt, begging for mercy. “We are willing to surrender to Qin. General, please spare our lives.” Seeing this, Zhao Ji said to Tu Sui, “Tu Sui, leave forty thousand of your cavalry here to gather the surrendered troops. Zhang Han and the remaining ten thousand cavalry will follow me and continue the pursuit northward.” “Yes, General.” Scene change. At this time, on the road fleeing toward Dai, that foolish tyrant Zhao Yan sat in his carriage, peering outside while urging the soldiers on. “Faster, faster! I don’t want to remain near Handan for even one more second. How much longer until we reach Dai? Only Li Mu can truly keep me safe.” Zhao general Zhao Yong was riding ahead and leading the retreating column of the foolish king. He replied, “Please do not worry, Your Majesty. There are still more than ten thousand men of Great Zhao at Handan. The Qin army will not be able to catch up to us so quickly.” After they had gone on for a while, one of the horses pulling the carriage suddenly let out a pained whinny. From inside the carriage, the foolish King of Zhao called out in confusion, “What is wrong with that horse?” A soldier hurried to reassure him. “Please do not panic, Your Majesty. The horse was merely startled.” But the foolish king could not help sticking his head out again and cursing for no reason at all. “What is there to fear? Damn beast! Are you trying to make this king fall to his death?” Suddenly Zhao Yong looked around and cried out, “Who is that? Y-Your Majesty, look ahead!” It turned out the horse had been frightened by the sight of the Blood Tiger. Zhao Ji sat astride it with imposing bearing, holding his spear level as he mocked the King of Zhao. “Well now, King Zhao, you really are good at running. I nearly let you get away.” The King of Zhao and Zhao Yong were terrified, and both exclaimed in panic, “The Qin army... the Qin army has caught up!” Zhao Ji leaped down from the Blood Tiger’s back, rested his spear across himself, and addressed the foolish king in a calm, commanding tone. “Soldiers of Zhao, hear me. The Zhao army abandoned by Zhao Yan beneath the walls of Handan has already surrendered to Qin. If you surrender now, I will also leave you a road to live.” Zhao Yong was loyal to Zhao Yan. He quickly drew his sword, ready to fight Zhao Ji, and shouted, “Qin dog, stop dreaming there. I would rather die than surrender. As long as I stand here, don’t think of taking another step forward.” With that, Zhao Yong and the Zhao soldiers rushed toward Zhao Ji to attack. Unfortunately, before they could even touch Zhao Ji, the unlucky group was struck by a hundred arrows. Zhao Yong managed his little display of bravado for only a few moments before he was hit by arrows and thrown from his horse, collapsing weakly with a pained grimace. Zhao Ji stepped closer to him. “I already gave you a chance, and you still refuse to surrender?” The foolish tyrant Zhao Yan, fidgeting on the carriage seat, opened his mouth and tried to threaten him. “Zhao Ji, you dare even kill this king’s bodyguard? Just wait until I rebuild a mighty royal guard. At that time, I absolutely will not spare you.” Though he spoke boldly, inwardly the King of Zhao was full of fear. He secretly reassured himself not to give up. Back then, Ying Zheng had been exiled and reduced to a hostage-slave in Zhao. He had nearly died at my hands. So even if Zhao Ji were willing to spare me now, Ying Zheng certainly would not let me off. The King of Zhao still had a little bluster left, but his ministers had already lost all dignity and began surrendering one after another. “We surrender! We surrender! General, please spare our lives.” Seeing this, the foolish king of Zhao turned pale. He tried instead to tempt Zhao Ji. “Weren’t you only a minor general in the Qin army all these years? If you work for me now, I’ll make you Chancellor. What do you say?” Zhao Ji did not care in the slightest. Tightening his grip on the spear, he advanced step by step toward Zhao Yan’s carriage. He threatened, “Hmm. So it seems the rest of you still do not want to surrender?” Zhao Ji kept drawing nearer, his grip on the spear growing firmer. Zhao Yan still refused to give up, continuing to bribe Zhao Ji through his fear. “If you don’t like the Chancellor’s post, then I can grant you another high general’s office as well...” Zhao Ji paid no heed to this nonsense. He unleashed a mighty attack against Zhao Yan and the officers and soldiers who still refused to surrender to Qin. A massive explosion of fire shook heaven and earth; that foolish tyrant Zhao Yan was clearly not going to survive that strike. A look of fierce satisfaction appeared on Zhao Ji’s face after using that move. He looked at the result he had just created: Zhao Yan lay sprawled on the ground, covered in blood. He looked utterly wretched. The subordinates of Zhao, seeing Zhao Yan dead, stared in shock. “Your Majesty! His Majesty is dead!” Opposite them, Zhao Ji’s soldiers showed no mercy and continued loosing arrows in volleys toward the ministers. Terrified, they screamed and fled, “Ah! Please spare us!” Zhao Ji let out a breath at last. Zhao Yan was dead. In Handan, there was no longer anyone left truly loyal to Zhao. The tattered banner of Zhao no longer fluttered in the wind. It had fallen, lying in ruins upon the ground. Night was gradually deepening outside the walls of Handan. Li Xin and Wang Ben were hiding by a rocky embankment, observing the situation. Li Xin said to Wang Ben, “His Majesty’s and the Great General’s judgment was indeed correct. Zhao Ji truly led his forces all the way into Handan. Looking at how fierce the battlefield has become, holding the city was clearly extremely difficult.” Wang Ben also spoke up, “And yet, facing Lian Po’s counterattack, Zhao Ji still managed to hold out for so many days. That truly is a miracle.” At this moment, Wang Ben shouted to rally the soldiers. “Warriors! Over these past few days, the Zhao army has been gradually weakening. Hurry and come with me to aid General Zhao Ji, take the head of the King of Zhao, and level Zhao!” of Zhao. And so, Wang Ben led the officers and soldiers under his command on horseback into Handan City. Inside the city, Tu Sui’s subordinate hurriedly reported, “General Tu, we were attacked during the night.” Tu Sui had just finished a battle, and now there were enemies again. Could it be Zhao troops and their reinforcements? “What emblem is on their banners?” The soldier hesitated and answered, “Uh... it looks like the emblem of our own Qin.” Beneath the bright moonlight, the cavalry led by Wang Ben and Li Xin charged fiercely into Handan City. General Tu Sui stepped forward with his soldiers and faced Wang Ben’s group, shouting loudly, “I am Tu Sui. Which general dares come here? If you are my brothers-in-arms, state your name at once. Otherwise, don’t blame Qin’s archers for showing no mercy.” Wang Ben was stunned and thought, Tu Sui? Isn’t our Great General supposed to be in the camp? Li Xin said, “Could it be that we came too late? Zhao Ji has already defeated the Zhao army?” Surely not. But seeing how peaceful it was inside Handan City, the two of them had no choice but to nod and accept that it was true. Then the two suddenly looked at each other in confusion and asked, “Lian Po was killed by Zhao Ji, so what about the King of Zhao?” Tu Sui then recounted the whole story, leaving Wang Ben and Li Xin unable to hide their shock. General Tu Sui affirmed, “Everything I said is true. General Zhao has already gone in pursuit of the King of Zhao. He should return in a few days.” “There’s no need for you two generals to be so surprised. Relax and sit here with your men for a few days.” Wang Ben and Li Xin answered with deep admiration, “Even though we’ve known General Zhao for quite a few years, we still can’t fully grasp his temperament, his way of doing things, or the extent of his courage.” After that, Wang Ben asked Tu Sui, “General Tu, what time is it now, and why does that horse look so strange?” Tu Sui eagerly explained, “This is the Three Treasures of Cavalry Combat invented by General Zhao Ji: the saddle, the stirrup, and the horseshoe. Thanks to these three treasures, our army’s combat strength has increased greatly. Even Zhao’s famed Hu-style mounted archery is no match for us. It’s just that General Zhao has never had the chance to use these three treasures in actual battle before, so he never introduced them to the other legions of Great Qin.” Li Xin and Wang Ben stared at each other in astonishment. They shared the same thought: Even Hu-style mounted archery can be defeated? Just what kind of man is General Zhao? Such strategy is truly unmatched under heaven, even beyond what the world says of him. A few days later, Tu Sui brought Wang Ben and Li Xin to meet Zhao Ji. “Supreme General, this subordinate Tu Sui, together with Qin General Wang Ben, requests an audience with the General.” Inside the room, the Blood Tiger was lying there asleep. Hearing someone approach, it yawned and let out a low rumbling snore. At the sight of the enormous Blood Tiger, Wang Ben was once again bewildered and thought, My heavens, this giant tiger’s fur is the color of blood. How can such a monstrous beast be inside the palace? General Tu Sui, walking behind them, quickly explained, “Please don’t be alarmed. That is the Blood Tiger, the General’s mount.” Then Li Xin and Wang Ben knelt and saluted Zhao Ji. “We pay our respects to the Supreme General. This subordinate has been discourteous. I truly never imagined that the Supreme General could tame such a ferocious beast and use it as a mount. It is truly astonishing.” Zhao Ji sat calmly on the steps and replied, “It’s nothing. There’s no need for you two to be so formal.” Wang Ben continued, “The two of us came under our father’s orders to provide reinforcements, yet we never expected General Zhao to be so valiant. You have already swept away the Zhao army, which truly leaves us ashamed.” Zhao Ji still answered modestly, “The merit for killing the enemy belongs to the soldiers of Great Qin. I wonder where Supreme General Wang Jian has assembled his forces now? And where is Supreme General Huan Yi? Has anything changed in Wei?” Wang Ben quickly replied, “Wei originally intended to send aid to Zhao, but they were intercepted by General Huan Yi. Moreover, my father’s deputy has already breached Quyang City. At present, aside from Li Mu holding the Dai region, which is not easy to attack, the rest of Zhao’s territory can be incorporated into Great Qin’s map within at most one month. Speaking of which, it is all thanks to the Supreme General’s great victory at Nanyang.” After hearing the report, Zhao Ji was quite satisfied. “Haha, perfect timing. If that is truly the case, then the situation is highly favorable for Great Qin.” Wang Ben continued, “I heard from General Tu that earlier the Supreme General went in pursuit of the Zhao king. May I ask what the result was? After pacifying Handan City this time, where will we station our troops?” Hearing this, Zhang Han knowingly carried over a box containing a severed head. He said to Wang Ben, “This is the head of the King of Zhao.” Zhao Ji continued, “The head of the King of Zhao has already been preserved and is being prepared to be sent back to Xianyang City. As for troop movements in this great war, my soldiers are already exhausted, and we also need to recruit more soldiers from Zhao. Therefore, I do not intend to continue advancing. So after Zhao is pacified, the matter of garrisoning this city will have to trouble General Wang Jian.” Li Xin then asked excitedly, “General Zhao, do you mean to absorb half of the surrendered Zhao troops, just as you did with the Han army? What the General did with the Han surrendering soldiers before, when we were still in the army, truly has become a legend.” Zhao Ji was somewhat solemn as he said to the two of them, “The seven states all originally came from one shared land, Huaxia. Once Zhao is destroyed and Zhao no longer exists, they may very well surrender. If we continue using blades and warfare, it will only create more hostility. Everything this General does is for the cause of unifying Great Qin’s realm, for the peace and safety of the descendants of Yan and Huang, and so that there will no longer be war and chaos among our people.” These words left Wang Ben and Li Xin gaping in amazement. The two quickly knelt down in admiration. “General, your great grace and virtue are immeasurable.” After that, Li Xin said something to Zhang Han, while Wang Ben watched from behind with a curious expression. The two followed Zhang Han and left. Tu Sui remained behind. He asked Zhao Ji hesitantly, “General, there is still one thing I do not understand.” “Speak.” Tu Sui said, “General, in this campaign, our army suffered fewer than ten thousand dead, and the number of wounded was not too great either. Our forces are fully capable of continuing the attack on Zhao’s other cities. So why do you want Li Xin, Wang Ben, and us to stop and rest instead of marching on?” Zhao Ji explained very calmly, “Destroying Zhao is already enough merit for this General. Why would I need to claim more? One should not be too greedy and attract others’ attention, giving rise to jealousy.” Only then did Tu Sui understand. “Oh, so that’s the reason. This subordinate understands now.” “Mhm.” Zhao Ji replied, “Alright, withdraw and get some rest. There’s still a lot to do next.” “Understood, Supreme General,” Tu Sui answered firmly. After everyone had left and only Zhao Ji and the Blood Tiger remained, Zhao Ji began calling out to the system, “System, settle the rewards.” Immediately, the system began listing them. “Host’s command accepted. Reward settlement: Experience gained from killing enemies begins. Congratulations, Host, for killing Zhao General Lian Po. You have received 900 experience points and the reward: high-level martial arts secret manual, Overlord Halberd Technique. For killing Zhao Yan, King of Zhao, you have received 1,000 experience points and the reward: Detailed Central Plains Map. In this battle, the Host killed 98,652 enemies and gained 24,663 experience points. Congratulations. Your experience is sufficient. Do you wish to level up?” Zhao Ji did not hesitate and chose to level up. “Command accepted. Preparing to upgrade the Host.” A stream of true energy surrounded Zhao Ji, causing even the Blood Tiger lying nearby to stare blankly at him. Feeling this flow of true qi, Zhao Ji exclaimed joyfully, “This time my true qi has already surpassed Innate Realm Level 11. The martial path really is an intoxicating road.” After leveling up, Zhao Ji turned and patted the Blood Tiger’s head, asking, “Good. Blood Tiger, how has your level been these past few days?” Delighted by the pat on its head, the Blood Tiger let out a roar. The system immediately displayed its current rank. “Blood Tiger, Level 9. Talent: devours negative killing aura and blood energy. Also possesses the divine bloodline of a killing god-beast. Can tear enemies apart and continue to grow. White Tiger trampling with four paws—contains the force of a thousand jin. White Tiger’s Might—belongs to the imposing aura of a beast king and can terrify all wild beasts and animals. Can continue to grow.” After reading it, Zhao Ji did not hold back his praise. “Excellent. You’ve already risen to Level 9. At this rate, your strength is growing so crazily that even I may not be able to suppress you.” As if it understood his words, the Blood Tiger immediately came over and acted spoiled. Zhao Ji stroked its head and laughed. “I know. You and I have already made a pact. You will never betray me.” Suddenly, as if sensing danger, the Blood Tiger showed a wary expression and turned to look in one direction. Zhao Ji knew who it was and comforted it. “Alright, alright. He’s not an enemy. Come out.” Hearing the order, the person immediately appeared. It was none other than Dun Ruo. He knelt and saluted. “Greetings, Master.” Zhao Ji got straight to the point and asked, “How is the matter I entrusted to you?” Dun Ruo removed the cloth covering his face and happily reported, “Reporting to Master, after four years of training, Shadow has begun to take shape. Now the three hundred thousand Shadow troops can fight for Master at any time.” Inwardly, Zhao Ji secretly asked the system to check Dun Ruo’s loyalty value. The system immediately displayed: “Dun Ruo loyalty: 85.” Seeing this number, Zhao Ji was satisfied and decided that with a loyalty value of 85, Dun Ruo could be trusted and used without worry. With his hands clasped behind his back, Zhao Ji stood before him and said, “Well done. From now on, you can be considered this General’s confidant.” Hearing this, Dun Ruo replied joyfully, “Dun Ruo swears to serve Master with loyalty unto death.” Zhao Ji sat down facing Dun Ruo and probed, “Do you know the strength held by Li Qing, Han Fei, Tu Sui, and Zhang Han?” Hearing this, Dun Ruo answered frankly, “This subordinate is not their match.” Zhao Ji laughed and said with certainty, “Their power originated from me. Before, you could not defeat them, but now that may not be so.” Dun Ruo was shocked upon hearing this. Zhao Ji looked him straight in the eyes and asked, “Do you want that kind of power?” Zhao Ji circulated true qi into his hand, where it surged like flowing flames. He said, “If you step onto the martial path, you will gain power far beyond ordinary mortals. Even immortality is not an impossible dream.” Looking at what had appeared in Zhao Ji’s hand, Dun Ruo could not help but stare blankly and repeat word by word, “The martial path... immortality?” Dun Ruo thought to himself, No wonder—even I couldn’t beat a scholar like Han Fei. So it was because of the power of the martial path. And now, do I also have the qualifications to obtain such strength? As if he still could not believe it, his eyes were filled with shock as he murmured, “Master...” A moment later, he immediately knelt and kowtowed, expressing his gratitude. “Thank you for your trust, Master. If I can obtain the divine power of the martial path, Dun Ruo swears loyalty unto death. I will climb mountains of blades and descend into seas of fire for Master.” After hearing Dun Ruo’s words, Zhao Ji immediately poured true qi into his body and said, “Good. You are an assassin. Today, this General will pass the Shadow Art on to you and open your meridians.” As Dun Ruo received the stream of true qi into his body, his eyes flashed as he felt his strength rising. Looking at his own palm, he said in shock, “This is the power of the martial path? I can feel an unprecedented force within my body.” The flow of qi continued to circulate through his body. Dun Ruo knelt there and let out a cry of exhilaration. Once it was done, he joyfully thanked Zhao Ji. Dun Ruo said, “Many thanks, Master, for leading me through the gates of the martial path.” Zhao Ji smiled and instructed him, “The technique I passed on to you today is more profound than what Tu Sui and the others received. But they have already trained for several months and reached the Fourth Layer Realm, so you must work even harder.” After saying that, Zhao Ji entered the system space and began searching for people with high loyalty values. He thought to himself that the 3,000 Shadow operatives had already taken shape. But this was only the beginning; it was still far from enough for his long-term plans. After making his selections, Zhao Ji compiled a list on a bamboo scroll and handed it to Dun Ruo. “I have a list here. When you return, you can teach them the first three layers of the Shadow Art.” Dun Ruo reached out and accepted the bamboo scroll, but still had a question. “Yes. But, Master, transmitting such a technique is no small matter. Should this subordinate test them first?” Zhao Ji replied, “No need. I can be certain that they are all loyal. Once they succeed in learning it, send them to infiltrate various places throughout the world. Let them continue to cultivate talents with the power of Shadow for me. What I want is the ability to spy on the forces across the land.” Dun Ruo’s eyes were filled with determination as he assured him, “Master can rest easy. This subordinate will certainly do everything in his power.” Zhao Ji took out a bottle of medicine, handed it to Dun Ruo, and instructed, “As for the Shadow Guards, this General grants you unlimited authority and unlimited funds. In addition, take this bottle of Qi-Enhancing Pills. It will help improve your cultivation.” Dun Ruo was so moved that tears and snot nearly fell together as he sobbed, “M-Master treats Dun Ruo so well. This subordinate will definitely not disappoint you.” Zhao Ji looked at him somewhat speechlessly, but still comforted him, “Alright, I know. Your nose is running all over the place already.” A while later, Dun Ruo used lightness skill and departed into the night. Watching his departing figure, Zhao Ji thought to himself, With Dun Ruo’s abilities, within a few more years, Shadow will spread throughout the world. When I seize power and become emperor, I will be the king in the darkness, fearing nothing. The scene suddenly changed, becoming like a vision of the past. The King of Qin was being pinned under someone’s foot, while Ah Fang, the woman he loved, was being beaten by the King of Zhao. Zhao Yan struck her while cursing, “Today I’ll beat you to death and see if you still dare feed that little Qin bastard.” At that time, the King of Qin could only shout helplessly, “Zhao Yan, you bastard, don’t touch Ah Fang!” His eyes were bloodshot, his teeth clenched in hatred as he swore venomously, “Zhao Yan, one day I will grind you to ashes. I will make you regret what you have done today.” The King of Qin jolted awake in alarm from the dream, still shouting, “Zhao Yan, I’ll kill you!” After calming himself, he realized it had been a dream. Then voices sounded from outside. “It’s not even dawn yet. His Majesty is still asleep. Can’t you wait?” The other person immediately answered, “Although it is not urgent military news, this is a personal letter from General Zhao Ji sent from Handan. If it is delayed, I fear it would not be good.” News from Zhao Ji? Then the battle at Handan must have ended already. Thinking this, the King of Qin immediately ordered Zhao Gao, “Bring him in.” After receiving the intelligence, the King of Qin opened it and read. He burst into laughter and said, “Good! Zhao Ji truly killed Lian Po and Zhao Yan. Good! Reward him heavily, reward him heavily!” The messenger then spoke again. “Your Majesty, aside from the military report, General Zhao also has two gifts he wishes to present to Your Majesty.” The King of Qin still seemed not to care much, but he asked anyway, “Gifts? What gifts?” The messenger replied, “The severed head of Zhao Yan, King of Zhao, and a secret letter.” Hearing this, the King of Qin’s eyes flashed with sharp light as he asked suspiciously, “You mean Zhao Yan’s head? Truly?” The man lifted the box containing Zhao Yan’s severed head and presented it, explaining, “General Zhao said that the heads of the other kings of the various states could be handled however Your Majesty wished, but Zhao Yan’s head had to be personally delivered to Your Majesty.” Overjoyed, the King of Qin opened the box to confirm it. Inwardly he could not help but think, Zhao Ji truly understands me. You have avenged me and Dong’er. After confirming it, the King of Qin immediately ordered, “Feed Zhao Yan’s head to the dogs.” The man accepted the order and withdrew. Eunuch Zhao Gao then bowed with clasped hands and said, “Congratulations, Your Majesty, on avenging your grievance and successfully destroying Zhao.” The King of Qin said, “With Zhao Ji, this was within my expectations. But he accomplished it far faster than planned.” Zhao Gao answered, “It is because Your Majesty has a discerning eye for talent. Even if he has rendered great merit, is he not still conquering the world for Your Majesty?” The King of Qin gripped the secret letter Zhao Ji had sent, then turned to Zhao Gao and ordered, “Zhao Gao, summon Meng Yi into the palace and come with me to the Imperial Guard Palace.” Eunuch Zhao asked in surprise, “Right now?” The King of Qin repeated, “Right now. There must not be the slightest delay. Go at once.” Zhao Gao hurriedly accepted the order and dared not speak further. The King of Qin rode to the Imperial Guard Palace. The soldiers shouted loudly, “His Majesty has arrived! Where is Qin Sheng, Commander of the Imperial Guards?” General Qin Sheng hurriedly knelt down and pleaded guilty. “Your Majesty, this minister failed to welcome you from afar. I beg Your Majesty’s forgiveness.” After dismounting, the King of Qin threw the secret letter toward Qin Sheng and ordered, “No need for formalities. Immediately make a design according to what I say. Within two shichen, I want to see the finished product.” General Qin Sheng still did not understand what was happening, but he did not dare disobey. General Meng Yi, following behind the King of Qin, then asked, “Does Your Majesty wish to make some object? Why such urgency and caution, and even personally supervise Lord Qin?” The King of Qin did not explain directly. He merely smiled and said, “Just wait. This is the great gift Zhao Ji has presented to this King.” Two shichen later, Lord Qin Sheng led over a horse and reported, “Your Majesty, according to the design, the Three Treasures of the warhorse have been made and assembled.” General Meng Yi could not help asking in puzzlement, “What exactly are these Three Treasures of the warhorse?” The King of Qin stepped forward to inspect the horse, and as he looked, he explained, “They are Zhao Ji’s invention: the saddle, the stirrup, and the U-shaped iron horseshoe. In this battle against Zhao, the troops under Zhao Ji relied on these three treasures to defeat Zhao’s Hu-style mounted archery.” Hearing this, General Meng Yi cried out in shock, “What? Hu-style mounted archery is famed for sweeping the world, and it was defeated?” The King of Qin smiled and commented, “Whether it is true or false, we’ll know once we test it. If it is true, then this time Zhao Ji has offered a treasure no less than placing the whole world into my hands.” Hearing that, General Meng Yi immediately requested, “If that is so, then I ask permission to test the power of these Three Treasures of Cavalry Combat.” The King of Qin refused. He leaped onto the horse and said, “No need. I will do it myself.” After firmly gripping the reins and steadying himself in the stirrups, the King of Qin took up his bow and arrows and spurred his horse forward. Meng Yi watched in worry. “Your Majesty, please be careful.” As the King of Qin galloped ahead, he gradually felt it in his heart: Excellent. With this saddle and these stirrups, the rider’s body won’t sway while riding. Even if both hands leave the reins, there is no fear of falling off the warhorse. And with these U-shaped horseshoes, it runs much faster as well. The King of Qin raised his bow, took aim, and shot. The arrow flew through the air like it was tearing through the wind, then buried itself straight in the bull’s-eye of the wooden target. After witnessing this scene, General Qin Sheng could not help but exclaim, “Your Majesty is mighty indeed. Your riding posture is in no way inferior to the Hu-style mounted archers. If every cavalryman of Great Qin were equipped with these three treasures of cavalry warfare, we would surely be able to conquer the other states for Your Majesty.” The King of Qin stroked the white horse’s head and laughed loudly. “A fine treasure indeed, Qin Sheng. I order you to mass-produce these three treasures of cavalry warfare and equip all of Great Qin’s cavalry with them.” After dismounting, the King of Qin clasped his hands behind his back and ordered, “Meng Yi, stay and report on the military situation. Once you are finished, come to Yongcheng. I intend to richly reward Zhao Ji.” After giving his instructions, the King of Qin looked up at the blue sky and let out a soft sigh. Five months later, in Longtai Palace, General Tu Sui began his report: “Most of Zhao’s territory now belongs to Great Qin, but Li Mu still commands three hundred thousand mercenary troops defending Dai. Supreme Generals Huan Yi and Wang Jian have tested the defenses with several attacks, but every time they failed and suffered heavy casualties. General, the situation in Handan has stabilized now. We should send troops out.” Zhao Ji stroked his chin and said, “Of course we should send troops, but we must also have a proper reason. Right now the two generals are besieging and trying to wipe out Dai. I do not want to gain a reputation for stealing their credit.” Hearing that, Tu Sui asked, “Then how long do we have to wait?” Just then, Zhang Han hurried in and reported, “Report to the General! A military dispatch has arrived from Supreme General Wang Jian at the northern border of Dai.” At that moment, Zhao Ji answered Tu Sui’s earlier question: “When should we send troops? The time has arrived.” Beside Dai, General Zhao Ji’s army was now marching out to reinforce the front. Tu Sui asked, “My lord, this time, are five hundred thousand—no, just fifty thousand troops—really enough?” He recalled how, a few days earlier, after reading the military report sent by General Wang Jian, Zhao Ji had waved his hand and said, “Wang Jian’s request for reinforcements has arrived. We can move out now. Tu Sui, bring fifty thousand men with me to Dai. Zhang Han will remain behind to guard Handan.” Tu Sui said worriedly, “Even with the armies of Generals Wang Jian and Huan Yi numbering no fewer than six hundred thousand, they still could not take Dai.” Zhao Ji smiled and explained, “Six hundred thousand and they still couldn’t capture little Dai? It is only because Wang Jian and Huan Yi have not dared to recklessly launch a full assault. Dai is the final barrier between Great Qin and Yan. Whether in attack or in defense, Li Mu will receive Yan’s full support. Destroying a dynasty is easy, but no matter what method Great Qin uses now, it will be hard to avoid exhausting vast manpower and resources for little gain.” Tu Sui then said, “Then is there no way to resolve the situation in Dai? If it drags on like this, to complete the great task of unification, His Majesty may order a withdrawal.” Zhao Ji once again sank into deep thought. In history, Li Mu had defended Dai for six years. He truly had been forced to wait until the other states were subdued before he was attacked last. He really was formidable. After a moment, Zhao Ji said, “So this reinforcement mission does not hinge solely on troops. If we want to defeat Li Mu, we must use strategy.” A scout suddenly dropped to one knee before Zhao Ji. “Report, Supreme General! A small band of nomads has appeared at the northern border of Dai. Li Mu has personally led troops to suppress them.” Tu Sui was startled. “At a time like this, Li Mu personally leading troops just to suppress a small band of nomads? That can’t be true, can it?” Zhao Ji explained, “Precisely because it is at a time like this, Li Mu has to lead troops personally. Wang Jian and Huan Yi do not dare move recklessly for the moment. On the other hand, if the border unrest is not put down quickly, it may give the enemy an opportunity.” After saying that, Zhao Ji mounted Blood Tiger and shot forward. Before he had gone far, he shouted back to Tu Sui, “Continue leading the army. We’ll meet at the northern border of Dai ahead.” Tu Sui called after him, puzzled, “My lord, do you need troops with you?” “No need. They would only slow Blood Tiger down.” Northern border of Dai. At this moment, a battle was raging between the Zhao army and the nomadic forces. Li Mu wielded his spear and cut down enemies one after another. He shouted his order, “Drive out the nomads! End this quickly!” A soldier hurried over on horseback and reported, “Supreme General, the crafty nomads are entangling our forces on the battlefield while sending other small groups to plunder the surrounding villages. Supreme General, should we send troops to drive them off or not?” Grinding his teeth in fury, Li Mu ordered, “This surprise attack by the nomads was meant to fish in troubled waters. Now that violent Qin is pressing closer, we must put the greater situation first. Pass down the order—strike back at the nomads with full force. The main army will continue sweeping the area.” In his heart, he silently prayed for Heaven to protect the people of the northern border. He could only hope to save them once the main nomadic force was crushed. At the northern border, the nomads were ravaging villages. Smoke billowed upward, and the scene was one of tragic brutality. The people cried out in terror, “Help! The nomads are here! Isn’t General Li Mu’s army nearby? Why haven’t they come to save us yet?” The common people fled in all directions. “Run! General Li, save us!” A woman hurried toward her child, stumbled, and fell. The child cried out, “Mother! Mother, come here—” A nomad rider charged up in front of the mother and child, his whole body brimming with killing intent. He sneered, “Still hoping Li Mu will come? Keep dreaming.” Just as the blade in his hand was about to slash down, a cold glare came from behind him. Zhao Ji, riding Blood Tiger, crushed the nomad beneath the beast’s paws. He swept his hand and shouted, “I am Zhao Ji, a general of Qin! As long as I am here, I will never let these nomads take another step forward. Quickly take the child and find a place to hide, so you won’t be hurt.” The rescued woman, tears streaming down her face, said, “Many thanks, young general.” Her little boy, however, innocently stretched out his hands and called out, “Big kitty!” The nomads were astonished by the fierce appearance of Zhao Ji and Blood Tiger. They shouted at Zhao Ji, who sat atop the tiger with one of Blood Tiger’s paws still pinning down the corpse of the nomad. “You can actually control a tiger? Looks like the Central Plains aren’t all useless after all. Who are you?” Blood Tiger let out a mighty roar. Zhao Ji stood valiant with spear in hand and shouted, “Thieves like you are worthy of knowing my name? If I were you, I would only need to know that I’m here to take your dog lives.” Those nomads were swiftly exterminated beneath Zhao Ji’s spear and Blood Tiger’s sharp claws. Their corpses littered the ground. Just then, the sound of approaching hoofbeats rang out. It was the army of Zhao’s Supreme General Li Mu. By the time they arrived, Zhao Ji had long since ridden away on Blood Tiger. All that remained were the corpses of the nomads on the ground, marked with huge claw wounds. The general beside Li Mu said, “Supreme General, it seems we still came too late. But what happened to these nomad corpses? Since when have the people of our northern border had the strength to fight back against the nomads like this?” Supreme General Li Mu observed the state of the corpses for a while, then said grimly, “No. The fatal wounds on these nomads were inflicted by military weapons. There are also claw marks from a ferocious beast. This was absolutely not done by ordinary villagers. Besides, on the way here we saw no corpses of civilians at all. This is highly suspicious.” At that moment, a villager stepped out from behind a large rock and looked at Li Mu. “Are you General Li Mu?” The officer beside Li Mu immediately shouted, “Who are you?” The villager replied, “I am from this village. About two hours ago, the nomads suddenly attacked. Fortunately, a young general arrived in time and saved us. He also helped us find a temporary safe place. That young general asked me to invite General Li Mu to come alone.” After hearing this, a trace of surprise appeared on Li Mu’s face. He thought to himself: One man killing an entire group of nomads—how was that possible? Then he asked the villager, “Where is he now? Quickly take me to him.” Li Mu and the officer at his side were led by the villager to where Zhao Ji and Blood Tiger were waiting. The moment he saw Li Mu’s figure, Zhao Ji spoke first. “Supreme General, I’ve been waiting for you for quite a while.” Li Mu, still seated on horseback, looked at Zhao Ji, who was leisurely wiping the large spear in his hand while Blood Tiger lay beside him dozing. He rode closer and asked, “You are from Qin?” Zhao Ji replied, “That’s right. I am Zhao Ji, a general of Qin. I have long heard of General Li’s great name. Would you be willing to dismount and talk?” Li Mu immediately got off his horse. Looking at the young general before him, he thought, So this is Zhao Ji—the man who successively killed Pang Nuan and Lian Po? No wonder he could single-handedly deal with a band of nomads. I just didn’t expect him to be so young. And he can even control a tiger. Li Mu said to Zhao Ji, “General, why are you here? In any case, I should thank you for saving the people of my northern border from danger.” Zhao Ji planted his spear on the ground and replied, “The nomads are guilty. As a descendant of Yan and Huang, how could I stand by and watch my own people be bullied and slaughtered? Since we are of one people, and the foreign tribes are at fault, General Li need not thank me.” As Zhao Ji spoke, Li Mu’s mind filled with the scornful words of Zhao’s court officials: “A lowborn man dares call himself Supreme General? He is nothing more than a watchdog for Great Zhao. Those vulgar men at your side dare call themselves Zhao people too? Shameless.” Thinking of those arrogant officials, Li Mu inwardly praised Zhao Ji. It was precisely because they were descendants of Yan and Huang that he had stationed himself at Dai and fought bravely to kill the enemy, yet not a single person in the entire court understood him. This young general of Qin was more clear-sighted than them all. Li Mu said to Zhao Ji, “Well said—one people of Yan and Huang, and the foreign tribes are at fault. I never imagined that the one who understood me after all these years would be a man from violent Qin.” Li Mu stepped before Zhao Ji and said sternly, “Enough small talk. You lured me here alone—what is it you want? Do you intend to fight me to the death here to solve Wang Jian and Huan Yi’s problem?” Hearing Li Mu’s words, Zhao Ji suddenly burst into laughter. “Underhanded assassination tactics like that are something only Guo Kai would do. That is not my style. Supreme General, you know full well that the disaster before us is not the rivalry of the states, but the foreign tribes. So why do you stand by and watch the people of Qin and Zhao slaughter one another? Only when the realm is unified and the hearts of the people are brought together can the threat of the foreign tribes truly be resolved. And only Great Qin can pacify the states, so that our people of Yan and Huang will no longer suffer war and may enjoy peace.” Li Mu’s voice carried a trace of anger as he replied, “So you came alone to persuade me to surrender? Never. I, Li Mu, have received the favor of Zhao and bear the duty of easing my ruler’s worries and sharing his burdens. I am a minister of Zhao. If I surrendered, how would the people of the world look at me?” Li Mu drew his sword and pointed it straight at Zhao Ji. Then he continued, “Because you saved the people of my northern border, I will spare your life. Leave at once. Even if you could kill me here by yourself, you still could not escape the encirclement of my army. Besides, even if you did kill me, as long as the Zhao army does not open the gates of Dai, violent Qin will gain nothing from its siege.” After hearing this, Zhao Ji laughed loudly. Even Blood Tiger beside him was roused awake by the noise. As Zhao Ji stroked Blood Tiger’s head to calm it, he said, “Supreme General, you keep saying you are a minister of Zhao. Then may I ask you—where is Zhao’s general now? Where is the State of Zhao? Of Zhao’s vast territory, only Dai remains. The King of Zhao has already been killed by me, and the royal clan and nobles who could have succeeded him have already been escorted by me to Handan. They are no different from sheep waiting to be slaughtered. Zhao is already finished.” Zhao Ji’s words shook Li Mu to his core, and shock spread across his face. Zhao Ji stood and continued, “You no longer have a state to rely on, nor a ruler to serve. And now, for the sake of your personal reputation, you would have the descendants of Yan and Huang slaughter one another? Moreover, the unification of the realm is the will of Heaven. Do you mean to go against Heaven’s will? Tell me—after a thousand years, will you be praised or condemned?” Zhao Ji fixed Li Mu with a steady gaze, his face stern as he spoke. “If I had not come just now, the Zhao people you speak of would already have died at the hands of the nomads. Yet you failed to send aid because your priority was obstructing your own people.” Zhao Ji mounted Blood Tiger and rode away. Turning back, he said to Li Mu, who still stood rooted in place, “Think carefully on my words today, Supreme General. The next time we meet, I hope you will have an answer for me.” Blood Tiger leapt powerfully across several large rocks and was soon gone from sight. General Li Mu remained standing there like a statue, his face full of thought, his eyes darkened, both fists clenched tightly. Zhao Ji and the fierce tiger returned to the Great Qin camp. The moment Zhao Ji came into view, the soldiers immediately reported to General Tu Sui, “Supreme General has returned.” Tu Sui quickly came over and asked, “My lord, you have labored all day. Did you meet Li Mu?” “And what was the result?” Zhao Ji answered confidently, “Nine-tenths success.” Then Zhao Ji led the army forward and said, “Let’s go. We’ll join up with Wang Jian and Huan Yi. Dai will soon be ours.” Zhao Ji led his troops to Wang Jian and Huan Yi. At this time, a wine feast was being held in the military camp. Wang Jian and Huan Yi each held a cup of wine as they came forward, both competing to toast Zhao Ji. Wang Jian said, “Zhao Ji, I, Wang Jian, drink to you. Now that we’ve met today, you must drink this first cup with me.” Huan Yi immediately cut in. “How can that do? It has been hard enough for me to meet an old acquaintance. Zhao Ji should drink this cup with me first.” The two immediately began to argue. Wang Jian raised his voice. “I was the one who wrote to invite Zhao Ji here, so naturally he should drink my cup first.” Zhao Ji looked a little helpless. “You two Supreme Generals, please don’t argue.” Then Zhao Ji raised his cup and said to them both, “I am of the younger generation. It is only proper that I should offer a toast to the two Supreme Generals. Besides, I am a subject of Great Qin. Fighting for Great Qin is only my duty. How would I dare trouble the two of you to toast me first?” The three of them drained their cups together. Huan Yi praised him. “Good, good. A young man who is humble and refined. Zhao Ji, I truly like you more and more.” Wang Jian also chimed in with praise. “When men appreciate each other, what need is there for so many words? So long as one’s heart is full of passion and spirit, that is enough.” As soon as he finished his drink, Wang Jian said, “Zhao Ji, this time, for us to call you all the way here from Handan was truly out of necessity. The two of us really had no other options. Ever since you joined the army, you have always had clever strategies for defeating the enemy, and that is why we invited you here.” Zhao Ji set his cup down on the table and smiled. “This junior understands the difficulties faced by the two Supreme Generals. At present, whether we attack, assault the city, or continue the siege, none of those are good options. So on my way here, I came up with a psychological tactic.” Huan Yi and Wang Jian both looked startled. “A psychological tactic?” Zhao Ji explained his plan. “The Zhao army is certain we would not move rashly, so they have no fear. In that case, let us put on the appearance of a desperate all-out battle and make them afraid. Only when they are afraid will their true nature show. We will force Li Mu to surrender.” Zhao Ji’s face was full of confidence. The plan was quickly set into motion. Following Zhao Ji’s instructions, Wang Jian and Huan Yi led the mighty Great Qin army in an imposing advance to the gates of Dai. The soldiers of Great Qin were full of momentum, with siege weapons prepared and ready to break the city. Wang Jian shouted loudly, “Battering rams, trebuchets, prepare! Today we will bathe Dai in blood!” Huan Yi beside him also roared, “If we do not succeed, then we die trying! This is the kind of bloody battle Great Qin’s men should have fought long ago. What is there to fear?” The Qin soldiers immediately drew their bows and aimed straight at the city of Dai. Tens of thousands of cavalry and infantry shouted in unison, gripping their spears as they charged toward the city gates. Supreme General Li Mu and the court officials standing atop Dai’s walls looked down at the forces of Great Qin in panic. “What do we do now? Wang Jian and Huan Yi’s armies are using all their strength. They really mean to attack with everything they have.” Someone beside them said in alarm, “At first I thought they would never waste troops over a tiny city like Dai. Why would they suddenly do this?” Li Mu said nothing, only gazing downward in deep thought. Around him, voices rose in anxious discussion. “I heard that Zhao Ji of violent Qin was summoned to Dai yesterday. This attack must certainly be his idea.” “That god of slaughter? I heard he is bloodthirsty and loves battle. It seems this siege is no act.” Another official panicked and turned to run. “Go quickly! If those men risk their lives to hold them off, the city won’t fall immediately. It should be enough time for us to flee into Yan.” Li Mu’s face instantly darkened with rage. Turning around, he slapped those officials across the face. “What do you people mean by this? We are the soldiers of Dai and carry the blood of Zhao within us. We are not straw and weeds to be thrown away.” One of the officials pointed at Li Mu’s face and said, “You lowborn thing, you were only ever a shield against the foreign tribes, yet you dare call yourself a man of Zhao?” Another beside him folded his arms and sneered, “We only honored you as Supreme General because you had a few troops under your command. Don’t think yourself so capable that you can shout at us. Are you worthy?” At that moment, Zhao Ji’s earlier words echoed through Li Mu’s mind: “Supreme General, our shared roots as one people are threatened by foreign tribes. We are all descendants of Yan and Huang—why must we slaughter one another?” Li Mu suddenly realized that Zhao Ji, a man of Qin, at least knew they shared a common hatred, while these people before him were truly detestable. Li Mu said to those hateful Zhao ministers, "All you want is to use the flesh and blood of my men of Dai to protect your own lives." One of the ministers behind him glanced over and replied, "Ridiculous. There has always been high and low in this world. Otherwise, wouldn't all ritual and order fall into chaos?" The man beside him immediately cut in, "Why waste words on a vulgar boor like him? It only lowers our own status. Let's go." Suddenly, from behind Li Mu, an arrow carrying a wine gourd shot over, startling him. The arrow bearing the gourd slammed hard into the wall. Its impact was terrifying, and the struck section of wall shattered, fragments flying everywhere. The two ministers screamed in fright, "Heavens! Tyrant Qin! Tyrant Qin is attacking!" Riding the Blood Tiger with bow in hand, Zhao Ji shouted, "General Li, I truly do not wish to see the descendants of Yan and Huang slaughter one another, but I have no choice, for the great cause of unifying the realm still remains. I know you understand righteousness, so now I ask you this: do you truly wish to watch Zhao and Qin destroy each other, only for other tribes to reap the benefits?" Pointing at the Qin soldiers, Zhao Ji continued, "Look carefully at these six hundred thousand young soldiers, filled with passion. They clearly could have joined forces with you, fought with one heart against foreign enemies, and protected Huaxia together. Yet now they are being driven to the point of slaughtering their own kind." Zhao Ji rode up close to the city gate and looked up at Li Mu. "If, General, you truly understand this greater cause, then I am willing to stop the war and withdraw. Great Qin will guarantee the safety of all officers and soldiers within the city, and keep Dai secure. We can sit together, drink the fine wine of Huaxia, and join forces against foreign invaders. But if you are unwilling, then this cup of wine will be my tribute to the soldiers of Qin and Zhao who are about to die beneath my sword." "Like sons of Yan and Huang, we should drink good wine together and fight foreign enemies together." As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Ji uncapped the wine gourd and drained it in great gulps, showing his resolve. The surrounding soldiers all shouted in unison, "Like sons of Yan and Huang, we should drink good wine together and fight foreign enemies together!" A general at Li Mu's side, his face full of worry and confusion, said, "General, they are ready to die to take the city. Our chances of victory are very slim. Do we really want to fight?" Another added, "We have defended our homeland and fought off many invading states before. But after this battle, I'm afraid those states will all profit from our mutual destruction." Li Mu held the wine gourd in his hand and fell into deep thought. That Zhao minister pointed at Li Mu's face again and shouted, "Defending Zhao against the Qin army is our duty. How can we surrender? Li Mu, send out the troops at once!" Li Mu was enraged by those words. "A moment ago you were calling us lowly commoners, and now you want us to throw away our lives for a Zhao state that has already perished!" Then Li Mu said no more and emptied the gourd in one breath. Li Mu smashed the gourd hard against the city wall. He turned and ordered the soldiers, "Men, seize that pack of incompetents who only wanted to flee to Yan, and tie them all up for me!" Those ministers were instantly terrified, too frightened to keep cursing. One of them cried out, "Do you think Qin will spare you just because you surrender?" "You fool! You are the disgrace of Zhao!" Li Mu's eyes turned icy and his voice dropped. "Wasn't it you who said I was unworthy of being a man of Zhao?" "I simply do not wish for a hundred thousand soldiers and the common people of this land to slaughter one another for a Zhao state that fell long ago." Then Li Mu turned and shouted, "Open the city gates at once and welcome our compatriots into the city!" The soldiers behind him obeyed with one heart. The gates of Dai were opened, and when the Qin soldiers saw this, they erupted in cheers. "Dai has surrendered! We don't have to fight anymore!" What had happened was somewhat unexpected. Even Wang Jian was surprised. "Li Mu surrendered? Is it real or not?" Huan Yi beside him replied, "The city gates are already open. How could it be fake? Zhao Ji, you have saved the lives of many soldiers." Zhao Ji said to Wang Jian and Huan Yi, "Li Mu did not surrender. He merely chose his own people." As the city gates stood open, General Li Mu walked out holding his wine gourd high. A system notification appeared. Conquered Dai. The player's great achievement in destroying Zhao has been completed. Outside Dai, it was already night. Inside the city, a wine banquet was underway. Wang Jian raised his cup to Li Mu and said, "Welcome, General Li Mu, to Great Qin." Then he looked around and asked, "Where did Zhao Ji go? How can this banquet possibly be without him?" Huan Yi replied, "He said he can't hold his drink well and has gone to rest. He's been worn out for days, so don't disturb him." Late at night, Zhao Ji used the excuse of returning to his room to check the system. Zhao Ji opened the system and ordered it, "Settle the mission rewards." A system screen appeared. Player command received. Congratulations, player, on completing the mission. Beast Taming specialty successfully unlocked. Successfully killed the King of Zhao and exterminated Zhao. Does the player wish to receive this Beast Taming skill? Zhao Ji answered happily, "I finally unlocked it. Happily accept." The system screen displayed: Player command received. Activating Beast Taming skill. Beginning skill transmission. Skill transmission complete. The player's current skill is Level 1. At that moment, a small flame appeared in Zhao Ji's hand. Somewhat disappointed, he said, "It doesn't feel like anything changed at all." The system screen displayed Zhao Ji's current stats. Character: Zhao Ji. Secondary specialty: Beginner Beast Taming, Level 1. Can communicate with wild beasts and birds. Beast Taming skill: Taming Aura. Can tame small creatures not exceeding Level 1. Tamed divine beast: bird-beast, Level 12. Innate Second Layer Realm. Physical strength: 3,000. True qi: acquired cultivation technique. Completed basic content of the Heavenly Origin Divine Art, inexhaustible vitality. Can restore true qi and cultivate martial arts. Completed most basic swordsmanship: one strike releases invisible sword qi. Completed intermediate swordsmanship. Ferocious Tiger Fist: each punch carries a tiger's roar effect and can create an explosion with greatly multiplied lethality. Original physical strength completed. Archery skill: Divine Arrow Art, completed. Comprehended Three Hundred Arrows Without Missing, Practical Linked Shots, Tiger-Infused Arrow. Completed comprehension of the Overlord Halberd technique. Owned weapons: Overlord Halberd, Qinggang Sword. Armor, Ten-Stone Bow, Eight Treasures. Owned attribute: winning hearts and minds. Army-training attribute: can command armies and help the player's side maintain one hundred percent morale and combat power. Owned attribute: authority of a supreme general; all subordinate generals stand in awe. Experience needed for next level: 38,650. After reading it, Zhao Ji sighed. "No wonder the level is so low. System, can you raise the Beast Taming skill level a bit more? At this low a level, do you expect me to go tame sparrows?" The system replied, "Skill levels can be upgraded using points. Does the player wish to upgrade now? Raise it to the highest possible level. Beginning point conversion." At once, countless fierce beasts appeared in Zhao Ji's mind: eagles, savage wolves, phoenixes. The system notified him: "Congratulations. Beast Taming has been raised one level to Level 2, one level to Level 3, one level to Level 4. Maximum level reached. The player may now tame any wild beast or bird below Level 11. The player has 600 points remaining." Zhao Ji said, "Now that's more like it. For the time being, this level should be enough for me to use." Zhao Ji took out a piece of blue jade from his robes and looked at it with some melancholy. In the blink of an eye, three years had already passed since he left the village. "Now that Zhao has been destroyed, all I need is an edict from the palace, and then I can go back to see her. Wait for me." The next day, the three generals Wang Jian, Huan Yi, and Li Mu came before Zhao Ji. Wang Jian raised a cup and said, "Come, Zhao Ji, drain this cup with this old man and train your tolerance. When we gather again in Xianyang, we won't leave until we're drunk." Huan Yi spoke up as well, "I, Huan Yi, have never forced anyone before. Who would have thought you'd agree so quickly to return to Handan?" Wang Jian immediately cut in on Zhao Ji's behalf. "Returning to Handan is because he is obeying his superior's orders to take over the position of supreme general and rebuild the great camp. With something this good, why wouldn't he agree?" Then he turned to Zhao Ji and said curiously, "This time, when you return to Handan, you will truly become a mighty supreme general guarding a whole region. We are all happy for you. Once everything is arranged properly, then return to Xianyang. His Majesty will surely reward you generously." Zhao Ji smiled and replied, "Then I'll accept General Wang's kind words." The old general answered at once, "No need to be so polite." "Our relationship is already this close. Just call me Uncle Wang." Huan Yi added, "Call me Uncle Huan too, Zhao Ji. Last time I returned to Xianyang to take office, Li Si was quite harshly opposed to you. If he keeps it up this time, you needn't be courteous with him. Old men like us will be a solid backing for you." Zhao Ji immediately clasped his hands and bowed respectfully. "Many thanks for the favor, Uncle Wang, Uncle Huan. Zhao Ji will remember it." Inwardly he thought, "The Meng family has always looked out for me, and now I also have Wang Jian and Huan Yi by my side. Even if I have to go to court, no one will be able to stand against me anymore." Wang Jian and Huan Yi mounted their horses, then turned back and said to Zhao Ji, "Then set out early. Old Huan and I still have a few matters to finish here. We will surely meet again in Xianyang later." Li Mu said to Wang Jian and Huan Yi, "You two generals may go on ahead. I wish to stay a little longer to see General Zhao off." Watching the two generals ride away, Zhao Ji asked Li Mu, "General Li, is there something else you wish to say to me?" Li Mu knelt before Zhao Ji and said, "General Zhao, please accept this bow from your subordinate." Li Mu's action startled Zhao Ji. "General Li, what do you mean by this?" Li Mu continued, "General Zhao, this time, being able to preserve peace in Dai is enough to satisfy my heart. Yet the King of Qin even granted me grace to continue guarding Dai. I know this is because you spoke a few words for me before the King of Qin." "General Zhao, here and now I swear that my three hundred thousand troops will be integrated into Qin. However, if one day General Zhao gives an order, then even if I must defy the mandate of Heaven, I will still obey your command and serve you with absolute loyalty, even if it means plunging into boiling water or fire." Hearing those words, Zhao Ji realized, "Li Mu has suddenly taken the initiative to submit to me like this. He must have guessed at least part of what I am thinking. But friendship between gentlemen has never needed so many words. For now, I'll just accept his sincerity." Then Zhao Ji replied to Li Mu, "Good. I understand General Li's intentions." Suddenly a loud voice called out, "My lord! My lord!" Zhao Ji, who had been slumped over the table, abruptly woke at Tu Sui's voice. "Tu Sui, did I fall asleep?" Tu Sui stepped forward and replied, "Since returning to Handan, my lord has done nothing but handle official duties. You have not rested for over half a month. It is only natural that you would collapse from exhaustion. I have already integrated all the surrendered soldiers with our own forces, and the Zhao Regional Army has also been established. We now await the general's orders." Hearing this, Zhao Ji held his head, feeling somewhat weary. He thought, "Right. It's already been half a month since I returned from Dai to Handan. Yet in my dreams, I still think I'm in Dai. I've really worked myself half mad." Then Zhao Ji stood and said to Tu Sui, "Well done. Pass down the order to prepare to depart for Xianyang. This time, two thousand personal guards accompanying me will be enough." Tu Sui said worriedly, "My lord, do you not need rest? Recover for a few more days. You are truly too exhausted." Zhao Ji replied, "No need." The next day, the force preparing to return to Xianyang assembled. At the command to depart, the Supreme General set out. Zhao Ji sat in the carriage, lifting the curtain to look outside. "If I meet the King of Qin one day sooner, I can rest one day sooner and prepare to return home one day sooner. After being away from Li Village for all these years, I finally understand what it means to long to go home." Ten days later, Zhao Ji's party arrived at Mount Xia in the outskirts of Xianyang. Not far away, Qin Sheng had long been standing there in command of a unit of Imperial Guards. Seeing this, Wei Cai spurred his horse up beside the carriage and anxiously reported to Zhao Ji, "Supreme General, Xianyang lies just ahead, but Qin Sheng is there below the city with the Imperial Guards. I do not know what this means." Zhao Ji lifted the curtain and looked ahead, then said, "Don't be tense yet. Move forward and take a look first." Wei Cai nodded and obeyed. "Understood." Zhao Ji's party continued onward. Though he said that, Zhao Ji, sitting in the carriage, could not help feeling uneasy. "The Imperial Guards are blocking us outside the city. This must be one of Ying Zheng's arrangements. What is he planning? Could it be that Ying Zheng listened to Li Si's slander and is now guarding against me? Is he afraid my great merits will lead me to usurp the throne? If so, I need to make preparations early. But I still feel that Ying Zheng shouldn't be that kind of person." After advancing for a while, Zhao Ji's party finally came face to face with Qin Sheng's force. At that moment, Zhao Ji slowly lifted the carriage curtain, and said in a sharp voice, "The one blocking the way ahead is General Qin Sheng, is it not? What is the meaning of the Imperial Guards being here?" Hearing this, Qin Sheng quickly dismounted, dropped to one knee, and said excitedly, "Supreme General, there is no need for you to alight from the carriage." Then Qin Sheng began explaining why he was there. "Supreme General, from the moment you entered Xianyang territory, His Majesty led the court officials and the people of the city to wait in welcome. This subordinate was ordered by His Majesty to come and receive Supreme General Zhao Ji in triumph as he returns to the capital. I ask the Supreme General to remain steadily seated in your carriage and follow me quickly into the city." Hearing this explanation, Zhao Ji realized he had misunderstood and gave an awkward smile. His tone softened as well. "Then I'll trouble the general to lead the way." Inwardly, Zhao Ji could not help reproaching himself. "In the end, it was my own petty heart. Ying Zheng, as King of Qin, personally led the officials out to welcome me and gave me such grand honor." Then Zhao Ji's party resumed their journey toward the capital. At that moment, Zhao Ji thought again, "Ying Zheng, if you truly treat me like this, then I, Zhao Ji, will certainly never betray you. And if your sons can also remain this sincere, then I too can help you protect Great Qin's realm and keep the land of Yan and Huang unified." Meanwhile, at the city gate, the King of Qin had long been waiting there, his solemn face fixed on the road ahead. The ministers behind him saw Zhao Ji's party approaching and cried out in surprise, "Look! Zhao Ji's carriage has arrived!" Qin Sheng led the convoy over. Seeing the King of Qin outside the city, he hurriedly knelt and reported, "Reporting to Your Majesty, your servant Qin Sheng obeyed your order to welcome Supreme General Zhao Ji. The Supreme General has now arrived." Seeing that Zhao Ji had arrived, the King of Qin rushed forward. The ministers behind him panicked and ran after him, trying to stop him. "Your Majesty, please don't go!" Wei Cai, seeing the King come before the convoy and not knowing what was happening, promptly knelt and saluted respectfully. "Y-Your Majesty, this subordinate pays respects to Your Majesty." The King of Qin nodded and said, "Rise," while looking toward the man inside the carriage. He could not help feeling stirred. "Zhao Ji, you and I have finally met." The King of Qin quickly walked to the side of the carriage and lifted the curtain. At that same moment, Zhao Ji also lifted the curtain from inside and came out. The King of Qin and Zhao Ji looked into each other's eyes, both stunned when they saw the other. Zhao Ji thought, "So this is Qin Shi Huang? He actually came to my carriage himself just to lift the curtain for me?" Only then did Zhao Ji recover himself, exclaiming in shock, "Your Majesty!" He immediately dropped to his knees in salute. "Your servant Zhao Ji pays respects to Your Majesty. What merit or virtue do I possess to trouble Your Majesty to step forward in person? I have already settled all matters in Zhao territory and established the great camp at Handan. The whole army numbers three hundred thousand. I have now returned in obedience to Your Majesty's command." The King of Qin hastily stepped forward to help Zhao Ji up, speaking in a warm and gentle tone. "Good, good, good. Rise, Zhao Qing, and speak." As soon as Zhao Ji stood, the King of Qin warmly took Zhao Ji's hand and led him forward, laughing excitedly. "All of you, come and look. This man is Zhao Ji, the number one meritorious official of Great Qin, who has repeatedly rendered extraordinary service over these past three years. For Heaven to bestow Zhao Ji upon Great Qin is the fortune of Great Qin, the fortune of the people, and the happiness of the realm." All the ministers bowed respectfully and called out congratulations to the King. The King of Qin led Zhao Ji to his own royal carriage and said kindly, "Come, Zhao Qing, ride with me. I want everyone to see the bearing of Great Qin's valiant general." Zhao Ji still had not fully recovered from the King's words and stammered, "This servant thanks Your Majesty." Then, still dazed, Zhao Ji was pulled by the King of Qin into the carriage to sit beside him. The King of Qin's carriage and Zhao Ji's procession moved through the streets of the capital, and the people on both sides shouted excitedly, "General Zhao Ji! Supreme General Zhao Ji! Ten thousand years to the King! Supreme General Zhao Ji! Ten thousand years to the King!" At that moment, the King of Qin paid no attention to those cheers. Instead, he stared fixedly at Zhao Ji's face. A thought arose in the King of Qin's mind. "Was I overthinking it before? Yet how can there be someone in this world who looks so much alike? He is the image of Dong'er. If Dong'er and I had a child, he would look just like this, wouldn't he?" But the King of Qin quickly rejected the thought. It was not only the appearance; he had also never felt such intimacy from anyone as he felt from Zhao Ji. Seeing the King of Qin staring at him, Zhao Ji felt his whole body stiffen. "Your Majesty...?" The King of Qin smiled brightly and replied, "It is my gaze that is improper. For many years, I have hoped to meet you. Today that wish has finally been fulfilled." "I am truly delighted." The King of Qin even quickly draped an arm over Zhao Ji's shoulder and said with a broad smile, "Zhao Ji, I am truly satisfied with you." Zhao Ji, having an arm thrown over his shoulder, was still stunned and unable to adjust. The ministers below were just as shocked. Someone said, "Did you see that? His Majesty is actually so close with Zhao Ji?" The ministers beside him immediately explained that Zhao Ji had rendered great service, so of course the King was pleased. The assembled officials then began discussing it animatedly among themselves: the King truly valued Zhao Ji, who had become a Supreme General at such a young age and clearly had boundless prospects ahead of him. A minister standing beside Li Si sighed and said, "Such royal favor is truly one of a kind. From now on, I doubt anyone at court will dare offend this great meritorious official again. Don't you agree, Lord Commandant?" Li Si said nothing outwardly, but inwardly he was already furious. He thought to himself, "Who could have imagined Zhao Ji would rise to his current position? He should have been my son-in-law, but now I must think of a way to win him over again." Inside Zhangtai Palace, the King of Qin took Zhao Ji by the hand and led him inside. His face was glowing with undisguised joy. Zhao Ji felt that the place he was being led into was somewhat inappropriate, so he said uneasily, "Your Majesty, this is the inner palace. I am an outer court official. I truly do not dare." The King of Qin signaled that there was no need to worry and said with a smile, "I have long wanted to have a heart-to-heart with you. Must we choose the court for that? You need only follow me." Seeing how attentive and cheerful the King was, and then looking at the hand gripping his wrist, Zhao Ji felt something rather subtle. This is a little different from what I imagined. Or rather, Ying Zheng is being a bit too intimate with me. But on second thought, having a private talk would make it more convenient for me to ask for leave. The King of Qin walked ahead to the sand table and slowly said, "Zhao Ji, I have always kept this sand table in the main inner hall precisely to remind myself. Come here now and tell me..." "What do you see from here?" Zhao Ji looked at the enormous sand table before him and could not help feeling puzzled. But faced with the King's question, Zhao Ji chose silence. After a moment of silence, Zhao Ji said, "The lands of all under Heaven." Hearing this, the King of Qin smiled in satisfaction. "Zhao Ji, you truly do understand me. Ever since I heard of your discussion regarding Han and Zhao, I knew that your heart and mine were set on the same place." The King could not help marveling inwardly at Zhao Ji's ability. That kind of clarity—even my most outstanding sons have never shown it. Just then, Zhao Gao entered leading a group of palace maids, who were carrying all kinds of delicacies. Zhao Gao respectfully bowed and said, "Your Majesty, the midday meal has been prepared. Please dine." Seeing that the King was about to eat, Zhao Ji felt it was no longer suitable for him to remain, so he asked to withdraw. "Your Majesty is about to dine. It would be improper for this subject to remain here. I ask permission to take my leave." But how could the King of Qin let Zhao Ji go? He immediately refused. "You are not leaving." Then he stepped closer and said, "Zhao Ji, stay. Didn't I say I wanted to have a proper talk with you? How can you leave me alone? Stay and dine with me." Zhao Ji froze again. "Huh?" Then he quickly obeyed. "This subject obeys." Inwardly, Zhao Ji wondered, Is this also the treatment given to military officials returning to court? Standing to the side, Zhao Gao could not help feeling astonished. The King had always dined alone. Even the two young masters, Fusu and Huhai, had never received such treatment. This Zhao Ji truly was no ordinary man, to be personally invited by Ying Zheng to share a meal. At this moment, Zhao Ji was drinking strong wine together with the King, and the atmosphere was exceptionally warm and cheerful. The King enthusiastically raised his cup to Zhao Ji. "Hahaha, Zhao Ji, oh Zhao Ji! I don't know how many years it has been since I've spoken this freely. Wonderful! You brat—not only do you share my views, even your temperament is much the same." Sipping the sweet wine, Ying Zheng could not help praising it. "Your wine is excellent too—far better than the jade brew in my palace. If you had such good wine, why didn't you present it earlier?" Embarrassed, Zhao Ji lifted the wine jar and introduced it. "This wine is called Forget-Sorrow. Not only is its fragrance rich, it can also help restore stamina. I only have fifty jars in total. Even I can barely bear to drink it myself." The King immediately replied, "You brat—when it comes to the three treasures of cavalry warfare, you offer them up the moment I ask, but when it comes to fine wine, you're this stingy?" Seeing the King's feigned annoyance, Zhao Ji dropped some of the distance between them. He casually put an arm around the King's shoulders and offered a condition. "But if Your Majesty agrees to one request of mine, I'll give you ten jars. What do you think?" The King also joked openly. "You little rascal, are you bargaining with me? Go on." At this moment, Zhao Ji's face was full of longing and anticipation. He said to the King, "This subject has been in the army for four years and has not seen his wife. Now that Zhao has been pacified, I wish to return home and marry my fiancée, Yan'er." Ying Zheng happily agreed. "So that's what it is. I approve completely." Then the King suddenly asked Zhao Ji out of curiosity, "Speaking of which, there is something I must tell you. The other day, that Li Si submitted a memorial asking to acknowledge Li Yan'er again. But what he did in the past was truly contemptible, so I rejected it. At the same time, I permitted Li Yan'er to recognize General Meng Wu as her adoptive father, so that he could take charge of her marriage arrangements. What do you think?" Zhao Ji hurriedly bowed in gratitude. "Zhao Ji thanks Your Majesty for your consideration. Otherwise, this subject truly would have found it difficult to address Li Si as father-in-law." The King raised his wine cup again and continued asking, "Besides, the marriage of the realm's foremost meritorious official must certainly be richly rewarded by me. I heard your mother has passed away, but that does not mean the reward can be omitted. May I ask your mother's surname and where she was from?" Zhao Ji respectfully replied, "Thank you for Your Majesty's grace. My mother's name was Dong'er. She was from Zhao. As for my father... since I was very young, he abandoned my mother and me. He must have been a heartless man, so there is no need to mention him." Upon hearing the name Dong'er, the King's face darkened, and the hand holding the wine cup began to tremble. He could hardly believe it. Shocked, he thought, Your mother was Dong'er? And you have no father? The King suddenly felt a splitting headache and could no longer sit steadily. Zhao Ji anxiously cried out, "Your Majesty! Your Majesty!" The King's mind was spinning. Dong'er of Zhao... and Zhao Ji's appearance is so much like hers. Could it be...? He stared fixedly at Zhao Ji, then said softly, "Ah... it's nothing. I simply haven't drunk in a long time, so I'm a little drunk. I approve your request to take leave and rest." Delighted, Zhao Ji quickly bowed. "Many thanks, Your Majesty. Then this subject will return at once to Li Family Village. This subject takes his leave and hopes Your Majesty will rest well." With that, Zhao Ji briskly departed. As he reached the doorway, he called loudly to the attendants, "Someone! His Majesty is drunk!" From behind him, Ying Zheng raised a hand and called after his back, "H-Hey, you little rascal, I haven't finished speaking yet! Get back here!" Zhao Ji still heard those words. But he resolutely left the banquet hall anyway. Smiling to himself, he thought, If I don't leave now, who knows how long I'll be kept here? I've already obtained the royal decree, so there's no need to keep wrangling with you. Zhao Ji quickened his pace as he went, while the King remained behind, frowning and shouting after him, "Zhao Ji! Zhao Ji! You little brat!" The eunuch hurriedly supported the King and grumbled, "Oh dear, Your Majesty, how did you get this drunk?" Then he ordered the guards, "Quick, help His Majesty to rest." Several days later, in Li Family Village, Xi'er and Ji'er, Zhao Ji's twin children, were playing mischievously on the roof. Xi'er proudly showed off to their great-grandfather, "Great-Grandpa, Great-Grandpa, look how high we've climbed! Aren't we amazing?" The children's great-grandfather spread his arms anxiously, trying to coax them down. "Xi'er, Ji'er, why are you scaring Great-Grandpa like this? Come down quickly." Their mother grew irritated and scolded them unhappily, "You two little troublemakers, get down here right now. Otherwise, when your father comes back, I'll tell him on you." But Xi'er was still stubborn and refused to listen. Waving a tender branch in her hand, she challenged her mother, "If Father knew I dared climb this high, he'd definitely praise us for being brave. One day I'll go to the battlefield just like Father and become a great general." Ji'er also cheered along with Xi'er, "I'm brave too!" Then the mischievous little girl skipped about on the roof—and suddenly lost her footing and fell. Seeing this, Xi'er screamed, "Ji'er!" The children's great-grandfather and Yan'er also cried out in panic, "Ji'er! Yan'er!" Fortunately, a strong hand reached out in time and caught the two children. One hand caught Ji'er, while the other lifted Xi'er, gathering both children into his arms. Zhao Ji lovingly scolded his children, "You little rascals. A real man may be brave, but he won't be reckless like you." The two children stared at him blankly and asked, "Father? Are you our father?" When Yan'er saw Zhao Ji, tears streamed down her face as she called his name, "Brother Ji." Zhao Ji also looked at Yan'er happily and replied, "Yan'er, I'm back." Yan'er immediately threw herself into Zhao Ji's arms, filled with longing. "Brother Ji!" Zhao Ji held her tightly too and poured out his feelings. "Yan'er, at last... I can return openly and properly marry you." From the distance, General Meng Wu walked over and greeted Zhao Ji happily. "Zhao Ji, boy, you came back without even telling us." Zhao Ji quickly explained, "General Meng, General Meng—you were here too? Has everyone arrived already? I just got home, so I didn't have time to pay my respects." Then Zhao Ji, knowing proper courtesy, hurriedly bowed to General Meng Wu. "Zhao Ji has been away from home for a long time. Many thanks to all of you for taking care of my wife and children. Please accept Zhao Ji's bow." General Meng Wu replied cheerfully, "Why are you being so polite? I am Yan'er's adoptive father. Taking care of my daughter is only natural." Xia Wuqie also added, "Ji'er and Xi'er call me Great-Grandpa. This old man has long treated them as my own great-grandchildren." Meng Tian also came up quickly, slung an arm around Zhao Ji, and greeted him with a grin. "Long time no see. Why are you being so formal, brat? Tonight, we don't go home until we're drunk. We can also discuss your wedding arrangements. We can't let Yan'er be slighted." Zhao Ji answered readily, "I will definitely prepare ten miles of red dowry and make Yan'er the happiest bride of all." After the greetings were over, Xia Wuqie turned and quietly said to General Meng Wu, "General, Zhao Ji has returned from Xianyang. He must have already seen the King. I'm afraid Dong'er's matter can no longer be concealed. We must make preparations early." Just as the two were discussing how to answer the King, they noticed the King's men. "Huh? Aren't those the Black Ice Platform shadow guards? They've already reached Li Family Village." The King arrived at Li Family Village. Heartbroken, he raised his hand to stroke the grave marker of Zhao Ji's mother—the woman he had loved and missed. Then he turned to Xia Wuqie and Meng Wu with a pained expression and reproached them, "Do you have anything to say for yourselves?" General Meng Wu had no choice but to explain, "We have offended Your Majesty, but in the face of the state and the realm, we ministers truly had no alternative." The King, grief-stricken, refused to hear any explanation. He angrily cursed, "So it was all true. No wonder Father-in-law resigned from office and came here. No wonder I felt such closeness the moment I met Zhao Ji. No wonder I searched all over, even through the Six States, and still could not find Dong'er." With that, the King drew his sword and attempted to kill himself. "I searched the whole world, never knowing that the person I sought no longer existed in it." General Meng Wu hurried forward to stop the King. "Absolutely not!" The King struggled and shoved Meng Wu away. "Let go of me! The realm, the state, unifying all under Heaven? If Dong'er is gone, what use is there in my unifying the world?" Then the King of Qin, overwhelmed with anguish, shouted with tears in his eyes, "Meng Wu, let go! I cannot let Dong'er lie there all alone. I have to go down and stay with her. I was her Brother Zheng." Suddenly, Xia Wuqie slapped the King hard across the face. The King stared at him in shock. "Father-in-law..." Xia Wuqie grieved for his daughter, but sternly scolded the King, "Ying Zheng, is this how you repay Dong'er for hiding from you these past twenty years? She bore every hardship alone. She did it for you and for all under Heaven. Was it so she could watch you go and die?" The King collapsed helplessly to the ground and lamented, "But Father-in-law, without Dong'er, I have nothing left in this world to hold on to. Just let me go find her." Xia Wuqie angrily shouted, "You still have your great undertaking unfinished, all the people under Heaven, and Zhao Ji—and your two grandchildren. Are you just going to cast all of that aside? Especially Zhao Ji: he has already lost his mother. Must you make him lose his father too before you'll be satisfied?" At these words, the King seemed to awaken. "Zhao Ji... my son... and my two grandchildren..." The King recalled the warm scenes of the past with Dong'er. Back then, Zhao Ji's mother had said to him, "Brother Zheng, if we have a son in the future, shall we name him Ji'er?" Ying Zheng had agreed at the time. "Yes, yes—Ying Ji. A fine name. Once you give birth to him, I will give this entire realm to him." Xia Wuqie continued reasoning with the King. "The realm is not yet at peace, and it is still full of schemes and conspiracies. If you die, how will Ji'er ever acknowledge his ancestors and return to the clan? If future rulers learn of his identity, how could they possibly spare his life? Are you not afraid Ah Fang will hate you?" At this point, the King was truly awakened. "Yes... I still have my Ji'er." The King made up his mind and vowed to Dong'er, "Dong'er, wait for Brother Zheng a little longer." "Brother Zheng must protect the flesh and blood we share. I must hand Ji'er a stable and secure realm." At that very moment, Zhao Ji was doting on his two children, letting them ride Blood Tiger around for fun. Zhao Ji ran after Blood Tiger while loudly warning it, "Blood Tiger, be careful—don't let the children fall." Suddenly Blood Tiger's eyes widened and it let out a loud growl. Seeing this, Zhao Ji asked, "Blood Tiger, what's wrong? Is something happening?" It turned out the King was standing on the opposite side. The King cheerfully praised Zhao Ji. "I truly never expected that the Supreme General of Great Qin could tame a ferocious tiger. You have really broadened my horizons. As for the Supreme General's wedding, of course I had to come—besides, you still owe me ten jars of Forget-Sorrow wine." The two children looked at the King excitedly. They asked in unison, "Who are you, sir? Are you Father's friend? You're older than Father—can we call you Grandpa?" The King was overjoyed to hear this. He stepped closer to the children and replied tenderly, "Good, good. Call me Grandpa—just call me Grandpa. Come here, let Grandpa hold you. Grandpa will take you over there to play, all right?" Xi'er answered excitedly, "All right!" Ji'er and Xi'er both liked Grandpa and wanted to play with him very much. Standing nearby, Zhao Ji couldn't make heads or tails of it. He wondered inwardly, Did Ying Zheng in history like children this much? Besides, I've never heard of a custom in Qin where the King personally attends a minister's wedding. Very soon, Zhao Ji and Yan'er's wedding was held. The ceremonial cries of the wedding night rang through the darkness. "First bow to Heaven and Earth! Second bow to the elders! Husband and wife bow to each other!" The other people of Li Family Village who had been invited to the wedding were filled with gratitude and admiration. "Oh, what an enormous honor this is! How many weddings could possibly have the King seated in the place of the high elders?" Another person chimed in, "That's because of General Zhao's great merit. It's something we couldn't dream of." The bride and groom gazed at each other lovingly. Zhao Ji confessed to Yan'er, "Yan'er, are you willing to spend this life and the next with me?" Deeply moved, Yan'er replied, "Brother Ji, Yan'er is willing to stay by your side for all eternity." General Meng Wu cheerfully announced, "The wedding rites are complete—escort the newlyweds into the bridal chamber!" Outside Li Family Village, Li Si was angrily demanding to enter the wedding. He snapped at the guard, "My daughter is getting married. I am her father. Why won't you let me in?" The guard, utterly unafraid, answered sharply, "Lord Li Si, you know perfectly well, so why ask? Haven't you made your own wrongdoing clear enough in your heart?" Then he continued firmly, "In the beginning, it was you who drove away the general's wife and severed your father-daughter bond. Later, in court, you slandered the general as well. Now His Majesty has decreed that the general's wife has entered the Meng family register. What does she have to do with you anymore?" Then he threw two bundles of silver in front of Li Si and said plainly, "There are 2,700 taels of gold here. The Supreme General said that although you never raised Madam from birth, this sum may be considered repayment for the grace of giving her life." "From this day forward, the Zhao and Li families have no relation whatsoever." He continued lecturing Li Si right to his face. "The Supreme General also told us to inform you that in a few days, by His Majesty's order, Han Fei will take office in Xianyang. You should make your own preparations." Then, leaving Li Si standing there, the guards urged one another along. "We still have to go drink the general's wedding wine. Why waste time here talking to Lord Li Si?" Then they dismissed him. "Well then, Lord Li Si, take care on your way. We won't see you out." Li Si stood outside, boiling with rage, gritting his teeth while feeling both angry and uneasy about his own position. Han Fei is going to serve in Xianyang? Zhao Ji, are you determined to tear off all pretense with me? Fine then—we'll wait and see. The realm is not yet unified, so naturally you are glorious and resplendent right now. But once the world is unified and there is no longer any need for war, I absolutely will not let you off. Inside the bridal chamber, Zhao Ji gazed warmly at his bride. "Yan'er..." He gently took Yan'er's hand, and the atmosphere was deeply romantic. He reached out and caressed Yan'er's beautiful face. Zhao Ji said to her, "Yan'er, now you have finally truly become my bride. A spring night is worth a thousand gold." Just as they were preparing to consummate the marriage, Then the utterly tactless system suddenly announced: “Congratulations, Host, on successfully marrying a wife and completing the hidden mission. Reward: top-grade Profound-tier cultivation method, Earth Sunflower True Qi.” Zhao Ji was so startled that he cursed the system inwardly. This damned system really had no sense of timing. Showing up right now—was it trying to scare him to death? Seeing him jump, Yan’er asked, “Brother Ji, what’s wrong?” Zhao Ji answered calmly, “I originally planned to tell you another day, little by little. But now that the mood has already been ruined, I might as well tell you now.” Yan’er was also rather anxious. She asked, “Brother Ji, what is it that you want to tell me? Hurry and say it. Whatever it is, Yan’er can accept it.” So Zhao Ji raised his hand and displayed the hidden martial art technique. Yan’er stared in surprise. “Wh-what is this?” A flaming eagle flew out and circled the room. Yan’er asked again, “Wh-what is that?” Zhao Ji happily explained to her, “Yan’er, the reason I was able to rise so quickly and win every battle is because I received an immortal’s inheritance. Today, I want to pass this cultivation method on to you, but you must remember this well—you absolutely cannot tell anyone else.” Yan’er agreed at once. “An immortal’s inheritance? Brother Ji actually had such a great fortuitous encounter. Yan’er will definitely keep her mouth shut.” The system displayed another message: “After the host cultivates the Earth Sunflower True Scripture, it can merge with the Tianyuan cultivation method to form the core technique, the Tianyuan Earth Sunflower Marvelous Gate, Yin-Yang True Scripture. Does the host wish to cultivate and merge them?” Zhao Ji agreed immediately. As he cultivated, he thought, Tianyuan is yang, Earth Sunflower is yin—if these two are combined, their power will definitely double. The fusion cultivation went very quickly, and Zhao Ji soon advanced to the next level. After his breakthrough, Yan’er saw that he looked a little tired and asked worriedly, “Brother Ji, I never thought the immortal arts people speak of were actually real. Today I truly had my horizons broadened.” Then Zhao Ji said to Yan’er, “Yan’er, just now my internal power increased again. Now I’ll pass the cultivation method to you. If in the future we can live forever together, then as husband and wife, we’ll never be separated.” Yan’er nodded gently. “Mm.” Then Zhao Ji suddenly grew bashful and suggested, “But... I feel like we could try a different way of passing on the technique.” Yan’er asked uncertainly, “Huh? What way?” Zhao Ji answered shyly in a soft voice, “Dual cultivation.” And so that night, the two of them spent a passionate and romantic wedding night together. Early the next morning, when Zhao Ji happily whistled as he went to open the door, he froze the very next second. Before his eyes, Xi’er was riding Blood Tiger. The little girl pouted and urged her “Grandpa King,” “Big kitty, big kitty, hurry up! Grandpa, wait a little, let Xi’er ride too!” On the ground, the King of Qin was on all fours, letting Ji’er ride on his back. He replied indulgently, “Haha, alright, alright. In a moment Grandpa will be a horse for Xi’er too.” Utterly horrified, Zhao Ji rushed over and quickly lifted Ji’er off the King of Qin’s back. He sternly scolded the boy, “Ji’er, you mustn’t be so rude!” The King of Qin only smiled and gently defended the two children. “Haha, what’s rude about it? I like these two children very much. Hurry and put Ji’er down.” After that, the King of Qin picked up both children and said to Zhao Ji, “I’ve decided. I’ll open a residence for you in Xianyang. After you return to the army camp, Yan’er can bring these two children to Xianyang. It’s safer there, and I’ll also be able to see them every day.” Zhao Ji was still trembling as he replied, “Many thanks, Your Majesty.” Yan’er had been standing by the doorway the whole time. Watching the King of Qin’s actions, she secretly felt delighted. So the First Emperor of Qin really did like children? This scene was honestly a little strange. She called softly, “Your Majesty, Brother Ji, Ji’er, Xi’er, everyone come in and eat.” Watching the two mischievous children run toward their mother, and looking at Zhao Ji’s mature back, the King of Qin stood there in satisfaction. Dong’er... wasn’t this peaceful life exactly what you and I once wanted? It’s a pity the two of us were not blessed enough for it, but our Ji’er is blessed. Our Ji’er excels in both civil and martial matters, values love and loyalty. With him here, I no longer worry that this realm will be unstable in the future. After pacifying the Nine Provinces, I’ll hand this throne over to Ji’er. At that time, I’ll be able to go look for you in peace. After thinking for a while, the King of Qin called Zhao Ji over. “Boy Zhao, wait a moment. I have something to say to you.” “Yes, Your Majesty.” The two then went into the tent to drink tea. The King of Qin, Ying Zheng, said calmly to Zhao Ji, “Yesterday was your wedding. Although I already rewarded you with gold, silver, and land, there are still two more things that I want to give you personally.” Zhao Ji answered modestly, “I dare not. Your Majesty has already bestowed very generous rewards upon this subject. And for Your Majesty to come in person was already the greatest favor of my life.” The King of Qin interrupted Zhao Ji. He took out two treasures and placed them on the table. “Enough with that act. Your mouth is already grinning ear to ear. If I’m giving them to you, just take them. One of these is the Zhanlu Sword, and the other is the jade seal made from the He Shi Bi.” Zhao Ji was stunned. “What?” He could hardly believe it and blurted out, “The Zhanlu Sword? The sword of benevolent rule, said to appear when the world is in chaos and when a ruler capable of unifying the realm is destined to arise. And the jade seal— —the jade seal of the Supreme Sovereign, made from the He Shi Bi. And the He Shi Bi is the greatest divine jade under heaven, filled with spiritual energy. Later it was made into the imperial jade seal, offering itself wholly to an enlightened ruler.” Looking at these two legendary treasures before him, Zhao Ji thought to himself that the spiritual energy within them was extremely abundant. These two artifacts were definitely genuine. For such stabilizing treasures of the state to be given to a subject like him—Ying Zheng truly valued him too highly. The King of Qin smiled and said, “What? Do you think these gifts are too shabby?” Zhao Ji immediately shook his head and replied with a smile, “Not at all. I only feel that Your Majesty’s reward is too weighty. I fear this subject cannot bear it.” The King of Qin continued, “I don’t really have anything else to give. These two things were all I had left that seemed decent, so I took them along. Just accept them.” The emperor thought to himself: Right now, the four strongest generals and all the capable ministers of Great Qin stand on your side. The only thing I can still give you is this realm itself. He turned his back and said, “Now that you are married, I should also return to Xianyang. After some rest, we’ll drink together again at Zhangtai Palace.” Zhao Ji hurriedly said, “Your Majesty...” As he spoke, he took a small bottle from his robe. “Your Majesty has rewarded me so generously, yet I have nothing to repay you with. In the past, by chance, I encountered an immortal and was given two Small Yellow Pills. I hope Your Majesty will accept them.” The King of Qin took the bottle, his eyes full of doubt. “You believe in immortal arts too? I have no shortage of this kind of thing in my palace.” Zhao Ji grew a little alarmed, afraid that the King of Qin would throw away the precious bottle, and quickly said, “To speak honestly, this is real. It’s not like those poisonous pills in your palace.” The King of Qin was startled. “Poisonous pills?” Zhao Ji cupped his hands and said, “Your Majesty, how could immortal medicine be so easily refined? Please don’t be deceived by the mercury and heavy metals those fangshi in the palace recklessly offer up. If you don’t believe me, then after returning, find a rabbit and feed it one of the palace pills. Rabbits are naturally frail—if even a little poison touches them, they will die.” He thought of what he knew from history. If Ying Zheng had not been harmed by the so-called immortality pills, he would not have died so young. Then the empire, so hard won, would not have collapsed once again. Today, since you have treated me so well, no matter what, I can’t just watch you walk toward your death. Thinking of this, he said aloud, “Your Majesty, these two pills of mine can help remove toxins from your body and strengthen your health at the same time. I only hope that, for the sake of the imperial house and the state, Your Majesty will seriously value your own well-being. If you still have doubts, you may also ask the imperial physicians to verify the efficacy of these pills.” The King of Qin looked at the small bottle and smiled. “No, I trust you. You researched and developed the wound medicine that saved countless soldiers of Great Qin. Naturally, I trust the pills you give me. Zhao Ji, you truly are a rare talent.” Zhao Ji immediately cupped his hands in delight. The King of Qin smiled and said, “Zhao Ji, I’ll wait for you at Zhangtai Palace.” With that, he turned and walked toward the gate. One month later, at Zhangtai Palace, the King of Qin was in the inner courtyard, devotedly practicing swordsmanship. Xi’er and Ji’er stood nearby watching. Seeing how fierce and mighty the king’s swordplay was, the two children clapped and exclaimed, “Wow, Grandpa is amazing!” The little girl smiled sweetly and ran over to him, asking in a cute voice, “Grandpa, are you tired? Sit down, Xi’er will help wipe your sweat.” The little boy also ran over, with Ji’er pounding his legs for him. Looking at the two lovely and obedient children, no one could help but adore them. The King of Qin smiled and said, “My good grandchildren know how to care for Grandpa now. How sensible.” He patted the two children’s heads and smiled gently. In his heart, he remembered the small bottle Zhao Ji had once given him. The Small Yellow Pill Zhao Ji had given him truly was a divine medicine. Ever since taking it, not only had his old ailments disappeared, but he also felt as though he had endless energy. Xia Wuqie entered from outside carrying a small box. The old man said, “Your Majesty, no matter how much you like these two children, you can’t keep them in the palace forever. Yan’er will miss them too.” Seeing Xia Wuqie arrive, Xi’er’s eyes lit up. “Great-Grandpa!” The King of Qin replied, “I was thinking of letting Xi’er stay here a little longer so their husband and wife can have some time together. Once Zhao Ji returns to Zhao territory, Yan’er and the children can come to Zhangtai Palace together.” The King of Qin then lowered his head and said to the two children, “Go play over there.” Xi’er and Ji’er obediently listened and left. Xia Wuqie continued, “You are already the King, yet you are still acting so willfully—how is that proper? A subject’s family staying in the palace... but it has been a very long time since I last saw Your Majesty in such good spirits, so I am also much more at ease.” The King of Qin scratched his head and replied with a smile, “It’s all thanks to the divine medicine Zhao Ji gave me. Father-in-law, your complexion has also improved greatly lately.” Xia Wuqie said, “There were only two pills, yet you gave one to me. What a waste. Speaking of which, I have something to show Your Majesty.” As he spoke, Xia Wuqie opened the box. Inside lay a rabbit, motionless and without life. Xia Wuqie said, “Every day I fed this rabbit the pills that Your Majesty used to take. Before long, it ended up like this.” The King of Qin let out an angry snort. “Good thing Zhao Ji warned me. No, keep all those fangshi in the palace under watch.” Xia Wuqie nodded and continued, “What I fear most is that those fangshi were only so bold because they were acting under certain people’s orders. Your Majesty must be careful.” The King of Qin thought to himself: If someone truly continues to covet the throne, then I must make plans early for Zhao Ji’s future. But in the end, matters concerning the state still require that Zhao Ji be tested. He glanced behind him and ordered Zhao Gao, “Summon the young masters and Zhao Ji to see me.” “Yes.” The summoned men soon arrived at Zhangtai Palace. The three young princes bowed and cupped their hands. “Young Master Fusu, Young Master Xiangsi, Young Master Gao, Young Master Huhai pay respects to Your Majesty. Your sons pay respects to Royal Father.” Ji’er, hugging the King of Qin’s leg, poked his head out and asked, “Grandpa, who are these big brothers?” The King of Qin rubbed the child’s head and smiled. “Ji’er, these are all Grandpa’s sons, but they are all younger than your father, so you should call them uncles instead.” Ji’er and Xi’er obediently greeted them, “So they’re uncles. Hello, uncles.” The King of Qin was delighted inside. My grandchildren are truly clever. Just like their father, and they also resemble me, hahaha. The King of Qin said, “Didn’t you hear Ji’er and Xi’er greeting you? And you don’t even know how to respond? Truly disgraceful.” The princes all lowered their heads. Huhai forced a smile. “Your son was too happy and forgot to answer for a moment. They are General Zhao’s two children, right? They really are adorable.” Fusu, standing at the side, said, “Royal Father, according to the rites of Great Qin, outside subjects are not allowed to remain in the palace for more than one day. How can these two children stay here so long? And how can they use kinship titles like uncles to address your sons?” At the side, Huhai hurriedly reminded him, “Royal Father cherishes talent, and so he treats Zhao Ji with the kindness of a father. Fusu, you’re meddling too much.” The King of Qin immediately frowned and said coldly, “Fusu, is this the attitude you use when speaking to me?” Fusu replied, “The world believes that Royal Father governs the state through Confucian principles—this is the proper way. Even if Royal Father does not wish to hear it, Fusu must still speak. If you do not follow ritual propriety, how can you win the trust of the people?” A voice came from the entrance to the hall: “Young Master Fusu’s tone is rather strange. Your mouth is full of ritual propriety, yet you are being unfilial to the king—what kind of principle is that? Don’t you know that all rites stand below royal authority?” Everyone turned to look behind them. Zhao Ji walked in, cupped his hands, and bowed to the King of Qin. “Your Majesty, forgive this subject for boldly interrupting.” The King of Qin waved it off and shook his head. “It’s fine. You came at just the right time. Hurry and talk sense into this unfilial son of mine, or he really will anger me to death.” Fusu turned to Zhao Ji and frowned. “So you are Zhao Ji. Don’t think that because you have merits to your name, you can speak nonsense. Confucianism is the highest doctrine of ritual. How could a mere martial man like you understand it?” Zhao Ji let out an “oh,” then turned and smirked. “Since there is Your Majesty’s command, then I will carefully reason this out with Young Master Fusu. I’ll only ask the young master two questions. Confucians prize rules and ritual, so tell me—when states collapse, where are those rites? If a state is gone, what use are rites? And you speak of ruling through Confucianism—may I ask, can you use ritual to unify the realm and force the other states to submit to Great Qin?” Fusu was immediately rendered speechless. “Th-this...” Zhao Ji continued, “What His Majesty desires is to pacify the world and unify the lands of Yan and Huang. His heroic conquests over many years have made the various states tremble in fear. What does that have to do with ritual? Can ritual and elegant bearing make Great Qin’s army elite? Can they bring Great Qin into an age of peace and prosperity? Can ritual pacify a chaotic nation? Ridiculous.” Hearing this, the King of Qin burst into loud laughter. “Hahaha! Zhao Ji, you really do understand me best. I grant you four hundred households and promote you to rank seventeen.” “Thank you, Your Majesty.” The King of Qin waved his hand and angrily said to Fusu, “Fusu, I ordered scholars to teach you, yet they turned you into rotten wood. You must obediently learn from Zhao Ji.” Fusu lowered his head. “Yes.” The King of Qin continued, “I summoned you all today because I originally wanted to discuss the matter of the envoys of the four states entering Qin for negotiations. But now it seems there is no need for further talk. All of you may withdraw. Only Zhao Ji will remain.” Huhai immediately bowed and cupped his hands toward Zhao Ji in praise. “General Zhao is accomplished in both civil and martial matters. Huhai admires you greatly. Another day I would like to visit your residence and chat. I still hope to receive more of your guidance.” Zhao Ji returned the salute with a smile. “Your Highness flatters me. Zhao is only a martial man, merely speaking according to circumstances.” Huhai secretly rejoiced. Good thing my teacher reminded me not to offend Royal Father over two children. Fusu is foolish—so what if the noble clans support him? If I want to become king in the future, winning over Zhao Ji is what truly matters. The King of Qin then said, “Boy Zhao, do you think any of these sons of mine can bear heavy responsibility?” Zhao Ji smiled. “Haha, forgive this subject for speaking bluntly: one is glib-tongued, one is extremely ostentatious, and the other two are silent and unreadable. None of them are very promising.” The King of Qin nodded. “Your words are rough, but the reasoning is sound. I think they are not even as good as Ji’er and Xi’er. But one day I will have to hand Great Qin over to someone. What do you think should be done?” At the side, Ji’er and Xi’er ran forward and hugged Zhao Ji’s arms happily. Zhao Ji looked up and answered, “From what this subject sees, Your Majesty is still in the prime of life, so you should visit the harem more often and have a few more children. In the end, you’re bound to produce a good seed.” The King of Qin smacked his shoulder and cleared his throat. “You insolent brat, no sense of propriety!” Seeing the King of Qin hit his father, Ji’er hurriedly raised his hand to stop him. “Grandpa, don’t be angry. Grandpa, don’t hit Father.” The King of Qin led Zhao Ji to the discussion table. As he spread out the map, he glanced to the side and said, “For Ji’er and Xi’er’s sake, I won’t hit you. But this time, with the four states sending envoys here, you must explain it clearly to me.” Zhao Ji looked at the map and answered, “This time, the four states have joined forces to come to Great Qin because they have realized that Qin has already formed a complete encirclement around Wei. Once Great Qin attacks Wei, then Chu, Qi, and Yan will all be thrown into disorder. To put it plainly, they are afraid. They want to force us to state that we will not attack Wei.” The King of Qin nodded and smiled. “A very clear analysis. They want to use the momentum of four states together to pressure Qin. Back when five states united against us, I was not afraid. Much less now. They are truly daydreaming.” Hearing that, Zhao Ji said, “If that is the case, then this subject requests permission to return at once to guard Zhao territory and prepare to destroy Wei.” The King of Qin nodded. “Approved. But wait until after tomorrow’s court session. Then you may go and deal with those fools.” “As you command.” The King of Qin turned to him and smiled. “Boy Zhao Ji, I never expected that you were not only good at military affairs, but also so clear-headed in civil administration. Once the world is pacified, how about I grant you the position of one of the Nine Ministers?” Zhao Ji secretly guessed: Enter court as one of the Nine Ministers? He wants to strip me of military power? No way, absolutely no way. He forced a smile and said, “Your Majesty overpraises me. As for civil affairs, I only have a few small opinions, that’s all.” The King of Qin cursed inwardly: You little brat, your dislike is written all over your face. I was only teasing you. In the future, this whole realm will be yours anyway. Thinking of this, the King of Qin nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll talk about it later. You may withdraw first as well. Wait until tomorrow afternoon.” Zhao Ji immediately gathered his two children into his arms and said, “I obey. This subject takes his leave.” The King of Qin was stunned. “You little brat, I told you to go, but why are you taking my two grandchildren with you? Get back here!” Zhao Ji bolted off at top speed, turning back as he ran and saying, “Yan'er misses the children too much. I have to take them back to see their mother. If Your Majesty misses them, then summon them again another day.” Watching Zhao Ji disappear, the King of Qin cursed, “That damned brat. Once I hand the realm to you in the future, I’ll be holding my two grandchildren every single day. I won’t let you touch them at all!” Inwardly, he clicked his tongue in praise. Military affairs, civil affairs—both excellent. Dong'er, Ji'er has passed my test. He is fully qualified to inherit the realm. Then he turned toward the door and called loudly, “Tie Ying!” A man entered and knelt. The King of Qin glanced over and said, “Ji'er must return to the military camp soon. Have the Black Ice Terrace increase their protection of him. I do not wish for anything to happen to him.” “Yes.” The King of Qin took out a bamboo slip and continued, “Here is a secret decree, and also my testamentary edict.” Tie Ying was startled. “Your Majesty!” The King of Qin rubbed his brow, looking somewhat tired, and said, “If anything should happen to me in the future, this testamentary edict will be read by you before all the officials. Whoever violates this edict will be deemed a traitor to Great Qin, and their entire clan will be exterminated. A man’s fate cannot be controlled. Even for Ji'er, and even more for Great Qin, I must prepare for the worst outcome.” Tie Ying cupped his hands and said, “Tie Ying will certainly not fail Your Majesty’s trust.” The King of Qin felt a trace of regret in his heart. Ji'er, for so many years your father has been unable to care for your mother and your children. But your father will do everything he can to make it up to you. This throne is yours. No one can take it away. I will pave your road for you. Early the next morning, Han Fei spotted Zhao Ji ahead and called out, “Supreme General!” Zhao Ji turned around, saw Han Fei, and smiled. “Han Fei, has the matter in Han territory been properly settled? Have you come to Xianyang to report for duty?” Han Fei cupped his hands and smiled. “Yes. Thanks to the Supreme General’s support, a few days ago His Majesty already arranged an official post for me.” “I have replaced one of the Nine Ministers. This subject wanted several times to visit your residence and pay respects, but the Supreme General was always kept in the palace by His Majesty. Today I have finally seen you, but I hear the Supreme General is about to return to Zhao territory. I do not know when we will meet again.” Zhao Ji threw an arm around Han Fei’s shoulder and laughed. “Hahaha, Young Master, why be so sentimental? It’s not as if we can never meet again. Entering official service at court is your ambition, and also my hope. We should both be happy.” Han Fei gave a cheerful hum and replied, “I will certainly not fail the General’s grace.” Han Fei deliberately raised his voice, his words carrying a hidden meaning. “At court, I will become a sharp blade that eradicates all the disloyal and unrighteous.” Hearing these words, Li Si, who was ahead of them, gave a startled, guilty jolt. Han Fei then turned back to Zhao Ji and said, “But today’s court session is important. His Majesty is meeting the envoys of the four states, and it concerns military affairs as well as future unification. Supreme General, do you already have a foolproof plan?” Zhao Ji smiled and answered, “Ha ha. Qi, Chu, and Yan want to force Great Qin to abandon its attack on Wei. They’re just foxes borrowing a tiger’s might—what is there to fear? The general trend is already set. Right now, nothing can stop Great Qin’s iron cavalry.” A voice sounded from inside the hall: “Summon the envoys of Wei, Qi, and Yan into the hall.” The three envoys entered. Leading them was the Yan envoy, Crown Prince Dan of Yan. All of them cupped their hands and said, “This envoy pays respects to the King of Qin.” The King of Qin said sternly, “Rise.” Zhao Ji covered his mouth with one hand and yawned, feeling a little surprised inside. Ying Zheng is always laughing beside me, never putting on royal airs. Is this the true King of Great Qin? His bearing is truly extraordinary. Just one sentence gives the feeling of subduing all directions. Seeing the King of Qin’s eyes fixed on his face, Zhao Ji jumped inwardly. Damn it, why is he suddenly looking at me? The King of Qin mocked him silently. This little brat is lazily yawning at the side and thinks I don’t know. When discussing military matters, his eyes shine brightly, but the moment he comes to court he becomes this uncomfortable? In the future, all of this will be your business. You must get used to it early, and I must also use this chance to let the ministers see your talent in civil affairs. Standing in the middle of the hall, Yan Dan spoke, “Your Majesty, King of Qin, today the four foreign subjects have come under our rulers’ orders to discuss the matter of Wei with Your Majesty, and to urge Your Majesty not to do something meaningless and provoke the anger of the four states. Otherwise—” Zhao Ji suddenly laughed out loud. Yan Dan froze, then angrily rebuked him. “How rude! May I ask why this Qin general is laughing? Did I say something amusing?” Zhao Ji curled his lips. “What, are the envoy’s words not laughable? You keep calling it meaningless, but that is utterly baseless. Great Qin has always been known for righteousness. And just now you said ‘otherwise’—otherwise what? Could it be that tiny Yan dares threaten Great Qin?” Hearing this, the civil and military officials burst into mocking laughter. Resting his chin on his hand, the King of Qin said coolly, “Prince Dan, you and I were once hostages together in Zhao. After so many years, you still have not improved. Supreme General, tell him why Great Qin is sending troops.” “As you command.” Zhao Ji continued, “Crown Prince of Yan, surely you remember that when Zhao attacked Yan in the past, your Yan state repeatedly begged Great Qin for aid. My king, in great righteousness, sent troops. Why was it that at that time, you never said Great Qin was sending troops without cause?” Yan Dan immediately retorted, “When Great Qin sent troops, my Yan state already offered ample thanks in return.” Zhao Ji frowned. “So offering thanks settles everything? Truly an ungrateful wretch. If Great Qin had not intervened to help, Yan would likely have been finished long ago. Would you still be standing here today stirring up trouble?” Yan Dan argued back, “But this time, no matter how you put it, Great Qin’s attack on Wei is still an unprovoked war.” The King of Qin looked at Zhao Ji and appraised him inwardly. Zhao Ji’s mouth is truly formidable. Back then, rescuing Yan was really for the sake of destroying Zhao, but in his mouth today it has become something else entirely. With eloquence like this, he won’t suffer losses in the future. Zhao Ji continued, “By order of the King, this general guarded Han territory. Zhao and Wei first sent assassins across the border to murder me. Then, taking advantage of the time while I was recovering from my injuries, they raised an army of two hundred thousand and attacked Qin from behind. Is that what you call an unprovoked war, or is that a righteous cause for troops? I won’t even speak of the morality of Zhao and Wei, but they attacked Great Qin and offended Great Qin’s heavenly might. Thus, my king’s order today to attack Wei is entirely justified.” These words left Yan Dan stunned, and cold sweat broke out on the faces of the envoys. Zhao Ji went on, “Moreover, once Great Qin raises troops, if any of your three states dare send troops to aid Wei, that will be making yourselves enemies of Great Qin. Great Qin will then also have every reason to send troops against you.” Yan Dan spoke up. “King of Qin, is the hatred between Qin and Wei truly beyond repair? For the sake of our shared hardship as hostages in Zhao back then, do not start this war.” The King of Qin curved his lips and waved a hand. “Zhao Ji’s will is my will, and my will is Great Qin’s will.” The Wei envoy’s face turned pale at once. He rushed forward as if to clutch at the King of Qin’s robes, pleading, “King of Qin, King of Qin—” Zhao Ji stepped in front of him. “Insolence.” The Wei envoy pleaded that the King of Qin show mercy. “When my Wei state sent troops against Qin in the past, it was all because Zhao instigated us.” He clutched Zhao Ji’s leg and strained forward as he continued, “This foreign subject earnestly begs the King of Qin to halt the troops against my Wei state. Wei is willing to pay any price—cede cities, compensate with gold and silver—Wei is willing to do it all.” The King of Qin said, “Zhao Ji has already spoken on my behalf. If there is nothing else, see the guests out.” The eunuch at his side shouted loudly, “By the King’s command, the envoys of the four states are to withdraw from the hall.” The Wei envoy crawled on the floor, refusing to leave, and soldiers had to come in and drag him out. The Wei envoy struggled and pleaded with the King of Qin, “King of Qin, please reconsider! My Wei state is willing to pay any price. I beg the King of Qin to halt the army!” “Court is dismissed.” The officials below answered in unison, “Yes.” The King of Qin smiled as he looked toward Zhao Ji. “You alone, brat, are not allowed to leave. Tomorrow you must return to Zhao state. So today, you must stay here and drink with me until we’re thoroughly drunk.” Zhao Ji was startled. “Ah? You still want to keep drinking? Your Majesty has already drunk so much that I’m afraid all my wine won’t be enough for you.” “Come, I will drain this cup for your sake.” “Your Majesty, that won’t do.” “There’s only you and me here. What’s there that won’t do? Throw all that etiquette aside.” “Thank you, Your Maj—” “You brat, I truly regret having to let you go.” “Once you leave, there will be no one left to drink with me.” “Your Majesty has so many children and grandchildren. How could there be no one to drink with you?” The King of Qin’s face darkened with sadness. “Children? Those are all children of Great Qin. They are not the children of Ying Zheng. Ying Zheng has only Zhao Ji, only you, brat.” Then he placed a hand on Zhao Ji’s shoulder and continued, “Ji, this time when we destroy Wei, I will let you directly command military authority. Wang Jian’s army is the closest to you, and you may redeploy it at will. But remember—be careful. Do not risk your own life. I can directly use the authority of a supreme commander? But General Wang Jian and I are of equal rank. How can that be allowed?” “There is nothing that cannot be allowed. You are like half a son to me. All I want is for you to be safe, understand? As for your household, you need not worry. Leave Yan'er and your two children to me without concern. I will ensure their safety.” Ying Zheng is truly good to me. “This subject will certainly not fail Your Majesty’s expectations.” “After returning to Zhao state, this subject will certainly find the proper opportunity to send troops and destroy Wei, repaying Your Majesty’s grace. Your Majesty treats this subject so well that I am deeply moved, yet I have nothing with which to repay you. Only these two treasures may help Your Majesty protect yourself. I ask that you accept them.” The King of Qin looked at the two treasures, full of confusion. “Didn’t you already give me this medicinal pill last time? And what are those two stones? Night-luminous pearls?” Zhao Ji explained, “This is called the Great Return Pill, and these two stones are called spirit stones. This Great Return Pill is far more effective than the Small Return Pill I gave Your Majesty before. Though it cannot bring the dead back to life, as long as a person still has even the faintest breath left, it can rapidly restore them and save their life. As for these two spirit stones, they can help Your Majesty remain healthy and vigorous.” The young man thought to himself, An ordinary person could step straight into the beginner level of the immortal realm of martial cultivation after taking this Great Return Pill. But it’s best not to tell Ying Zheng that yet. The King of Qin threw an arm around Zhao Ji’s shoulder and said deeply, “Oh, you little brat, just how many secrets are you carrying on you? Today you’d best hand over all your secrets at once. I heard you even developed a new martial formation, didn’t you?” Zhao Ji said awkwardly, “Your Majesty, you really shouldn’t talk about martial arts like that. That’s not appropriate. Whatever you want to know, this subject will tell you.” “Then I can ask now. Brat, I heard that all your life it was only you and your mother relying on each other. What about your father? Do you still hate your father?” Zhao Ji smiled faintly and replied, “My father? Since childhood, I never had a father by my side, so I could say I did resent him somewhat. But I never hated him. Now that I’ve grown up, that resentment has also faded greatly. At the end of the day, I believe he did not abandon my mother and me for no reason. I trust my mother’s judgment. He must have had difficulties he could not speak of.” Hearing those sincere words, the King of Qin’s eyes grew moist. Zhao Ji panicked when he saw it. “Your Majesty, Your Majesty, wh-what’s wrong with you?” The King of Qin hurriedly pulled Zhao Ji tightly into his arms, his heart aching like it was being cut apart. Ji'er, my Ji'er. Right now I so badly want to tell you that I am your father. But for the sake of the state and the realm, and for your safety as well, I still have to wait a little longer before I can acknowledge you. Forgive your father. Choking with emotion, he said aloud, “Zhao Ji, I feel sorry for you.” Ying Zheng truly means it. If I also had a father, perhaps my father’s embrace would feel this warm too. By then, the King of Qin was already drunk and slumped unconscious on the table. Zhao Ji stood and called to the attendants, “Someone come. His Majesty is drunk—serve him well. When His Majesty wakes, convey a message for me: I still have many things to prepare for the next campaign against Zhao, so I must leave first.” The attendant respectfully replied, “Yes.” Ying Zheng, you have treated me with genuine sincerity. I, Zhao Ji, will certainly remember it and repay you with absolute loyalty. If you regard me as a son, then I will also regard you as my father. And as for the realm of Great Qin, I definitely will not fight over it. After talking with the King of Qin, Zhao Ji returned to his room and used the spirit stones to continue cultivating. The young man sighed. “As expected of spirit stones—they can devour spiritual energy for an entire week. Their effect is ten times greater than normal. Normally it would take ten weeks, but now my strength has increased by a great deal.” Yan'er looked at Zhao Ji worriedly. “Brother Ji, if cultivation is going so smoothly, why do you still seem so troubled?” “So you noticed.” After tasting this and cultivating smoothly with spirit stones, I can finally see how difficult cultivation used to be. In the Exotic Beast Farm, I only obtained five hundred spirit stones. But relying on just those to reach the Immortal Mountain realm is basically impossible. The spiritual energy in this world is too weak. If I want to become stronger, if I want to break through in this world, then I need much more. Once I return to Handan, I have to hurry and make preparations for destroying Wei as well.” Yan'er leaned against Zhao Ji sadly. “Our family only just managed to reunite with great difficulty, and now we already have to prepare to part again. Even though I know you’re powerful and highly capable, whenever I think of you bleeding on the battlefield, I can’t help but worry.” Zhao Ji smiled, comforting her, and gently caressed his wife’s face. “Good Yan'er, your Brother Ji is this formidable. A person capable of hurting me on the battlefield hasn’t appeared yet. Don’t worry. I really do want to keep you by my side too, but staying in Xianyang under the King of Qin’s protection is safer for you. Wait for me. The day we can truly stay together is not far off.” After speaking, the young man kissed Yan'er. After the Supreme General’s party had been on the road for a while, Zhao Ji stuck his head out and asked a subordinate, “Have we gone far from Xianyang yet?” The subordinate replied, “We can no longer see Xianyang. This subordinate has secretly observed the surroundings—no one is following us.” He immediately broke into a delighted grin. “As expected, this outfit is the most comfortable and carefree. After enduring for two months, I finally get to change out of it.” At once, the young man whistled to summon his mount. “Sitting in that carriage is really uncomfortable. I’m going back to Handan first. Wait a bit, then hurry back as well.” “This subordinate understands.” Several days later, Handan City—Zhao Ji had already arrived. The soldiers were overjoyed when they saw him. “Supreme General! It’s the Supreme General! The Supreme General has returned!” “I’m back. I’ve been gone for months—has everything in the city been well?” Sure enough, this is my true domain. No longer do I have to be restrained by others. Heaven and earth are mine. Several subordinates, hearing his question, cupped their hands and reported, “Reporting to the Supreme General, everything is in good order.” Zhao Ji asked, “Where are Zhang Han and Ren Xiao?” “Zhang Han and Ren Xiao are at the outer forest area. The matter the Supreme General entrusted before leaving has nearly been completed. As for the troops left behind for training, that too has achieved great results.” “Well done. This wineskin is for you. It’s this general’s wedding wine. I’ll go meet Zhang Han and Ren Xiao, and afterward we’ll all drink to our hearts’ content.” “Understood, Supreme General!” “Ah! Ah! That beast has broken away from the pack! Quick, restrain it! That beast has been frightened—it won’t be easy to handle!” “You brute, let’s see whether your fangs and claws are fiercer or whether my longsword is fiercer!” The tiger, maddened with rage, lunged to attack. “We’re done for! He’s dead for sure!” But why can’t I do it? At the critical moment, a general rushed out and punched the tiger so hard its face twisted. Seeing this scene, the young man was shocked as well. It wasn’t just once that a fierce tiger escaped its trap. Why is it that Tu Sui and Zhang Han can each subdue this fierce tiger in a single move, while I can’t? I refuse to accept it. We’re all supreme generals, so why is the gap in strength this great? At that moment, Zhao Ji also arrived riding Blood Tiger. Seeing that, Blood Tiger lunged over and pounced on the other tiger. Zhao Ji saw the situation turning bad and quickly stopped him. “Blood Tiger, spare its life.” Blood Tiger still roared with surging momentum, his paw planted on the tiger’s body. “Got it under control, huh?” Blood Tiger was delighted. “Good, good! Master, am I amazing? Did I do well? Pet me, pet me! Hug me, hug me!” Even Zhao Ji felt helpless with his own pet. “Alright, alright, I know. You’re the best.” After my beast-taming ability leveled up, I can now hear what this little guy is thinking too. He really is noisy. A subordinate, seeing Zhao Ji, immediately spoke. “Supreme General, you’ve returned?” Zhao Ji handed him a bottle of pills. “You’re injured? Hurry and use this medicine.” Another man came running over in alarm. “I caught a tiger over there. Then I heard an unusual tiger’s roar from this side, and my instincts told me something was wrong. I didn’t expect it to be the Supreme General returning.” Zhao Ji asked about the fierce tigers, “You’ve all worked hard these past months. Were there any casualties?” The man replied, “The brothers inevitably suffered some injuries, but with the Supreme General’s golden wound medicine, everyone is fine. In general, we have not failed the General’s command.” Army... Supreme General, please come this way. By your order, over the past two months we have captured nearly 3,000 tigers, along with several hundred fierce birds. This operation was kept secret from the outside world; only close confidants knew of it. But we still do not know what the Supreme General intends to do. Zhao Ji stroked Blood Tiger’s head and said with a smile: Mm, very good. Blood Tiger, use the bloodline of a divine beast to suppress them. Heh heh, be good now, little ones, or I’ll have him bite your butts. At this, the beasts all fell utterly silent, pale-faced and trembling, as though one slap from it would leave even their parents unable to recognize them. Blood Tiger frightened them all into submission. Could it be that the Supreme General’s mount is a divine beast? Zhao Ji did not hide it either. Mm, from now on, without my orders, they will not dare hurt anyone again. Open the cages and release the tigers. Hearing this, Ren Xiao also turned pale. Open the cages and release the tigers? Have all 3,000 tigers really been tamed? Though terrified, he still ordered his men to release every single tiger. The sturdy and ferocious beasts strode out, and the two subordinates standing opposite were so frightened they nearly wet themselves. Just as Zhao Ji had said, the tigers were now obedient like little puppies, looking unexpectedly adorable. Hahaha, these tigers truly no longer attack people, and they are even very docile. The Supreme General’s mount really is a divine beast. They have all been tamed. From now on, these tigers will willingly serve as mounts for our Great Qin soldiers. Zhang Han, pick 3,000 elite cavalrymen from under your command and train them with these tigers. Establish the Fierce Tiger Army. This subordinate understands. The young man then turned to Ren Xiao and instructed him, Alright, I’ll go see those fierce birds later. Ren Xiao, go back and recover from your wounds, then enter the city and replace Tu Sui. Hearing this, Ren Xiao immediately knelt down, determined to stay. Ever since following you, General, I have come to understand some things. You have always valued General Tu Sui and General Zhang Han more, and the strength of those two generals is also extraordinary. I can guess that it was bestowed by you, Supreme General. I too wish to become your right-hand man. Ren Xiao, you are very clever. So you also want that divine power. But do you know what price must be paid? Ren Xiao, think carefully. If you cannot pay an equivalent price, and yet you have learned my secret, then I will not keep you alive. Zhao Ji knew very well that Ren Xiao was a rare talent. Though he was following him now, he was still, after all, a deputy general of the King of Qin. If Zhao Ji could not see the value of his loyalty, then naturally he would not entrust him with important responsibilities. As for the matter of martial cultivation, there was no way to keep it hidden from him now. Whether he could obtain what he wanted would depend on his resolve and conduct. Ren Xiao lowered his head and thought for a moment, then declared firmly, Since the day I came under the Supreme General’s guidance, I resolved to follow you unto death. Even royal authority cannot shake me. Heaven and earth can bear witness to my loyalty. Everything I have belongs to the Supreme General. Even my life is yours to dispose of as you see fit. Checking whether the martial general wishes to submit to the Host. Ren Xiao, loyalty value: 80. Zhao Ji was satisfied. Good. He has only just submitted, yet he is already absolutely loyal. Ren Xiao, you truly have not disappointed me. The young man stepped forward and placed a hand on Ren Xiao’s shoulder. You have passed my test. If you wish to stand at my side and receive what you deserve, then only loyalty will do. Immediately, a mysterious power appeared and flowed straight into Ren Xiao’s body. Ren Xiao cried out in agony, Ah! After a while, the power faded away. Ren Xiao collapsed to the ground in shock. Ren Xiao, there is no need for you to enter the city to replace Tu Sui anymore. I still have matters to attend to and must leave first. Zhang Han, stay behind and guide Ren Xiao in the basics of martial cultivation. This subordinate understands. Heh heh heh, congratulations, little brother, on joining our circle. From now on, we’ll help our lord together. You’re truly one of us now. Ren Xiao now realized that he himself had become much stronger, and a terrifying power was erupting from his hands as well. So this is the power that Tu Sui and Zhang Han possess? How miraculous, how powerful. Only then did he come fully to his senses and hastily knelt down. I swear to be loyal unto death to my lord. I will follow my lord even if my flesh is torn and my bones crushed. Even in death I will have no regrets. Zhao Ji walked into a forest and called for one of his subordinates to appear. The subordinate immediately emerged, knelt, clasped his hands, and respectfully said, This subordinate greets my lord. Rise. It has been a while since we last met. Your cultivation has improved by quite a bit, I see. His face lit up with joy. With my lord’s guidance, this subordinate has not dared to slack off. I train diligently every day and have now successfully advanced to the sixth level of the Houtian realm. How goes the matter I assigned to you? Reporting to my lord, the Shadow unit has now expanded to 8,000 men and has already begun to spread into the various states. As expected of someone heavily valued by Qin Shi Huang in history—truly an extraordinary talent. I can rest easy with you handling things. I called you here today because I want to give you another trump card. Dun Ruo looked puzzled. Another trump card? Come here. At once, a flock of hawks flew over. My lord, this is... Zhao Ji said, This is the trump card I want to give you. With their help, the Shadow Guards stationed everywhere will be able to stay in closer contact and form an inseparable intelligence network. In this world, there will no longer be any secret beyond my grasp. Three months later, at Hangu Pass, in Wang Jian’s main camp. A letter has arrived from Commander Zhao Ji. Hurry and bring it here for me to read. Hahaha. At last, the perfect chance to attack Wei has come. In the letter, Zhao Ji says he is gathering the army and telling us to prepare quickly. Is that so? Excellent! Back then, when the King ordered the Hangu Pass army to follow Zhao Ji’s instructions, I was somewhat unwilling. But now it seems His Majesty truly did not misjudge him. Wang Jian shouted, Zhao Ji’s capabilities have far surpassed mine. If not for his strategy this time, the opportunity to strike Wei would likely have been delayed. Quickly set the army in order and prepare to depart. This subordinate obeys. According to Zhao Ji’s arrangements, we must lure Wei Wuji and Wei’s main forces to Hangu Pass, while he may launch a surprise attack from Handan. This strategy of feinting east and striking west is truly brilliant. Our Great Qin is about to produce a second Wu Anjun. The day Qin unifies the realm is not far off. It’s just... Seeing his superior sigh, the subordinate asked, Commander, this is a good thing, so why do you seem worried? I am simply a little uneasy. Zhao Ji is a heroic youth, born for war. But after Great Qin unifies the realm, he will have to face the struggle for succession among the royal sons. If at that time he cannot judge the situation and withdraw from that struggle, I fear it may cost him his life. I only hope that when that day comes, this old man will still be able to protect him, and not let this brilliant star fall. At this moment, Wei had also received urgent frontier news: Qin’s army was advancing rapidly and approaching the northern border. Leading them was Qin’s Supreme General Zhao Ji. The King of Wei’s face turned pale. What? Lord Xinling has only just gone to the western frontier to oppose Wang Jian, and now Zhao Ji has come to the northern frontier as well. My ministers, what should we do now? Your Majesty need not worry. Since Qin has sent troops against our Great Wei this time, Qi, Chu, and Yan will not sit idly by. If the four states join forces, we can certainly defeat Qin. Then issue my order at once and request aid from those three states. But what if they refuse to send troops? Your Majesty need not worry. Lord Xinling anticipated that Zhao Ji would act, so he made plans before leaving. Our Great Wei’s western frontier is guarded by Lord Xinling, so there is no need to fear Wang Jian. At the same time, General Pang Xiong has already taken 200,000 troops and is rushing to the northern frontier to stop Zhao Ji. Pang Xiong, like Pang Juan, the former Supreme General of Wei, is one of the men most valued by Lord Xinling. He will certainly be able to stop the elite forces of tyrannical Qin. This old man was none other than the Wei general Pang Xiong. Hmph, Zhao Ji has nothing but arrogance, yet he dares invade our Great Wei. I will make sure you come but never return. Hearing this, a subordinate hurriedly reminded him, General Pang, Lord Xinling gave repeated instructions: our army must not confront Qin head-on. We only need to harass them, delay them, fight while retreating, and wait for the allied reinforcements from the three states. But Pang Xiong paid no heed to such instructions. Wei Wuji does have a point. Although this battle is not the final clash between our army and Qin’s, it will be the battle in which our great army crushes Qin. How could we casually give that up? The subordinate tried to stop him, but Pang Xiong impatiently waved him off. Enough. Our army is fully prepared for this battle. Why should we fear Qin’s army? General Pang, the enemy commander is Qin’s new Supreme General, Zhao Ji. Lian Po and Pang Nuan were both killed by him. We absolutely cannot underestimate him. Pang Xiong sneered. He’s just a brat. I refuse to believe he is that capable. As for this nonsense about killing Pang Nuan and bringing down Lian Po, that is nothing more than a fabricated tale spread by Qin. Besides, most of his troops are surrendered soldiers from Zhao. How could they possibly have any combat strength? As long as I call on them to surrender first, I can shake their morale. One strike will shatter them. This time I am the commander in chief. If you dare say another word, be careful or you’ll answer to military law. The subordinate could only respond helplessly, Yes. Pang Xiong then shouted boldly, Soldiers of Great Wei, where are you? Tyrannical Qin is cruel and lawless, leading troops to attack our Great Wei. If Great Wei is defeated, then your wives and children back home will also be slaughtered by tyrannical Qin. Do you soldiers dare charge forward with me? Protect our Wei! Kill the Qin dogs! Destroy tyrannical Qin! Fired up by his words, the soldiers roared in unison, Kill the Qin dogs! Destroy tyrannical Qin! Kill the Qin dogs! Destroy tyrannical Qin! Seeing Pang Xiong’s stupidity, the subordinate could only frown in worry. Lord Xinling had long said that although Pang Xiong had some skill in commanding troops, he was arrogant and conceited and could not be greatly relied upon. And now, eager for merit, he has even abused military authority. He truly ignores your arrangements and has mobilized the army on his own. In this battle, how much chance of victory can our Great Wei possibly have? At this moment, Wei’s army was rushing to attack Great Qin’s forces. Kill the Qin dogs, destroy the tyrants! Kill the Qin dogs, destroy the tyrannical army! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill the Qin dogs! Destroy tyrannical Qin! Kill the Qin dogs! Destroy tyrannical Qin! Soldiers of Great Qin, obey my lord’s orders and fight— Retreat! Zhao Ji immediately ordered the entire army to withdraw, leaving his subordinates utterly baffled. Pang Xiong laughed smugly. Hahaha, that brat Zhao Ji—I knew he was all reputation and no substance, which is why he retreated. Soldiers, hear my order: pursue with all your strength. Show no mercy to Qin’s army. You useless Zhao Ji, I am coming to take your head. After this battle, the title of Little God of Slaughter and fame among the states will belong to me. Zhao Ji continued issuing orders for the troops to withdraw at once. One subordinate, confused, asked, My lord, what is your intention here? Zhao Ji smiled and explained, Naturally, to wipe out Wei’s army. A reckless general like him possesses no strategy at all. I do not wish to waste time with him. Seeing that the subordinate still did not understand, the young man took out a bamboo slip. According to Dun Ruo’s report, before Wei Wuji marched to the western frontier, he had decided on a delaying strategy. He ordered Pang Xiong to command the army and use the terrain of the northern frontier to stall us while waiting for the reinforcements of the three allied states. After hearing this, Ren Xiao spoke up, So that’s how it is. My lord is retreating in order to advance, luring the Wei army down into the plains and ruining Wei Wuji’s strategy. Ren Xiao then said, Exactly. If Pang Xiong had strictly followed Wei Wuji’s arrangements, then for a time we truly would have had no way to break into Wei territory. But since he has disobeyed orders, I cannot give him the chance to regret it. Pang Xiong may be a descendant of Pang Juan, but he is nothing more than an incompetent fool. The fact that Wei Wuji could entrust him with command is enough to show how scarce talent in Wei has become. The destruction of Wei is already inevitable. What a pity that because its rulers were foolish, after Gongsun Yan left, they still could not retain Shang Yang and Sun Bin. And all such talents were taken in by Qin. One can only call it the will of heaven. My lord, the Wei army has all been lured down. Zhao Ji smiled. Heh heh, very good, very good. The time has come. Soldiers of Great Qin, prepare for battle. This campaign against Wei will be the decisive battle. Kill, kill, kill! Fight the decisive battle! Break through their formation! The Wei soldiers were shocked and alarmed. Qin’s army is counterattacking? They’re not running anymore? Kill! Fight the decisive battle! Kill! In one battle, destroy Wei! Seeing the momentum of Qin’s army, Pang Xiong began to feel uneasy. Why does Qin’s army have such morale? This is completely different from just now. But he still forced himself to shout and steady his troops: Soldiers, do not panic. Qin’s army is only putting on a show. They’re just desperate beasts biting back. All of you charge forward! Cut off the Wei army’s retreat and do not let them escape. Let that foolish Pang Xiong open his eyes before he dies and witness the true strength of our Great Qin soldiers. Brothers, did you hear the Supreme General? Show them everything you’ve got. We finish this quickly! The soldiers, burning with fighting spirit, shouted in unison: Charge! Charge! Charge! Horse archers, attack! Aah! It’s Hu-style mounted archers! Why does Qin’s army have Hu-style mounted archers? Run! You want to flee the moment fear strikes? Too early for that! Let me show you what the strongest cavalry in Great Qin truly is! As soon as he finished speaking, the Fierce Tiger Army entered the battlefield. The soldiers of Wei were terrified beyond measure. The Fierce Tiger Army is attacking! Aaah! Tigers! Qin’s army has tigers! Save us! Tigers! There are tigers! I surrender! I surrender! Run! Hurry, run! We can’t win this! The warhorses are out of control! Aaaah! We can’t win! Wei cannot win! Just as my lord said, once our army fights decisively, Wei’s army will have no way back even if it gives everything. My lord, do you wish to accept surrendered troops? No! Zhao Ji gave the order with a cold expression. The state has not fallen, and the army has not surrendered. Pass on my command: until the enemy army is broken, the attack does not stop. Also, whoever kills Pang Xiong will receive the greatest merit. The Supreme General’s order: until the enemy army is broken, the attack does not stop! Whoever kills Pang Xiong will receive the greatest merit! Pang Xiong stood there like a stunned deer. How did this happen? If I had listened to Lord Xinling, would it not have come to this? But wasn’t Zhao Ji just a brat? How could he possibly command such combat strength? While he was still horrified and unable to believe the scene before him, a blade suddenly slashed toward him. He drew his sword to block it. Hu-style mounted archers? You are a man of Zhao. The hatred of your state’s destruction remains, so why are you risking your life for Zhao Ji? I am indeed originally from Zhao, but I am not one of the Hu-style mounted archers. I am one of the Three-Treasure Cavalry founded by Supreme General Zhao Ji. As he spoke, the young man swung his sword again. Struck by that blow, Pang Xiong was sent flying from the command platform. The young man shouted loudly, And as for why I am loyal to Supreme General Zhao Ji, it is naturally because of his courage, righteousness, and fairness. From the moment I surrendered to Qin, I ceased to be a man of Zhao. I am a man of Huaxia, a descendant of Yan and Huang! With that, he swung his sword and easily finished off Pang Xiong. Looking at the corpses strewn across the ground, Zhao Ji could not help but feel a touch of sorrow. This battle tested the strength of the Fierce Tiger Army, but it is still too tragic. In the end, fighting among our own people is not the kingly way. Zhao Ji looked at his generals and gave his orders. With Pang Xiong defeated, Wei Wuji will surely be forced to return and give aid. The encirclement between our army and Wang Jian’s main force is secure. To guard against the reinforcements of the three allied states, I must attack Daliang within half a month. We understand, my lord! Advance and destroy Wei! We will destroy Wei! Destroy Wei! Destroy Wei! At the Daliang military base, Wei Wuji was furious. Damn it, it is all because I misjudged Pang Xiong that Great Wei has now fallen into such peril. The Chancellor of Wei immediately tried to console him. Pang Xiong’s mistake was his own arrogance and conceit. Moreover, that Zhao Ji is also sinister and crafty. This is not your fault. Besides, it is fortunate that you returned in time to defend Daliang. That is why, even though Qin’s forces have surrounded the city for many days, they still do not dare attack. At present, our Daliang city still has more than 300,000 troops, and our food and supplies remain abundant. As long as we hold fast and do not sally out, then in one month, when the three allied states’ reinforcements arrive, Great Wei’s crisis will be resolved. Wei Wuji nodded in agreement. The Chancellor is right. We still have hope. Back then, Li Mu defended Dai so well that had Zhao Ji not used deception, even if Wang Jian and Huan Yi had joined forces, they could not have broken the city. Why should I, Wei Wuji, be afraid? It is good that the Supreme General can think this way. Heaven will surely favor Great Wei. It is only that Zhao Ji is full of schemes. Pass on my order: send the most capable hidden guards in my camp at once to scout the movements of the Qin camp. At this moment, flocks of night hawks had already appeared all across Great Wei. Wei Wuji felt deeply uneasy at the sight. These are night hawks. Since when did our Great Wei territory have this kind of bird? And in such numbers? Upon receiving the order, the hidden guards of Great Wei, disguised and mixed in among the refugees, sneaked toward Zhao Ji’s base. The little Night Hawks in the trees had already seen everything. They were intercepted by the Qin army, and the hidden guards panicked. “Aah! Qin soldiers, spare us! We... we are refugees fleeing from Daliang City!” “Please spare us. We heard that General Zhao Ji’s army does not kill civilians. Daliang is about to fall, and we only wanted to find a way out.” But how could such a worn-out trick fool the Night Hawks? The Night Hawks immediately swooped down in a frenzied assault. At that moment, Zhao Ji’s own shadow guards appeared and gave the order: “Anyone with a bird perched on their shoulder is a Wei scout. Seize them all. Kill without mercy anyone who resists.” “Understood!” “So we were exposed after all?” “Then we fight to the death! We’ll stake it all against those damned Qin dogs! Commander, all the scouts who tried to escape Daliang have already been captured.” “They actually disguised themselves as refugees. If not for General Zhao’s divine hawks, we truly would not have recognized them.” Wang Jian laughed in delight. “Hahaha! Wei Wuji relies heavily on the hidden guards he trained to wage war. This is the same as blinding and deafening him. Excellent. Fortunately, we have you, Zhao Ji.” “So what should we do next? The situation now can be compared to the siege of a great city in the past. Will you still use a surrender strategy?” Zhao Ji immediately replied, “That won’t work. The reason Li Mu could be persuaded to surrender was because Yanhuang was his heart. But this Wei Wuji is devoted to defending every inch of Wei’s soil. A surrender strategy is completely useless against him.” Hearing that, the old general lowered his head gloomily. “Tch. The reinforcements from the three states can reach Daliang within a month. Must we really drench the city gates with the blood of Great Qin’s soldiers?” Zhao Ji waved his hand. “The blood of Great Qin’s soldiers is precious. It cannot be wasted.” “General Zhao, does that mean you already have a plan to break the city?” Wang Jian reproached him jokingly. “Really? You brat, you’re playing dirty. Why hide it?” Zhao Ji said, “I do have a plan, but I secretly began putting it into action half a month ago. I was only worried the Supreme Commander might not agree, so I did not speak of it.” “Oh?” Zhao Ji smiled. “If the Supreme Commander comes with me to take a look, you’ll understand. Young General Wang, please continue holding Daliang under tight siege. You absolutely must not let any of their scouts escape. If there are any further arrangements, I will send word by bird.” The Young General Wang nodded. “Understood.” The scene shifted to the north of Daliang City, to the Yellow River port. “Faster. The time when the Yellow River rises is almost here. It must rise within ten days. Do not ruin the Supreme Commander’s plan.” “Understood, Supreme Commander.” When Wang Jian and Zhao Ji arrived, Zhao Ji asked, “How is the progress of the works?” The subordinate reported, “We will definitely finish digging before the Yellow River rises. Zhang Han’s shipbuilding over there is also progressing smoothly.” Wang Jian burst into laughter. “I understand now, Zhao Ji. So this is your plan?” Zhao Ji said nothing more, only clasped his hands behind his back and smiled. “Hahaha, excellent, Zhao Ji. To come up with such a quick and efficient strategy—looking across all the states, I’m afraid you are the only one capable of it.” Zhao Ji asked in surprise, “General, do you not find this plan too cruel?” Wang Jian replied calmly, “The way of military strategists is to secure victory by any means. Moreover, this plan can spare tens of thousands of Great Qin soldiers from casualties. Why would we not use it? But let me ask you—since you hid it from me so carefully, if I had objected, would you have abandoned this plan?” “This is a cleansing strategy, one that wipes out all living things. But for the sake of the Yanhuang people, to thoroughly end this age of chaos, it is necessary. If the Supreme Commander had objected, I still would have carried it out.” “I would have borne the infamy and all the blame myself. But Wei must be destroyed.” Wang Jian could not help sighing in admiration. “Zhao Ji, I truly count it fortunate that you are not an enemy of Great Qin. Otherwise, faced with your methods, Great Qin’s dream of unifying the realm would become a distant hope.” Zhao Ji said, “General Wang Jian overpraises me. If I had served another state, at best I would only be a commander of a thousand men by now. How could I speak of methods or ambition?” Wei Wuji had an enormous headache. “There has been no movement from the Qin camp for several days now. What exactly are they doing? Every wave of scouts we send out vanishes without a trace.” A general beside him tried to reassure him. “General, you are guarding Daliang. It is not strange that the Qin army dares not act rashly. The reinforcements from the three states are about to arrive; you should rest easy.” “Even so, I always have the feeling that something big is about to happen. Especially when I see this rain, I grow even more uneasy. But I cannot think of what I may have overlooked.” Suddenly, a subordinate rushed in and reported, “Supreme Commander, the Qin army has withdrawn!” The Chancellor immediately brightened. “Really? Wonderful! This is a blessing for our Great Wei!” Wei Wuji was utterly baffled. “They besieged us for half a month and then withdrew? Speak—why did they retreat?” “They pulled up camp and left at once—no, it would be more accurate to say they fled in panic.” “In panic? Rain?” His face changed instantly. “It’s over—truly over! Quickly, pass the order! The entire city must evacuate Daliang immediately. If we delay any longer, it will be too late!” The Chancellor still did not understand a thing. “Lord Xinling, what do you mean by this?” Wei Wuji explained in panic, “I understand now. The Qin army surrounded us these past days without attacking in order to block the news.” “They want to divert the waters of the Yellow River during the flood season.” “Divert the Yellow River? How is that possible?” Wei Wuji was already terrified. “Too late... it’s too late...” At that moment, the waters of the Yellow River had already surged into Daliang City. “The flood! The flood is here! Help!” Wherever the waters rose, everything was swept away—houses, trees, people. “Heavens! Why did you not let me see through the Qin army’s vicious scheme sooner? Why has our Great Wei brought such misery upon its people?” Overcome with anguish and rage, he spat out a mouthful of blood and collapsed. The Chancellor kept calling out, “Lord Xinling! Lord Xinling, wake up! Great Wei is in peril—you cannot fall here!” Through the eyes of the Night Hawks, Zhao Ji had seen everything as well. “Wei Wuji, just wait. Wait for me to personally take your head— —and the head of the King of Wei as well. Under the overwhelming torrent of the Yellow River, I wonder how much experience value I will gain.” A few hours after the flood began, Daliang City was already submerged, and cries for help rang out without end. “Waaah! Father! Mother! I’m scared!” “Good boy, don’t be afraid. The water has already started to recede. Your mother and father are here.” Seeing this, Zhao Ji pulled the child up, and the husband and wife immediately voiced their thanks. But the moment they saw Qin soldiers, both of them were terrified. “Y-you... Qin soldier, don’t hurt our child! Please, don’t hurt our child!” “Relax. I won’t harm you. Hurry and get on the boat.” “Search and rescue victims throughout the city. Move all surviving commoners to the encampment for settlement and distribute relief supplies. As for the Wei soldiers, gather and escort those who surrender. Kill those who refuse.” “Your subordinate will carry it out at once.” “You’re only killing those who refuse to surrender? Even our own king does not care about us—why are you being so kind? Will commoners like us be sold into slavery? If that’s the case, we’d rather die.” “What does war have to do with the common people? The Qin army only kills its enemies. From now on, you will be citizens of Great Qin. As long as you do not scheme in rebellion, Great Qin will naturally treat you well.” “Thank you, General! Thank you, General!” Just then a subordinate reported, “General, most of Wei’s remnant forces have been trapped inside the royal palace. Wei Wuji is there as well.” “Take me there at once.” “Who goes there?” “This is the Supreme General of Great Qin, Zhao Ji. Defeated general of Wei, surrender immediately.” “So you are Zhao Ji— —you despicable, sinister wretch! Tens of thousands of Great Wei’s soldiers and civilians died miserably at your hands. You are truly vicious. When you sleep at night, are you not afraid the wronged spirits will come for your life?” “War is always about killing the enemy to win. You call me vicious, yet why not say that you knew opposing Great Qin meant defeat and still stubbornly resisted? If you had surrendered early like General Li Mu, why would the people have had to suffer so?” “And let me ask you this—if our positions were reversed, would you have pitied me and spared me? Hahaha.” “As expected of Great Qin’s Supreme General Zhao Ji. Young as you are, you already understand the principles of war. Indeed. If it were me, I absolutely would not spare you either. A man like you absolutely cannot be left alive for tyrannical Qin.” “Zhao Ji, come with this old man and be buried with Great Wei!” Zhao Ji gave a cold snort, swung his sword, and shattered the man’s blade, directly sending Wei Wuji to his death. “With a single stroke of the sword, no one in this world can kill me. Where is the King of Wei? Looking across all under heaven, no one has the ability to take my life.” A Qin subordinate asked Wang Jian worriedly, “Commander... the King of Wei and Wei Wuji are both in the royal palace. Are we really not going in? Even if you do not care about taking the king’s head, Wei Wuji is no ordinary man. Are you not afraid Zhao Ji may suffer a loss?” Wang Jian laughed at ease. “Hahaha, I do not believe there is anyone who can make Zhao Ji suffer a loss.” Zhao Ji strode into the palace alone and boldly took the life of the King of Wei. The retainers of Wei cried out in terror, “Your Majesty! Your Majesty has passed away! Our Wei has fallen! Wuuuu...” “Look, isn’t he coming out now? There were so many cries from inside the palace. It seems you have already dealt with both Wei Wuji and the King of Wei?” Zhao Ji bowed respectfully. “Many thanks, Royal Uncle, for making this possible. I know you deliberately yielded this merit to me.” The young man understood Wang Jian’s standing well—if he had truly wanted to seize the credit, it would have been effortless. Wang Jian chuckled. “That’s not right. In this destruction of Wei, I merely assisted you. The merit was yours to begin with. I have already instructed Bi’er to send the detailed battle report to Xianyang. You need only wait for the king’s reward.” “It is still too early to celebrate. Although Wei has perished, the reinforcements from the three states are about to arrive. We still need to be prepared in advance.” “Judging by your expression, you’ve already arranged everything, haven’t you?” “Leave the aftermath in Daliang to us.” The man beside him also spoke up. “That’s right. Earlier you said you feared an epidemic might break out after the flood. I guarantee this matter will be handled properly.” A few days later, in Zhangtai Palace in Xianyang, several vicious court officials immediately raised their voices. “Your Majesty, Zhao Ji has gone too far by moving troops through Hangu Pass to attack Wei. Even death would not atone for his crime. We ask Your Majesty to punish him severely!” Another official immediately voiced agreement. The King of Qin wore a face full of anger. “Oh? And how do my beloved ministers believe I should punish Zhao Ji?” Smelling an opening, the man pressed forward. “Your Majesty, strip Zhao Ji of his military authority and immediately escort him back to Xianyang. He moved troops without permission; Zhao Ji acted wildly and recklessly. He should be punished under military law and beheaded on the spot.” “Hahaha, Zhao Ji, you have violated the great taboo of being a subject. Look at His Majesty’s dark expression—you are certainly dead this time.” But he was gravely mistaken. The reason the King of Qin looked like that was because he was furious at the absurd words of these vicious, backbiting officials. “What a bunch of fools. They actually harbor thoughts of killing my Ji’er. Such people cannot be kept in the future.” On the contrary, if someone were willing to stand up for Ji’er at this moment... The King of Qin said coldly, “Do any of you have a different opinion?” Immediately, someone spoke in Zhao Ji’s defense. “Your Majesty, General Zhao Ji’s military achievements are illustrious. He would never move troops lightly. The military situation must have been extremely urgent and could not be delayed, so this can be forgiven.” “No matter how urgent, it is still a grave crime.” “A ruler should not be constrained by trifles. Great Qin seeks to unify the realm—how can we punish a meritorious general without reason? Your Majesty, for one who commands armies, timing is the most important thing. If other states invade Great Qin, is Supreme General Zhao Ji supposed to simply fold his arms and watch, unable to move troops?” “When the envoys of the four states insulted Qin, we did not see any of your capability. Yet now, when it comes to impeaching Great Qin’s Supreme General, you are full of zeal. What exactly is your intention?” The King of Qin shouted angrily, “Enough! Two days ago, I already received Wang Jian’s secret report. Zhao Gao, read it aloud to those below.” “Yes, Your Majesty. ‘This subject, Wang Jian, received Your Majesty’s secret order to cooperate with Supreme General Zhao Ji and lead 500,000 troops in the campaign against Wei territory. Within one month, we attacked Daliang City, and according to Supreme General Zhao Ji’s plan, the army surrounded the city without attacking while secretly opening the levee at the mouth of the Yellow River. Eighteen days later, the waters of the Yellow River flooded Daliang City, and our army took Wei without losing a single soldier. In addition, both Wei Wuji and the King of Wei died at the hands of Supreme General Zhao Ji. The state of Wei has fallen.’” The vicious officials below could only stand there with mouths agape, unable to believe what they had heard. Meanwhile, those allied with Zhao Ji were ecstatic. “Diverting the Yellow River—what a brilliant strategy.” Li Si spoke up, both alarmed and resentful. “Your Majesty, Wang Jian says he obeyed Zhao Ji because of Your Majesty’s decree?” “Of course it was by my secret order. Otherwise, do you think Great Qin’s two Supreme Generals both disregard Qin law? Or do you think I am so muddleheaded that I cannot control my own ministers?” Hearing that, his face turned pale. “This subject would never dare. Your Majesty, please forgive me. I was only... only worried that order and precedent might be thrown into chaos.” Inwardly he could not understand it. “His Majesty became angry with me because of Zhao Ji? I only offered a suggestion—is that really necessary?” Meng Wu was overjoyed. “Congratulations, Your Majesty, on recovering the state of Wei. With Supreme General Zhao Ji in Great Qin, we will surely unify the realm.” The King of Qin was all smiles. “Hahaha, exactly. With Zhao Ji, Great Qin will obtain the world.” “If I do not richly reward Zhao Ji’s conquest, how could I still rule Great Qin? Issue my decree: grant General Zhao Ji two additional ranks, elevate him to Inner Marquis, give him authority over the surrendered Wei forces, and bestow upon him the title Lord Wu’an.” The officials below were stunned speechless. “Lord Wu’an? Great Qin has another Lord Wu’an? At present, only General Zhao is worthy of carrying this title. The title Wu’an is only given to one who can defeat the enemy and bring peace to the state— —and in Great Qin, only General Bai Qi ever received it before. With this title now, my lord already stands shoulder to shoulder with the God of Slaughter Bai Qi.” “And that rank is equivalent to the honored title of the high nobles. Li Si, oh Li Si, this time you have lost completely.” “If there is nothing further, then court is dismissed.” “Han Fei, Meng Wu, the two of you stay behind.” Both men clasped their hands and answered in unison, “Yes.” The King of Qin was in such a good mood that he immediately boasted about his son. “Hmph, Meng Wu, in the past I always envied you for your two sons. But now it seems my Ji’er is the finest among the finest—unbeatable!” Meng Wu was startled and flustered. “Your Majesty, y-you misspoke.” Han Fei froze as soon as he heard the word “son.” “Could it be...?” The King of Qin calmly continued, “The reason I was willing to keep Han Fei is naturally because I trust him. Meng Wu, you may tell Han Fei the secret of Ji’er afterward. The reason I kept the two of you behind this time is because I have another important task. One day, Ji’er will restore his identity as a prince. As a subject, he may win over the hearts of the people, but there will likely be those who do not want him to become a prince—perhaps even the crown prince. I want you both to spare no effort in assisting him.” “This subject will certainly support Prince Ji with all my strength.” At that moment, Yuan’er, who was outside, had heard everything. She covered her mouth in shock. “Big Brother Ji’s father is the king...” Just then, Ji’er and Xi’er saw the King of Qin and happily ran in. “Hey, Grandpa, court’s over—come play with Xi’er!” Seeing this, the King of Qin smiled and said, “Han Fei, Meng Wu, withdraw. You are both intelligent men. You know what to do.” “We understand, Your Majesty.” “Yuan’er, you heard all of our conversation, didn’t you?” She immediately dropped to her knees in panic. “Your Majesty, please forgive me. I did not mean to eavesdrop.” The King of Qin still wore a smile. “What is this? You still call me ‘Your Majesty’?” Yuan’er immediately understood what he meant. “Royal Father.” “That’s right. Rise and speak. Those disappointing sons of mine are incapable, yet they exhaust themselves fighting over power. For Zhao Ji’s safety, before the right time comes, you must keep this a secret.” “Yes.” “The day when I announce to the world that Ji’er is my son is not far off. Once I seize absolute power, there will be nothing left to fear. At that time, if one person blocks Ji’er, I will kill that one person. If an entire clan blocks him, I will wipe out that entire clan.” “I want Ji’er to sit firmly in the supreme position. Then I can also go to meet your mother-in-law in the underworld with peace of mind.” Yuan’er thought to herself, “I always felt that the king favored Brother Zhao Ji quite a bit before. So it was family affection all along. His feelings for Mother-in-law were truly deep.” “Royal Father, you must take good care of your health and not worry too much. Perhaps one day, you may still be reunited with her.” The King of Qin was stunned and glanced at Yuan’er. “What did you say?” “Brother Ji once said that there may be a way in this world to bring the dead back to life. If he can find that method, he will surely revive Mother.” “Ji’er said that? Then in this lifetime, can I truly see Dong’er again?” If anyone else had said it, the King of Qin would not have believed it and would have dismissed it as fantasy. But Zhao Ji possessed extraordinary gifts; if he were not certain, he would never speak recklessly. “Ji’er, oh Ji’er, you must do this. As long as Dong’er can be revived, I would even trade my own life for it.” At the border between Yan and Wei, a subordinate from Yan stepped forward and reported, “Your Highness the Crown Prince, ahead lies Wei territory, but a cavalry force is blocking the road.” The Crown Prince of Yan immediately said, “It may be Wei’s border guards. Do not worry. Advance at full speed.” “Understood.” Just then, the Blood Tiger let out a roar, throwing the horses into utter panic. “Where did that tiger’s roar come from?” “The Qin banner? This is the Yan-Wei border. Qin troops are here? Could it be that Wei has already fallen?” “No, impossible. Our Yan army moved here as fast as it could. Lord Xinling had 500,000 troops under his command. How could he possibly be defeated in only two short months?” At that moment, Zhao Ji was riding the Blood Tiger straight toward the Yan officers and soldiers. “Yan Dan, still well, I trust? Yan rushed hundreds of miles to reinforce Wei. Originally, that would have been a deed praised by later generations. But unfortunately, you were one step too late. Qi and Chu were also one step too late.” “Zhao Ji, it’s you again. What do you mean by that?” “How stupid. I mean Wei is already finished. Your coming here is pointless. Hurry back to Yan, and for now I will spare your life.” Yan Dan secretly steadied himself. Behind Zhao Ji there were only a few thousand troops—nothing to fear. “Zhao Ji, who do you think I am? You must have deliberately led troops into the borderlands to trick me into withdrawing my reinforcements.” Zhao Ji could not be bothered to argue further. “If that’s what you think, then I have no interest in wasting words with you. Take one strike from me. From this day forward, this place belongs to Qin. Whoever invades Great Qin’s territory—I kill!” “Whoever invades Great Qin’s territory—I kill! Kill! Kill!” Yan Dan shouted, “What are you afraid of? No retreat! Qin has only a few thousand men! Our great Yan has 150,000 troops and horses—what is there to fear?” Zhao Ji then shouted with his sound-wave technique, “Get lost!” The horses instantly descended into complete panic, neighing wildly without stop. “Damn it! These beasts have been startled! Don’t run! Don’t run!” “General Zhao Ji is mighty indeed—he drove back the Yan army with a single move!” “Amazing!” “Hmph, Yan Dan, that useless waste. He still wants to stand shoulder to shoulder with the First Emperor? What a joke.” “General, shall we also cross the borders of Qi and Chu?” Zhao Ji replied, “No need. Just spread word that the Yan army has retreated, then station troops here to guard the border. After the reinforcements of the three states were repelled once, the other two will not dare come recklessly either.” Yan Dan was seething with fury, venting it nonstop on several trees. “That bastard Zhao Ji! Zhao Ji! Zhao Ji! Drag away those two beasts pulling the carriage and chop them to pieces! They made me lose all face before the Qin army!” “You all think I was afraid of Zhao Ji too, don’t you?” No generals dared follow up on that. Instead, one general said, “This general sees that Your Highness knows when to bend and when to stand firm. If we had truly attacked Zhao Ji just now, Your Highness certainly could have killed him—but that would have given Qin an excuse to invade Great Yan. Your Highness endured humiliation for a moment in exchange for peace for Great Yan. Truly a wise ruler—blessing the people and blessing Yan.” Hearing this, Yan Dan felt much better. “Mm, even Zheng himself does not frighten me. Much less Zhao Ji. So what if you destroyed Wei, Zhao Ji? If you dare invade my Great Yan, I will make sure you come but never leave.” A few days later, in Daliang: “General Zhao Ji, to prevent plague from spreading, Supreme Commander Wang Jian has ordered the city of Daliang burned.” Zhao Ji also approved of this action. “That is the proper policy. I have been on the move for several days in a row and am rather tired. Unless it is military business of urgency, do not disturb me.” “Understood.” “Finally, some free time. System, settle the rewards for killing enemies.” “Command accepted, Host. Beginning reward settlement.” “Congratulations. The army under the Host’s command killed 353,212 enemy soldiers and obtained 114,000 experience points. The accumulated experience has reached the level-up threshold. Does the Host wish to level up?” “Level me up.” “Congratulations, Host, on reaching Level 14, Xiantian Fourth Layer. Congratulations, Host, on reaching Level 15, Xiantian Fifth Layer.” “I actually rose two levels at once. Even two meridian channels have opened up. Open the status panel.” “Command accepted. Displaying the status panel.” Level: 15. Xiantian Fifth Layer. Physical strength: 6000. True qi: 5000. Cultivation methods: Basic Internal Strength, perfected; Heaven-Origin Earth-Extension, life without end, capable of restoring true qi. Martial skills: Basic Swordsmanship, perfected—one sword strike releases invisible sword qi; perfected royal mid-grade martial skill Fierce Tiger Fist—one punch roars like a tiger, and one punch can gather the body’s full strength to increase power tenfold; perfected royal martial skill Divine Archery—fully comprehended, arrows can be fired continuously within 300 zhang, ten arrows in succession carrying explosive arrow qi; perfected royal martial skill Overlord Halberd Technique. Weapons owned: Zhanlu Sword, Overlord Halberd, refined steel sword. Protective armor: Ten-Stone Bow. Magical treasure owned: Xiangxin, with the attribute of troop refinement. When the Host commands armies in battle formations, combat power can be increased by 100%, and morale boosts battle strength. Special trait owned: Authority of a Supreme General—all subordinate generals hold the Host in awe. Experience required for next level-up: 13,012.” “With just a little over ten thousand more experience points, I can level up three times in a row. And sure enough, compared to cultivation, killing enemies is the fastest path to gaining strength. The Yellow River swept through Daliang. It not only drowned the Wei army, but also common civilians. They were all counted as experience points. If in the future I massacre the civilians in a city...” “No, no, no. How could I even think such a thing? Power shakes people, and strength corrupts the soul. Massacring civilians in a city not only violates the heavenly way, but for our own people, it would mean severing the very roots of our Qin people. But if in the future I am dealing with foreign tribes, exterminating an entire city or an entire race may not necessarily be a bad thing. Still, that is a matter for the future.” “System, begin settling the reputation rewards.” “The Host has earned the admiration of five million people and gains 500,000 upgrade points. The Host has enlisted and served in the army for five years, personally killed a thousand enemy soldiers, and the army under the Host’s command has killed 500,000 enemy troops. Settling hidden rewards.” Zhao Ji was startled. “A hidden reward?” “Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the martial dao divine ability— Passive Killing Dao.” “Killing Dao? What kind of divine ability is that? Does it treat slaughter like a divine weapon? I wonder if my guess is right.” “System, begin learning Killing Dao.” A strange aura began to spread out. “Command accepted. Host is now beginning to learn Killing Dao. Killing intent erupts and forms a domain of murderous aura. All people within this area will be suppressed by the killing intent.” “Hngh... it hurts...” “The stronger the killing intent, the greater the power of the Killing Dao. In the end, through killing intent, the Host may take anyone’s life.” “Hahaha, so this is Killing Dao? It’s exactly as I imagined.” A gigantic skull appeared behind Zhao Ji, constantly radiating a death-filled murderous aura. “In this world, my strength is already unmatched. But when this world reaches a higher level in the future, this Killing Dao will become my trump card.” Outside, the officers and soldiers were trembling all over. “Why... why do I suddenly feel so terrified? I’m drenched in sweat.” “Me too.” Zhao Ji was extremely satisfied. “Not bad. My strength really has risen tremendously this time.” “Command accepted, Host.” “At this rate, after destroying the remaining three states—Qi, Chu, and Yan—even the Grandmaster realm should be within reach.” “System, continue settling rewards.” “Command accepted. Congratulations, Host. For killing Lord Xinling of Wei, Wei Wuji of the State of Wei, you gain 1,000 experience points and are rewarded with the Wei Wuzu Training Method. For killing the King of Wei, you gain another 1,000 experience points and are rewarded with the Dao Finger Technique. The Wei Wuzu was originally Wu Qi’s troop-training method. If it had not been lost, Wei would never have declined so badly. And now, after Wei has forgotten it, this ultimate method has ended up in my hands.” “How ironic. What a pity. But now I’ll have to rename it the Qin Wuzu.” Just then a subordinate’s voice sounded. “Master.” Zhao Ji turned around and said, “Come in. What is it?” “Reporting to Master, Qin Sheng has arrived with the King of Qin’s decree. He is waiting for you at the military camp.” “Let’s go.” “There is no fighting at the moment. If Qin Sheng came in person, then eight or nine times out of ten he is bringing Zheng’s rewards. Tonight really is a night of many gains.” “The King of Qin has issued a decree to the army that destroyed Wei. General Zhao Ji and commander Wang Jian have rendered great service. Supreme General Wang Jian has labored greatly and established many merits. He is hereby awarded one rank of nobility and one thousand taels of gold.” “This minister, Wang Jian, thanks Your Majesty for your grace.” “General Zhao Ji diverted the waters of the Yellow River into Daliang, slew Wei Wuji, killed the King of Wei, and rendered the merit of destroying Wei. He is awarded two ranks of nobility, granted the title of Marquis Within the Passes, put in charge of military affairs of the three armies, and bestowed the title Wu’an Marquis.” When Zhao Ji heard this, he was utterly astonished. “Wu’an Marquis? Great Qin has another Wu’an Marquis?” Zhao Ji happily accepted the decree. “This minister Zhao Ji thanks the King.” Wang Jian excitedly threw an arm around Zhao Ji’s shoulders in congratulations. “Congratulations, brat Zhao Ji—Wu’an Marquis! You fully deserve it! Hahaha, that is the highest title pursued by military generals under heaven. Congratulations to you, Wu’an Marquis.” Zhao Ji modestly replied, “It is all thanks to the King’s grace. General Qin Sheng, you have traveled hard. Now that the royal decree has been delivered, we should also catch up over old times.” “Come.” Wang Jian also agreed. “Hahaha, right, right. Wu’an Marquis is indeed thoughtful. I’ll have a banquet prepared. We won’t go home until we’re drunk.” “Young Master Ji has been granted the title of Wu’an Marquis and yet remains so calm. If Great Qin is entrusted to Young Master Ji in the future, it will surely welcome prosperity and flourishing glory.” “Congratulations, Host, on being granted the title of Wu’an Marquis. The system reward has been delivered and may be claimed at any time.” “This title of Wu’an Marquis can be called a huge reward in itself. The system’s reward is certainly worth looking forward to.” At that moment, Zhao Ji was attending the banquet together with the high-ranking generals. The young man then asked Qin Sheng, “General, how has the King been lately?” Qin Sheng cheerfully replied, “The King learned that Wu’an Marquis won a great victory against Wei in the final battle, so of course he is extremely pleased.” “And... my wife and children, are they well too?” “Hehe, please rest assured, Wu’an Marquis. Madam, the young master, and the young lady are all personally cared for by the King. They are in excellent health. Especially the young master and young lady—they stay by the King’s side every day and are dearly doted on.” “Then I’m relieved. Zheng truly treats me well. I must repay this favor.” Just then, a night eagle flew in carrying a message. Zhao Ji did not read it right away, but instead happily led Qin Sheng over to see a treasure. “General Qin Sheng, I have a treasure I wish to present to the King. When you depart and return to Xianyang, could you bring it with you?” Qin Sheng immediately put on a bewildered look. “A treasure?” “General, please come with me for a moment.” With that, Zhao Ji led Qin Sheng and Wang Jian into a tent. “This is the treasure I wish to present to the King. General Qin Sheng, please take a look.” “Pigeons?” Zhao Ji explained, “These are not ordinary pigeons. They are messenger pigeons personally trained by me. Messenger pigeons have the ability to return to their nest. No matter if they are taken thousands of miles away, they can still accurately find their way home. Just think—if we place their nest in Xianyang, what then?” The two men were stunned. “You mean to use them to deliver messages? So they’re like your divine birds? If their nest is built in Xianyang, then without spending a single soldier or horse, messages could be sent back to Xianyang from anywhere under heaven.” “In times of war, communication is unimaginably difficult. Even if there is no ambush, galloping from Daliang to Xianyang still takes seven or eight days. But this tiny pigeon can not only avoid everyone’s notice, it can also arrive in just one day.” “This... this truly is a treasure, a treasure indeed! Wu’an Marquis, Qin Sheng bows on behalf of the King, and on behalf of all the Qin messengers who have died in service.” Seeing this, Zhao Ji hurriedly said, “I am not only a Wu’an Marquis personally enfeoffed by the King, but also a soldier of Great Qin. General Qin Sheng, you needn’t do this.” Wang Jian could not suppress his delight either. “Brat Ji, you’ve opened a new era. A new era belonging to our Great Qin.” “What can I bring to this era? The future of our Yanhuang people stretches even farther.” Zhao Ji then patted his belly and teased the pigeons before him. “I want to keep a few for Supreme Commander Wang Jian. Aside from that, all of them will be presented to the King.” “Well, now that you’ve seen them, the two of you should go get some rest, shouldn’t you?” Afraid he had heard wrong, Wang Jian asked again, “Some of these are for me too? I want to look at them.” Qin Sheng also crowded in, saying, “Me too.” Zhao Ji smiled and walked out of the tent, leaving the two old men inside admiring the birds. “Suit yourselves. I, this general, am going back to rest first.” The two veteran generals continued looking and commenting, “This bird really is clever.” “Hahaha, from now on all message delivery will be left to you lot. When the King sees them, he will definitely be delighted.” On the way back, Zhao Ji took the chance to order the system, “Claim the title reward.” “Command accepted. Reward will now be issued to the Host. Congratulations, Host, on obtaining the title Wu’an Marquis. You have gained the admiration of one million Qin soldiers, increasing by one-third the experience gained when commanding troops to kill enemies. At the same time, the passive Killing Dao can now be activated, granting one-third more killing intent. The title Wu’an Marquis and the Killing Dao—what a perfect combination. Zheng has truly helped me quite a lot.” “Does the Host wish to equip the title Wu’an Marquis?” “Equip it immediately.” “Command accepted.” A stream of golden light fused into Zhao Ji’s body. “Title equipped successfully. Continue settlement of noble-rank rewards. Congratulations, Host, on receiving the reward Great Returning Pill, one thousand low-grade spirit stones, and for being enfeoffed as Marquis Within the Passes, the Xuan-rank martial skill Cloud-Treading Ascension.” Zhao Ji’s eyes instantly lit up. “My god, Cloud-Treading Ascension! That’s truly a top-tier lightness skill. With internal force enhancing it, I could run across rooftops and fly over walls. If I fuse it with martial true qi, wouldn’t I be able to make use of aerial mobility?” “Cultivate Cloud-Treading Ascension.” At that moment, Zhao Ji was already able to move swiftly, tread on treetops, and glide lightly through the air. “Hahaha, simply using Cloud-Treading Ascension already feels this light and nimble. Wonderful.” While practicing Cloud-Treading Ascension, the young man accidentally discovered a group of sneaky figures. The masked people quickly noticed Zhao Ji and immediately turned tail and fled. The young man thought to himself, “My intelligence network is already in my hands, yet people like this still exist? Whose subordinates are they?” Without another word, he dove down and attacked the masked group. They panicked and fled. “This is bad! We’ve really been discovered!” The instant he landed, Zhao Ji drew his sword and slashed toward them. “You should be grateful—I still have questions to ask. Who sent you here to hide near my Qin camp, and what is your purpose?” “I... we are...” As he spoke, his hand moved downward and seized a purple sphere, which he smashed hard onto the ground. Instantly it exploded, and thick smoke billowed everywhere. He shouted, “Split up and run!” Zhao Ji rubbed his eyes. “Cough, cough, cough. These men do have some tricks. Then let me show you the taste of rapid explosive arrows.” Immediately Zhao Ji fired into the smoke. His arrows struck someone among them. When the smoke cleared, they had already vanished, leaving him alone. Zhao Ji picked up a bloodstained leaf and thought to himself, “For them to escape from my hands, they must be top experts. But do the various states still have people like that?” “He chose smoke instead of poison, which means he did not want my life. Otherwise, I would not have hesitated and let them seize the chance to escape. But why?” As he walked, he stepped on a token. “Could this be—” When he returned to the tent, Zhao Ji went over to the night eagle. “Thank you for delivering the letter. When he returned to the tent, Zhao Ji went over to the night eagle. Thank you for delivering the letter. There was truly too much going on tonight—I nearly forgot about you.” The young man opened the letter and read: “Replying to Master: An Ying has discovered a spy organization that has recently been very active and has been lingering around Master. This organization is extremely secretive, and its strength is difficult to distinguish as higher or lower than An Ying’s. My subordinates have clashed with them several times as well, but no victor has been decided. I dare to speculate that this organization is very likely the Black Ice Terrace under the King of Qin. I ask Master to be cautious.” Holding the secret report in his hand, Zhao Ji was filled with shock. “The Black Ice Terrace?” He clenched the paper tightly, suspicion and anger rising. “Those people just now carried palace tokens from Great Qin. I thought they were Li Si’s men. So they were actually Zheng’s subordinates. No wonder their skills were so extraordinary.” Burning the letter to ashes, he muttered to himself, “Zheng is definitely on guard against me. On one hand, he gives me power and lets me wage war against the other states. On the other, he fears I may rebel.” He recalled the intimate gestures, the warm and affectionate embrace the King of Qin had given him. Zhao Ji’s heart was now in utter turmoil. He still felt that Zheng would not go that far. “When I return to Xianyang, I’ll see what he has to say.” While Zhao Ji was deeply troubled by Zheng’s baffling actions, Zheng himself was feeling immensely proud, praising his beloved child again and again. “Hahaha, well done, Ji’er. Really well done.” The subordinate who had been struck by an arrow earlier sighed in grievance, “Your Majesty, ever since the Black Ice Terrace was established, it has never suffered such a huge loss. Young Master Ji is truly formidable, to the point of making you lose both troops and generals.” Ying Zheng was extremely curious and excited, urging him to quickly recount the details. Since he wanted to hear it, the man was naturally willing to tell him. “It happened like this.” “At first, we discovered an underground organization with tremendous strength. Not only were they powerful, they also used a very strange kind of repeating crossbow. Although we were worried about Young Master Ji’s safety, it still took us several months just to barely break through their defenses and get close to him.” “But alas, before we could continue any deeper, we ran straight into Young Master Ji. Several of the Black Ice Terrace’s strongest experts were all in Young Master Ji’s hands. And the weapon Young Master Ji used was precisely that repeating crossbow. Do you know how bitter that felt? We fought that organization with our lives on the line in order to protect him, only to find out that organization actually belonged to Young Master Ji.” Holding the arrow in his hand, Ying Zheng could not help being astonished. He had never imagined that his own son had such a powerful organization, one that could even stand on equal footing with the Black Ice Terrace. Equal footing? That organization was even stronger than the Black Ice Terrace. “Your Majesty, that organization has already infiltrated the world and is hidden within the various states. Did anyone even need protecting? We nearly threw our lives away for nothing. That organization is practically Young Master Ji’s right arm already.” With his hands behind his back, Ying Zheng leisurely walked out the door, feeling much more at ease. “Even as the King of Qin, I may not necessarily be able to suppress him. Heaven truly has eyes, granting Ji’er to me and to Great Qin. Otherwise, even if I unified all the states, relying only on those sons of mine who spend all day immersed in power struggles, I would never be able to hold this realm.” Just as he reached the doorway, his two grandchildren ran over excitedly, calling out, “Grandfather, Grandfather!” “It seems Grandfather is in a very good mood. Did something good happen?” Pulling the two children into his arms, Ying Zheng smiled brightly. “Of course something good happened. Ji’er, Xi’er, do you miss your father?” “I do not.” “I dream about Father all the time. Grandfather, is Father coming back soon? Really? Ji’er wants to tell Mother this good news.” “Hahaha, quickly now. I also want your father back. As soon as he stabilizes the borders of Wei, I will immediately summon him back.” On Zhao Ji’s side, after seeing Wang Jian off, the young man returned to his tent in a state of utter exhaustion. “Next comes handling the affairs of Great Wei. The King of Qin has ordered me to command the troops in Great Wei. But Han, Zhao, and Wei all need great generals to garrison them. I intend to entrust that to the three of you. I wonder if you are willing?” Thinking they had heard wrong, the group asked in unison, “Us? Garrison the various regions?” The three of them immediately knelt down, overwhelmed with gratitude. “We have received our lord’s support and swear to remain loyal unto death. We will not fail your trust, my lord.” “Hey, hey, calm down first. That still depends on whether you can pass my test.” The moment they heard the word “test,” the three men froze, their eyes going wide. Soon after, they were taken to a place to test their strength. To keep idle people from disturbing them, Zhao Ji ordered the Blood Tiger to lie outside and stand guard. “You have all cultivated martial arts for some time now. How is your cultivation at present?” Tu Sui confidently replied, “Reporting to my lord, this subordinate has already reached the peak of the seventh level of the Houtian Realm.” Li Qing also said excitedly that his cultivation was equal to Tu Sui’s. Only Zhang Han was a bit embarrassed and admitted that he had merely reached the peak of the fourth level of the Houtian Realm. “But please rest assured, my lord. This subordinate will cultivate even more diligently and raise my realm as quickly as possible.” Zhao Ji smiled and said that martial cultivation was something only extraordinary people could achieve. “Although you know the realms, you do not understand how much power they truly hold. I am the same, which is why I called you here to test it out. Come. Use all your inner force and attack me.” “What? Do you think you can injure me? Since my lord has said this much, what is there to hesitate over? Brothers, charge!” Tu Sui and Li Qing attacked together in perfect coordination, rushing forward. As Tu Sui’s punch came in, Zhao Ji lightly shifted aside and dodged. Seizing the chance, Li Qing whipped out a powerful kick toward Zhao Ji. Without hesitation, the young man spun and leaped into the air, avoiding the sweeping strike. The power of that attack easily cut apart the thick trees in front of them. Knowing his moment to shine had come, Zhang Han immediately braced himself and charged. He shot forward like a missile, ramming straight toward the target he had locked onto. But unfortunately, that attack was effortlessly neutralized by Zhao Ji. “You’re still too green, kid.” The young man then gave him a direct blow to the back of the neck. Anyone less alert would have gone straight to the afterlife from a hit like that. With a loud bang and dust flying everywhere, Zhang Han collapsed in a heap on the ground, unconscious. Seeing this, the other two young men launched a sneak attack from behind. Zhao Ji remained standing there calmly. But when their punches drew near, they suddenly ran into something, and both were utterly bewildered. “Wh-what is this? We can’t move!” Seeing the dumbfounded look on his subordinates’ faces, Zhao Ji smiled and explained. “That is a true qi barrier. With inexhaustible true qi, even in a rain of arrows one would not be injured. And the power of martial cultivation goes far beyond that. When one’s realm rises high enough, a single barrier can withstand a thousand troops.” After explaining, the young man gathered qi and sent both of them flying. “The martial path’s first major stage, Dao Technique First Heaven. By now, you should have a clearer understanding of your own strength. In the future, when stationed in different places, you must not neglect your cultivation.” Though in a miserable state, Tu Sui still forced himself to say, “This subordinate understands. I definitely will not slack off.” Zhao Ji then took out three pouches and handed one to each of them. The moment the bags were in their hands, they stared blankly, not knowing what the green objects inside were. Zhao Ji told them, “Those are spirit stones, boys. Rare goods. Very precious. I’m only giving them to you now. They contain pure energy. Ten for each of you. Use them for cultivation from now on.” The three of them knelt in unison and thanked their lord. After that, the young man did not forget to introduce them to one of his most capable subordinates. “What are you waiting for? Come out and let them have a look.” Dun Ruo immediately stepped out. “Hello, boys. Long time no see. You all doing well lately?” They were all stunned. “Dun Ruo? You’re also one of my lord’s men?” “What kind of stupid question is that? If I weren’t my lord’s man, would I still be standing here alive talking nonsense? Let me show off a little and dazzle you. No need to hide it from you. Right now, I am the head of the Shadow organization. Under my command, there are nearly twenty thousand elite intelligence agents spread across the world. From now on, if you need any information, just come to me.” Damn it. Good heavens. My lord had actually built an intelligence network spread throughout the world. Could it be…? Zhao Ji looked at Tu Sui’s contemplative expression and immediately knew what he was thinking, so he cut him off. “I know what you’re thinking. You’re wondering whether I intend to seize the world, aren’t you?” Having been struck right in the heart, Tu Sui hurriedly explained, “This subordinate made a reckless guess.” “No, no, no. You guessed part of it right. Toward the current king, I hold great respect. As long as the king remains the same, I will not change anything. But if the throne falls into the hands of a foolish ruler, and I continue to be blindly loyal, then wouldn’t that be a joke? Under royal authority, a single word can decide life or death. You understand my thoughts, don’t you? Today, whether it is the great army or Shadow, both are foundations I am laying for the future.” After hearing this, they all knelt and clasped their hands, swearing that they would remain forever loyal to Zhao Ji. No matter what choice he made in the future, they would follow him unto death. “Of course I understand your loyalty. But I also hope you can understand my thoughts.” “Alright, go do your own work. I’ll handle some political matters and should also prepare to return to Xianyang to make my report.” Just as he was about to leave, Dun Ruo called out, “My lord, this subordinate just remembered something. I don’t know whether it will be of any use to you.” “Tell me.” “A few days ago, Shadow sent back intelligence from Yan. It said that Yan has sent Yan Dan as an envoy to Xianyang, promising to present gifts to the King in hopes of maintaining friendly ties between Yan and Qin.” Zhao Ji seemed to sense that something was wrong and immediately asked Dun Ruo, “What gift is this Yan Dan presenting?” Dun Ruo replied, “The head of Fan Wuji and a map of the State of Yan.” Upon hearing this, Zhao Ji grabbed his head as realization dawned on him. “This is bad, this is bad. History has reached this point already. I have to return to Xianyang at once.” His subordinates watched Zhao Ji leave in a frantic rush, utterly confused about what was going on. Zhao Ji immediately rushed to the Blood Tiger. “Blood Tiger, return to Xianyang at once!” Meanwhile, in Yan, the King of Yan was furious at his foolish, troublesome son. “How did I ever give birth to a brainless idiot like you?” Yan Dan looked deeply aggrieved. “What did I do wrong? The Three Jin have already been taken by Qin. When the nest is overturned, how can the eggs remain intact? How can Yan just sit still and let others do as they please? Better to strike first.” “You infuriate this old man to death. At present, Yan absolutely cannot afford war. We cannot provoke Qin. With that nameless force, Great Yan could at least continue to conceal its strength and wait for a future opportunity. But you, so full of yourself, personally exposed our side to Great Qin. Don’t think I don’t know. Back when you went as envoy to Qin, the reinforcements in Wei had a conflict with the young Qin general Zhao Ji, didn’t they? How do I know your actions now are not simply personal revenge? Truly childish.” Sensing the tense atmosphere, the supreme general of Yan, Qing Qin, stepped in to speak for Yan Dan. “Your Majesty, if this assassination succeeds, Qin will surely fall into chaos. Perhaps the Crown Prince’s actions truly can save our Great Yan from danger.” Seeing someone speak in his favor, Yan Dan quickly added, “Yes, yes. I am certain it will succeed. Jing Ke and Qin Wuyang are both top assassins. I have also prepared for them two divine weapons, the Xu Fu dagger and the Fish-Intestine Sword, both coated with deadly poison that congeals blood on contact. Royal Father, I have been Crown Prince for many years, yet you have never entrusted me with any great responsibility. But sooner or later this Great Yan will be passed on to me. Please, trust me just this once.” Listening to his son’s ceaseless speech, the King of Yan found it strangely persuasive despite its absurdity. He also began to feel that using Yan’s map and Fan Wuji’s head as bait might indeed give them a chance to approach Ying Zheng. Perhaps this time they truly could reverse Great Yan’s perilous situation. He only hoped that nothing unexpected would happen. Meanwhile, Zhao Ji was riding the Blood Tiger day and night without sleep, hurrying back to Xianyang to save the king. Zhao Ji had never expected that because of his appearance, the course of history had been disrupted, and Jing Ke’s attempt to assassinate Ying Zheng would come earlier. If so, would the final result also change? Right now, he had six hundred thousand elite troops of the Three Jin. Whether Fusu or Huhai inherited the throne, he was confident he would not be restrained and might even unify the states. But he did not want Ying Zheng to die. After three days of travel without food or sleep, Zhao Ji finally arrived at the gates of Xianyang. He immediately pulled out his identity token and shouted, “I am Wu’an Marquis Zhao Ji! Open the city gate at once!” The soldiers atop the wall saw him, but they could not disobey orders. “Forgive us, Wu’an Marquis. Today, the envoy from Yan has come to pay respects. The entire city is under martial law. The King has decreed that the gates are not to be opened. If you wish to enter, please wait while I report first.” Zhao Ji was anxious to the extreme. He was still one step too late. If there was any further delay, it would be too late. Did he really have to force his way in? But if he did, it would amount to defying royal authority. Even if Ying Zheng spared him afterward for saving his life, conflict might still arise. Inside the Qin court hall at that very moment, Jing Ke and Qin Wuyang had already arrived. Jing Ke respectfully said, “This subject Jing Ke, together with Qin Wuyang, pays respects to Your Majesty.” Hearing that form of address, the King of Qin found it rather strange. “You are subjects of Yan. That form of address is somewhat inappropriate.” Jing Ke immediately explained, “This subject has not misspoken. Your Majesty wishes to unify the world. How could the land of Yan fail to submit to Heaven’s will? Therefore, we willingly surrender and become a vassal to Great Qin. To show our sincerity, this time I present the map of Yan and the severed head of Fan Wuji. I hope Your Majesty will show mercy.” Looking at the box in Qin Wuyang’s hands, Ying Zheng asked, “Is Fan Wuji’s head truly inside?” Qin Wuyang, trembling, stammered, “Y-yes, it is. It is indeed F-Fan Wuji.” The moment Fan Wuji’s name was mentioned, the flames of Ying Zheng’s anger rose again. “Take it out at once and let me see.” The reason Ying Zheng hated Fan Wuji so much was because Cheng Jiao, his only younger brother, had been led astray by that scheming Fan Wuji and had ended up opposing him. The more Ying Zheng thought about it, the angrier he became, crushing the armrest in his grip. “And when Cheng Jiao was defeated, he immediately abandoned him. He deserves to be hacked into ten thousand pieces.” Hearing this, Qin Wuyang was so frightened that his hands and feet shook violently, and he collapsed to his knees. When the King of Qin saw his appearance, his expression was full of disdain. “Hmph. Are you that terrified?” Seeing this, Jing Ke stepped in to smooth things over. “We come from the distant lands of Yan. In the face of Your Majesty’s majesty, we are so frightened we could nearly wet ourselves.” Though he said so aloud, inwardly he was extremely irritated by Qin Wuyang’s weak and fearful display. Crying and shaking like this—what could he possibly accomplish? At this point, he could only rely on himself. He could not fail Crown Prince Dan’s trust. Already fed up with the young Qin Wuyang, Jing Ke no longer wanted to bother showing Fan Wuji’s head. Instead, he asked to present the map. Without hesitation, Jing Ke walked toward Ying Zheng. Seeing this, the old eunuch immediately stretched out his hand to block him. “Stay where you are. Do not come any closer. Hand the map to me.” If he could not get close, how was he supposed to assassinate him? Jing Ke therefore said, “The territory of Yan is vast. Does Your Majesty not wish to let this subject explain it personally?” Ying Zheng found that reasonable and said, “Very well. Zhao Gao, step back for the moment and let him come forward. Over all these years, you are the only foreigner permitted to approach me.” Jing Ke forced a smile and replied, “To receive such favor from Your Majesty, even death would leave me with no regrets.” Once he had drawn close to his target, he slowly opened the map, his heart surging with excitement. Ying Zheng, your day of death has arrived. “Your Majesty, look over here. This is the most prosperous area in Yan.” The instant the King of Qin turned his gaze toward the map, Jing Ke seized the poisoned dagger he had prepared in advance. “Damn Ying Zheng, go die!” Caught by the sudden attack, Ying Zheng froze, his eyes wide, only able to stare at his attacker. The officials below were thrown into panic—some stumbled and fell in terror, while others shouted frantically, “Protect the King! Protect the King!” At that very instant of life and death, a voice filled with murderous intent rang out, “Who dares harm my king?” In that instant, skulls carrying the aura of death appeared behind Jing Ke, causing him to freeze for a brief moment. Seizing the opportunity while his enemy was stunned, Ying Zheng kicked him hard and sent him crashing to the ground, then ran desperately toward the nearby sword. Jing Ke sprang back up like a bloodthirsty beast, dagger in hand, lunging at his prey. Before Ying Zheng could fully draw his sword, the dagger was already close to his head. It was over. Was he really about to die here? But with Zhao Ji present, how could Jing Ke possibly get the chance? The young man instantly shot an arrow toward Jing Ke. The arrow easily knocked the dagger from Jing Ke’s hand before whistling past his head. Struck by the sudden attack, Jing Ke lost his balance and fell to the ground. Ying Zheng immediately seized the chance, drew his sword, and stabbed straight through him. Jing Ke was utterly unwilling to accept it. He had only been a little short. Just before death, memories flooded back of the day Crown Prince Dan saw him off to Qin—entering the tiger’s den and dragon’s palace, looking up at the sky and exhaling a rainbow-white breath. The bleak wind blew cold over the Yi River. The brave man departs, never to return. Your Highness the Crown Prince, I have failed in my duty. It was clearly only a little more, just a little more. Who was it in the end? Only at this moment did Zhao Ji finally let out a relieved breath. Fortunately, he had arrived in time. When the assembled officials saw Zhao Ji, they all cried out in shock, “Look! It’s Wu’an Marquis! Wu’an Marquis has returned to save the King!” Ying Zheng was overjoyed. “Ji’er, it was Ji’er who came to save me. Wu’an Marquis! Wu’an Marquis is mighty!” Damn it. Neither the father and son of the Meng family nor Han Fei were here. Even Xia Wuju, who in history threw his medicine box and won Ying Zheng a chance to live, was not here either. The entire court was filled with civil officials. If I had not returned, history would truly have been rewritten. “Ying Zheng, I saved your life. What happens next is up to you.” Zhao Ji immediately bowed before Ying Zheng. “Your Majesty, please forgive this subject for returning to court without an order.” “Quickly, quickly, rise and let me have a good look at you.” “Thank you, Your Majesty.” At that moment, Xin Sheng rushed in anxiously and knelt to take the blame. “Y-Your Majesty, it was this subject who opened the city gate for Wu’an Marquis. Wu’an Marquis absolutely did not force his way into the palace. If punishment must be given, please punish this subject.” Zhao Ji immediately refuted him. “No. It was this subject who believed there was an assassination attempt and therefore forced General Xin Sheng to open the gate. General Xin Sheng was only worried for Your Majesty and is in no way at fault.” Ying Zheng excitedly patted Zhao Ji on the shoulder. “Did I say either of you was guilty? You brat, did you deliberately come back to save me? Time and again you have rendered great service, and now you have even added the merit of saving your king. How exactly am I supposed to thank you?” The young man immediately put on an adorably pitiful face and said, “I just want to sleep soundly for a while. If Your Majesty does not blame this subject, that is already the greatest grace.” Zhao Ji knew perfectly well that his body was utterly exhausted. Three hundred li a day, three days and three nights without rest—even someone at the Innate Realm could hardly endure that. Hearing this, Ying Zheng pulled Zhao Ji along. “Fine. Zhao Gao, go prepare bedding and top-grade calming medicine. My Wu’an Marquis is going to sleep.” Faced with this forceful dragging-away, Zhao Ji could only grumble inwardly, My meaning was that I wanted to go home. No matter how good Your Majesty’s bedding is, it still won’t be as comfortable as sleeping with my wife in my arms. But now that things had come to this, there was probably no way to refuse. Outside Zhao Ji’s room, voices were chattering noisily. “I investigated Yan’s situation right after the relocation. While in Wei territory, the Wu’an Marquis noticed something was wrong and hurried back to Xianyang at once, not even having time to bring a single guard with him.” Ying Zheng could not stop praising him. “Riding thousands of li in three days—Ji’er truly gave his whole heart for me. And he is very clever as well.” After a deep sleep, Zhao Ji slowly woke up. “That was wonderful… where am I?” Ying Zheng continued speaking, “Have you investigated the assassin plot this time? There was someone in the palace aiding them.” Zhao Ji jolted upright. That was Ying Zheng’s voice. The young man instantly remembered how he had firmly refused to stay here before. “Your Majesty, this really isn’t quite proper.” But Ying Zheng had flatly refused to listen. “Between you and me, there is no need to speak of rules. Men, help the Wu’an Marquis change his clothes.” Good heavens… this is Zhangtai Palace? I really slept here? At that moment, Xin Sheng also reported, “Qin Wuyang could not endure the punishment and has confessed that this assassination was Yan Dan’s plan. The eunuch in the palace who was bribed has also been captured and awaits Your Majesty’s judgment.” Ying Zheng said coldly, “Order all spies in the palace put to death. As for Qin Wuyang, dismember him.” “This subordinate will carry it out at once.” “Now let us speak of your dereliction of duty. Tie Ying, this time, when investigating Yan’s intelligence, it seems you failed again.” Tie Ying kowtowed repeatedly in terror. “The Black Ice Platform was truly inferior. We failed to detect Yan Dan’s actions. I beg Your Majesty to punish me at once.” “And you, Xin Sheng. Was the Wu’an Marquis really brought into the city by you?” Hearing Ying Zheng’s question, Xin Sheng suddenly recalled how Zhao Ji had charged into the palace that day with killing intent blazing from him. “Everyone, get out of my way! I’ll apologize to His Majesty another day. If you insist on blocking me, don’t blame this general for showing no mercy.” Sweating profusely, he hesitated before answering, “Actually… the Wu’an Marquis forced his way into the city. But it is also true that he risked everything for Your Majesty’s safety.” “I’ll spare you for now.” Just as Zhao Ji had expected, Ying Zheng did not blame him at all. But that man in black must have belonged to the Black Ice Platform. From the wording, he was probably referring to the Shadow Guards. Had Ying Zheng known long ago that he had already planted spies? At that moment Zhao Gao entered to report, “Your Majesty, Young Masters Huhai and Fusu have been kneeling outside the hall for two hours.” “I nearly forgot those two. You may all withdraw first. Zhao Gao, call Huhai and Fusu in.” Huhai immediately rushed in with fake urgency, crying miserably, “Royal Father, Royal Father, are you safe and sound? Your son heard that assassin’s dagger was poisoned—one touch of blood and death would follow! Royal Father, Royal Father, are you truly unharmed? If anything had really happened to you, your son would have been willing to die with you!” Ying Zheng frowned in irritation. “Willing to die for me? More like waiting in the inner palace for news of my death. You certainly got the information quickly enough. Very well, I am perfectly fine. Fusu, do you have anything to say?” “Chunyu Yue must have instructed you quite a bit too, hm?” He immediately recalled Chunyu Yue’s words: “Entering the royal capital without orders, charging through the city defense, bringing weapons into court without the slightest regard for law—each of these is a capital offense. Such a madman cannot be kept.” He knew full well that Zhao Ji was highly valued by his father. If he repeated those words, it would surely leave a bad impression on Ying Zheng. So he immediately knelt and said on Zhao Ji’s behalf, “Disregarding the law is indeed a grave crime, but saving Royal Father from danger is a great merit. Merit and crime offset one another. Your son has nothing further to say, and only wishes for Royal Father’s good health.” Seeing that his son was sensible, Ying Zheng felt somewhat relieved. “Fusu, it is a good thing that you can form your own views. Chunyu Yue is a talented man—you must learn how to make use of him, rather than be bound by him.” “Your son understands.” “Since you know I am safe, then all of you may withdraw. You two have suffered from kneeling outside for two hours.” “Your son thanks Royal Father for your concern. Your son takes his leave.” Standing inside, the young Zhao Ji had heard everything. The moment those two troublesome sons left, Ying Zheng spoke up and asked Zhao Ji, “As for my assassination, how sincere do you think they were?” Suddenly being called out, the young man jumped in fright. “Your Majesty, so you already knew I was awake?” “Sit down first. Answer my question.” Zhao Ji immediately started talking in circles. “Your Majesty already has your own judgment in your heart, so why insist that I say it?” “But I like hearing you say it, so speak.” “Since you insist so sincerely, then I’ll gladly tell you.” “Young Master Huhai knelt for two hours and still cried that theatrically—the moment he came in, it was obvious he had only just started acting. Young Master Fusu was very restrained. He was probably crying outside the whole time, which is why he looked so exhausted.” “Fusu was clearly aiming his criticism at you, yet you still speak for him?” “Oh, come on. Young Master Fusu and I merely differ in our views. We only debated for a bit—that doesn’t mean I could resent him, does it?” Ying Zheng found himself more and more pleased with this son of his. Broad-minded, fair in judgment, and able to grasp the key point—very good. “Fusu is indeed a kind and filial child, but his temperament is too soft, and he is easily influenced by others. Zhao Ji, how about I place Fusu under your guidance and have you teach him?” Hearing this, Zhao Ji felt as if he had been struck by lightning. What the hell? Does he want to drag me into a succession struggle? He wants me to assist Fusu? What kind of joke is that? I can’t be Zhuge Liang. If anything, I’d end up as Sima Yi. Looking at his son, Ying Zheng thought to himself, An elder brother is like a father. I’m only asking him to guide his younger brother. Just look at that unwilling expression. The brothers should build a good bond with one another. In the future, when he ascends the throne, he’ll have more helpers too. After a brief moment of thought, Zhao Ji said, “Your Majesty, are you trying to kill this subject but can’t do it directly?” Ying Zheng froze. Where had that come from? “Think about it, Your Majesty. Young Master Fusu and I already differ in our views. If you have me teach him, wouldn’t that just turn one grudge into a deeper grudge? When he ascends the throne in the future, won’t the first person he kills be me?” Ying Zheng burst out laughing. “So that’s what you were worried about. It was indeed my oversight. Then let us forget it.” Even Zhao Ji had to admire how quickly Ying Zheng changed his tone. Damn, why was he so easy to talk to all of a sudden? So he really was testing me. Ying Zheng suddenly said, “Men, bring forth the gifts for the Wu’an Marquis.” Zhao Ji accepted the dagger, but not the map. When His Majesty mentioned the Black Ice Platform, something so secret, he hadn’t even asked about it. Clearly, he had long known of that organization’s existence. Forget it. It was only normal for him to be wary of me now. My son being even more capable than I am—that should make me happy. But with unification drawing near, it is also time for Ji’er to begin preparing to take over affairs at court. As Zhao Ji walked, he kept thinking. That really was careless of me. How could I have forgotten to be on guard? But Ying Zheng probably didn’t think too much of it. Lost in thought, the young man accidentally bumped into a beautiful young woman in green. He quickly steadied her and apologized over and over. The girl lifted her face, saw Zhao Ji’s incredibly handsome features, and nearly melted on the spot. “N-no, it’s fine. I was the one who wasn’t careful and bumped into the Wu’an Marquis.” This young woman was Ying Zheng’s daughter, Ying Yinman. Seeing Yinman’s beauty, even Zhao Ji had to praise her inwardly. So cute. Judging from the way she’s dressed, she must be one of the princesses. Zhao Ji struck up a conversation. “You know me?” “Mm. I saw the Wu’an Marquis from afar when you entered court before. This time, I waited here presumptuously because I wanted to ask you to give this to Ji’er.” “Ah, is this a cat? It’s beautiful. Did you make it?” “Mm. Ji’er and Xi’er had great fun playing with me in the palace. Last time they said they wanted to play with Father’s cat, so I made this.” The young man held the cat in his hand and was left speechless. That face looked unbelievably silly. “Many thanks for Your Highness’s trouble. When I return, I’ll definitely give it to Ji’er.” Huh? Why are you running off so fast, tripping over stones just to fall right into my hands? The girl shyly covered her face and fled. “Oh heavens! He’s far too handsome… I’ve disturbed you.” That night, Zhao Ji’s residence was extremely lively. A servant at the estate said, “The Wu’an Marquis has not yet returned home. Everyone, please come back another day.” “No rush, no rush, we can wait here.” “There’s no point waiting. The Wu’an Marquis doesn’t accept gifts.” “Hehe, these aren’t gifts. Inside the carriage is our young lady. We only hope the Wu’an Marquis won’t cast her aside. It’s fine if he keeps her in any room at all.” Seeing this scene, Zhao Ji was utterly baffled. Han Fei, coming up from behind, explained, “The Wu’an Marquis pacified Qin’s heartland and has now rendered the merit of saving the sovereign. These people are naturally nobles here to seek marriage ties. And now that my lord’s glory shines so brightly, how could ordinary gold and jewels possibly catch your eye? So they turned their attention to their daughters instead.” “Well, well, if it isn’t Young Master Han Fei. So you finally decided to show yourself. Why weren’t you at court today?” “His Majesty ordered this subordinate and General Meng Wu out on business. Only after returning did I learn the court had encountered danger. I ask my lord’s forgiveness.” “So that’s how it is. But now that you hold the rank of one of the Nine Ministers, why are you running around with military generals?” Oh no, this is bad. I can’t tell him that General Meng Wu and I went to persuade Meng Ao to support my lord’s future ascension. I absolutely can’t say that now. He instantly switched into smooth-talking mode. “I… General Meng Wu knew that I had previously assisted my lord, so he invited me to the military camp. He wished to consult me on some of my lord’s methods for managing troops.” “I see. And whatever he wanted to know, you just told him?” Han Fei dropped to his knees in terror. “My lord, Han Fei has committed a grave offense. I beg my lord to punish me.” “If you acted in His Majesty’s name, then there is no need for you to apologize to me.” “That was not my intention— It was only that this subordinate misspoke for a moment, and that military man let it slip before General Meng.” “What did you say?” “My lord, please calm your anger. My lord has always had a close relationship with the Meng family. Han Fei assumed that General Meng Wu was also one of my lord’s people, and because I was fond of wine, I forgot myself completely and spoke carelessly.” “Explain it clearly.” “It was like this. At the time, General Meng said to this subordinate, ‘My Meng family has never taken part in a struggle for the throne.’” “Who would have thought my father would actually be persuaded by Young Master Han Fei’s eloquence. With him here, this old man will stand before those old foxes at court and do his utmost to help Young Master Ji return to the position that should be his.’ Most of those words were actually based on things my lord once said when advising Han Fei not to die for the sake of Han. My vision is nowhere near my lord’s level.” “Oh? So Young Master Han Fei devoted himself wholeheartedly to Great Qin because Ji convinced him?” Han Fei did not deny it. “Of course. My lord not only helped me fulfill my great aspiration, he also passed martial cultivation on to me. Such grace is no different from a second life, so naturally I will be loyal to my lord. As for General Meng’s service to my lord, I do not know when it began—but I wonder what level his martial cultivation has reached now.” Meng Wu’s face filled with question marks as he looked at Han Fei. Martial cultivation? What the hell is that? Han Fei excitedly showed off at once. “This is martial cultivation.” With that, he struck out with his palm and shattered the stone in front of him. Meng Wu was so shocked by what he saw that he stood there gaping. “My lord, that is the whole matter. Please punish me.” “Oh, I thought it was something serious. The Meng family is loyal and righteous. Meng Wu surely knows that His Majesty will learn of this anyway. At worst, everyone will just pretend not to know. Forget it, don’t dwell on it. In this world, there was no way to trace martial cultivation anyway. There’s no need to concern ourselves with it for now. Don’t blame yourself too much. Go back first. If I need anything, I’ll call for you again.” “Many thanks, my lord.” With that, the young man leaped onto the rooftop and entered the residence that way. “You all can keep waiting at the gate. I don’t have time to play games with you. Yuan’er is still waiting for me.” But Zhao Ji’s plans were no match for what awaited him on the roof. At once, a group of beautiful women respectfully said, “We welcome the lord home.” “Huh? Why are you all here?” “Hehe, Madam ordered us to wait here. Madam and my lord are of one mind—she knew my lord would certainly not want to deal with the crowd at the front gate. My lord has worked hard. Let us serve you properly.” Hehe… so this is the happiness of a Qin man? In this era, this kind of thing was perfectly normal. If the fat’s already at your lips, only a fool wouldn’t take a bite. Better enjoy it first. “Hey, my dear wife, I’m home.” Hearing his voice, Yuan’er rubbed her eyes and asked, “Who is it?” Zhao Ji hurried over and threw his arms around his wife. “I missed you so much.” “Brother Ji? Could it be those beauties didn’t serve you well enough? Why has Husband come to my place instead?” “Wah… I came home, and you’re pushing me away? I came to you on my own, and you’re not happy?” “Yuan’er doesn’t mean that. They are all princesses of various states whom the King bestowed upon you after your conquests. Yuan’er feels they are all better than me. Besides, having heirs is most important—I cannot selfishly keep you to myself.” Zhao Ji understood perfectly well. In this era, swearing to spend one lifetime with only two people was nothing but an empty joke. “Yuan’er, of course I know they are fine, but no one can be better than my Yuan’er. No matter how attentively they serve me, my heart remains here.” As soon as he said that, the young man gave his wife a passionate kiss. “Yuan’er, give me a few more children.” Just as their feelings were heating up, a childish voice suddenly rang out. “Father, Father, you’re already so grown up, so why are you still sleeping with Mother?” “A baby? Where?” Even though they were clearly husband and wife, the two of them now looked exactly like adulterers caught red-handed. Yuan’er stammered in alarm, “Ah… I forgot Ji’er and Xi’er are still on the bed.” At that moment, Zhao Ji was extremely depressed, but there was nothing he could do. Is it wrong for me to want intimacy with my own wife? Even fighting wars isn’t this hard. Tomorrow I’m sending them into the palace. “Hehe, Ji’er, Xi’er, Father brought toys for you. Happy now?” The next morning, Zhao Ji brought his two children into the palace to play with Yinman. Even Ying Zheng was surprised by this move of Zhao Ji’s. “It’s rare indeed for a brat like you to skip court and come to the palace, and even bring my two precious grandchildren with you.” “Hehe, then I’ll take the two of them away now.” “Try it if you dare. Not only are they not leaving today—you are not allowed to leave either.” As he walked, the young man accidentally met Ying Yinman’s lovestruck gaze. “Ah, Your Majesty, could it be you still want to bestow the princess in marriage to me?” “Hmph. Dream on, boy. As for my daughter, don’t even think about it in this lifetime.” “If you don’t want that, then I’m leaving.” The moment they entered the room, Ying Zheng threw a huge pile of memorials at the young man. “Sit down here and review these memorials for me.” Zhao Ji nearly jumped out of his skin. “Ah—this isn’t in accordance with ritual or law!” “No more nonsense. I am the ritual and the law.” The young man nearly cried a river. As expected of the King—he really knows how to order people around. Looking at his son, Ying Zheng thought to himself, Unification is almost here. If I don’t let him get used to this now, when will I? Once he goes to attack Yan in the future, who knows when he’ll be back. Outside, Huhai and his teacher had seen everything. He called out to his teacher, “Even princes like us have no right to read memorials, yet Royal Father is letting Zhao Ji review them directly. That’s far too much authority.” His teacher reminded him, “Zhao Ji being highly favored by His Majesty is not a matter of one day or two. Why is Young Master in such a hurry? Young Master must not criticize the special grace granted by His Majesty—especially since Zhao Ji is exactly the person Young Master wishes to win over, is he not?” He immediately understood and beamed. “I see. As expected, Teacher is wise. That chance to risk death by offering remonstrance should be left to Fusu and Chunyu Yue. I, on the other hand, can mediate from the middle. Even if they later manage to drag Zhao Ji down, he will still lose the sacred favor.” Ying Zheng asked, “Zhao Ji, how is it?” Zhao Ji answered seriously, “The most urgent matter now is to issue tax laws, determine and distribute grain, and provide disaster relief after the flooding in Daliang.” Ying Zheng praised him. “Exactly right.” “Continue. Led by Li Si, most of the court officials support imposing heavy taxes on the Three Jin. But this subject believes that such a method is extremely foolish. Since the Three Jin have already become part of Great Qin, they should be treated equally and governed under Qin’s tax laws instead.” Hearing Zhao Ji’s analysis, Ying Zheng felt thoroughly pleased. Unifying the realm is not merely a matter of territory, but also of laws, script, and weights and measures. Ji’er, you and I truly are of one mind. Aside from you, no one can inherit my empire. “Very well. I approve it. The matter of taxation in the Three Jin shall be entrusted to you.” Zhao Ji immediately cupped his hands and replied, “This subject thanks Your Majesty on behalf of the people of the Three Jin.” Suddenly, a subordinate rushed in in a panic. “Your Majesty, something has happened at the granary! It is said that there are refugees from the Three Jin everywhere, and Young Master Fusu has privately ordered the granaries opened to…” ...disaster relief.” At this moment, over by Fusu's side, he was standing atop a grain cart, constantly urging his subordinates, “Hurry up. If we're one day late, the people of the Three Jin will go hungry for one more day. No slacking.” “Understood.” After traveling for a while, Ying Zheng and Zhao Ji also arrived where Fusu was. The moment Ying Zheng saw his troublesome son, he furiously shouted, “Insolent boy, who allowed you to make decisions on your own?” Fusu quickly dropped to his knees and admitted his fault. “Royal Father, all the grain and military provisions your son has mobilized will be borne by your son alone. The people of the Three Jin are suffering, and I truly can no longer bear to watch it. I only wanted to do my small part.” Zhao Ji immediately exposed the flaw in that reasoning. “A small part indeed. Qin's main grain-producing regions are Guanzhong and Shu. Even if you moved all of Xianyang there, how many people could you really save? Much less relying only on the resources of your own residence, Young Master.” “Zhao Ji, you—if Wu'an had not diverted the waters of the Yellow River back then, how would the Three Jin have suffered such a calamity? Things have already come to this. If you don't want to help, then fine, but why do you want to stop me?” Zhao Ji sneered. “If I hadn't diverted the Yellow River, how could the Three Jin have become Qin territory? Besides, relief is not done the way you are doing it. The nobles and officials along the route will skim off the fine grain. In the end, it won't reach the disaster victims at all. If Young Master Fusu insists on transporting grain for relief, then the grain should first be dealt with a little...” “...Exactly. And if you want to fundamentally solve the famine in the Three Jin...” In the end, it would still have to rely on Shu. Ying Zheng asked curiously, “Wu'an Marquis, how exactly do you intend to deal with this grain?” Zhao Ji immediately ordered his men, “Bring the same amount of sand and dirt. Mix it into the grain, then send it to the disaster area.” “At once.” When Fusu saw this, he was enraged. “Zhao Ji, what do you mean by this? You're ruining the grain like this—what about the disaster victims?” Zhao Ji countered at once, “Does Young Master think this grain is no longer edible?” Without even thinking, Fusu answered firmly, “Of course. Once it's mixed with sand and dirt, how can anyone eat it?” “This grain may be inedible to you, Young Master, and also to the nobles along the way, because you've never truly known hunger. But to the disaster victims, it is still precious. ” Hearing that, even Ying Zheng laughed in praise. “Hahaha, good! Faced with life and death, who would care about a little dust and sand? If it's done this way, those nobles along the route won't be able to embezzle it anymore.” “Your Majesty, for the sake of the people of the Three Jin, relief supplies must be dispatched as quickly as possible. Please prepare grain for the next round of relief.” “Very well. This method has My approval. Fusu, to govern the realm, a kind heart alone is not enough—you also need a brain.” “Royal Father's lesson is correct. Your son has learned from it.” As soon as he learned of this matter, Chunyu Yue flew into a rage. “Zhao Ji is truly too bold!” Fusu, however, did not think so. “Though Zhao Ji was rude, his method truly can reduce the suffering of the Three Jin. Besides, it was also Royal Father's command. I had wanted to show something of myself before Royal Father, but things only turned worse. Could it be that I truly am inferior to Zhao Ji?” “If he can wholeheartedly think for Great Qin, then we need not make things difficult for him anymore.” Chunyu Yue immediately scolded him, “Absurd! How can a lawless man like him be tolerated in court? I just received word that Zhao Ji actually helped review memorials for the King. That is a grave offense. Tomorrow, I intend to use this matter to drive him out of Xianyang, so he never dares do such a thing again. ” “Your Majesty, today's memorials have been delivered. Shall they be sent to the Wu'an Marquis now?” “No hurry. I'll look through them first.” The moment he opened the memorials and read them, Ying Zheng was instantly furious. “Bastards! A pack of bastards!” Startled, Zhao Gao asked, “Your Majesty, what is it?” The more Ying Zheng read, the angrier he became. “A bunch of shameless dogs!” He could no longer restrain himself and hurled all the memorials to the floor. That action frightened Zhao Gao so badly he nearly wet himself on the spot. At that moment, the young Zhao Ji also walked in and asked, “Your Majesty, what happened?” “Nothing.” Then Ying Zheng suddenly said, “By the way, haven't you always been complaining that I keep you in the palace just to run errands? Today I'll grant you a day off. Go back and spend time with Yuan'er and the children.” “That would be wonderful. This subject thanks Your Majesty.” While bowing, the young man accidentally glimpsed the memorial impeaching him. “No wonder he wouldn't let me see it. Then this subject will take his leave.” Sensing the killing intent continuously radiating from Ying Zheng, Zhao Ji could not help but grow wary. “He can't even suppress the murderous aura around him anymore. Does he want to kill me? I need to be careful. ” At this moment, Ying Zheng's desire to kill surged without cease. “The Censorate dares lay a hand on my Ji'er? Then don't blame me for showing no mercy to any of you.” “Does Your Majesty have any business for court today? This subject heard that Your Majesty had the Wu'an Marquis reviewing memorials in Zhangtai Palace. May I ask whether this is true?” Ying Zheng clearly had no interest in wasting words and directly confirmed it. “It is true.” “In that case, today this subject wishes to impeach the Wu'an Marquis. Your Majesty, in Great Qin, those who rule must follow the rites and laws handed down by our ancestors. Since ancient times, only the King and the Crown Prince established by the realm have had the right to review memorials. Your Majesty's action violates ritual law and should be reflected upon. As for the Wu'an Marquis, he has disregarded the rules and must be severely punished.” “I pity the rare talent of the Wu'an Marquis, which is why I entrusted him with an important duty. He merely obeyed My command—what crime does he have?” Still, the man persisted in his accusations. “The Wu'an Marquis, being a subject, allowed Your Majesty to commit such an error. He should die to show his loyalty. Hiding behind the King's command while defying the order of the realm is a great crime. This is disloyalty, and he deserves to be torn apart by five horses.” “This subject, as a censor, has the duty to admonish Your Majesty. If Your Majesty remains obstinate and refuses to awaken, then this subject is willing to spill his blood in court to pray for Your Majesty's safety.” The old officials below immediately chimed in, “We agree!” Han Fei, hot-blooded, snapped, “Absurd! What ritual law teaches ministers to defy the sovereign's will? What right do you have to demand that the Wu'an Marquis die?” Meng Wu also joined in, “Exactly. Does being a censor mean you can just talk nonsense?” “Setting aside the Wu'an Marquis's great merits in the past, his helping Your Majesty review memorials not only stabilized taxation in the Three Jin, but also solved the issue of famine relief. Why don't you mention that?” The man still argued stubbornly, “That only makes it easier to explain—because the Wu'an Marquis has grown arrogant by relying on his merits. That is a serious crime.” By now, Ying Zheng was thoroughly disgusted by these fake censors. “A bunch of fools, barking senselessly, and even trying to use their status as censors to coerce Me.” “Twenty years ago, they forced Ah Fang to leave, causing her to die in a foreign land. And now they want to kill my Ji'er too. But I am no longer that three-year-old child I once was. ” Li Si, however, secretly rejoiced and muttered inwardly, “Go on, make a bigger scene. The more they stir things up, the more certain Zhao Ji is to die. I'll add a little more oil to the fire.” Seeing that Li Si had remained silent the whole time, one of them prodded him, “Minister of Justice, why aren't you saying anything?” Hearing that, Li Si finally spoke. “Your Majesty, this subject has something to say.” “Hmph, Minister of Justice, do you also wish to accuse the Wu'an Marquis?” “No, no, no. This subject believes the Wu'an Marquis is guilty, but his crime does not warrant death. Right now, the urgent matter for Great Qin is to attack Yan. We cannot kill the Wu'an Marquis.” While the old men below argued until the veins bulged on their foreheads, the young man sat there at ease, leisurely nibbling on an apple, muttering to himself, “This Li Si may be vicious and sly, but his loyalty to Great Qin is genuine. If Ying Zheng were to entrust Fusu to him for instruction, it wouldn't be so bad. If he keeps letting that rigid old Chunyu Yue teach him, all Fusu will get is a scolding. So Ying Zheng kept me from attending court because he didn't want me dragged into this mess. That's actually thoughtful of him. I just wonder how this will all end.” When Ying Zheng heard Li Si say this, his mood improved somewhat. “That's right. Minister of Justice Li makes a great deal of sense. We're about to attack Yan, and yet the court wants to accuse one of Great Qin's pillars—how ridiculous.” But the censors' faction still refused to let the matter go. “Hmph. Without Zhao Ji, is Great Qin truly incapable of unifying the realm? Minister of Justice, aren't you praising him too highly? The pacification of the Three Jin depended on the elite soldiers of Great Qin and our ample provisions, not on the merit of one man alone.” The hatred in Ying Zheng's heart had only just subsided when his killing intent flared up fiercely again. “The Censorate truly is formidable. In just a few words, they've erased all the Wu'an Marquis's achievements, and they speak as if the great unification enterprise that Qin has pursued for centuries were something so trivial. ” At this moment, Zhao Ji also sensed that something was wrong. “Not good. Ying Zheng wants to kill the censors. Since ancient times, the killing of remonstrating officials has never been a small matter. He's already made up his mind—these pests cannot be allowed to remain. Even if he has to bear the infamy of being a tyrant who kills ministers for speaking frankly, he'll still cleanse this court for Ji'er.” Ying Zheng slammed the table, stood up, and ordered, “Men, seize them—” At that very moment, Zhao Ji appeared and cut him off. “Your Majesty, this subject arrived late to court. I ask Your Majesty to punish me.” Ying Zheng was greatly startled to see Zhao Ji appear here. “Ji'er? Why did he come?” “Just now, outside the hall, this subject heard the lofty discussion of several Censor Lords, and I found their words quite reasonable.” The censor immediately gave a cold snort. “Good that you know your guilt.” Zhao Ji shot back sharply, “Censor Lord, this lord acted with single-minded obedience to the King's command. What crime is that? I merely greatly admire your statement that pacifying the Three Jin was not the work of one man alone. From beginning to end, this lord has had only one heart—loyal to the ruler and devoted to the state. Later, by good fortune, I came to be valued by Your Majesty and thus reached my current position. Had it been someone else, it would have been the same.” “Censor Lord, your willingness to risk death to remonstrate shows a loyalty to ruler and country even greater than mine. Why not put aside the brush and join the army? Then the day Great Qin unifies the realm would surely be just around the corner. Your Majesty, this subject boldly requests that this Censor Lord, together with the gentlemen standing behind him, be dispatched to the Handan main camp to enlist and devote themselves to Great Qin, killing enemies for Qin upon the battlefield. Their words just now were entirely correct. In the military camp, their talents can be put to even better use and they can contribute with all their might. I beg Your Majesty to approve it.” Damn, this young man was ruthless—these old men were going to suffer badly now. Ying Zheng listened with immense satisfaction. “Haha, using words to kill—yet leaving the court speechless. Well done, boy. Expanding Great Qin's territory is the highest loyalty. Censor Lord, are you unwilling? Or do you mean to say that you believe yourself inferior to the Wu'an Marquis, and so your words just now were only meant to kill him, regardless of Great Qin's safety?” The two old men, Meng Wu and Han Fei, spoke in perfect unison. “The Wu'an Marquis's words make excellent sense. We agree.” Seeing this, the rest of the officials also followed suit. “We agree.” “Good. Men, take these censors away and send them into the army camp!” Truly, their own mouths had ruined them. In no time, the censors were seized by several tall, sturdy soldiers and dragged out by the arms. Terrified, they pleaded as they were hauled away, “Your Majesty! Your Majesty, spare us! Director, save me! If I'm sent into the Handan main camp, I'll be better off dead! Director!” “You offended the Son of Heaven's might—how could I possibly save you? Don't talk nonsense.” Ying Zheng waved his hand decisively. “Court dismissed.” Just as Zhao Ji was about to leave, Zhao Gao came forward with a message. “Wu'an Marquis, in a little while, please come to the inner palace to attend upon Your Majesty.” The young man jumped in alarm. “Ah? I still can't leave?” Zhao Gao sighed, “Wu'an Marquis, what happened in court just now was truly dangerous. This old servant broke into a cold sweat on your behalf.” “You flatter me, Lord Zhao. His Majesty is fair by nature. He naturally would not let those treacherous ministers get what they wanted.” “The Wu'an Marquis is quite right. But do you know that all of this happened because you offended Young Master Fusu? That is why they have pointed their spears at you. If one day Young Master Fusu ascends the throne, I'm afraid what happened today will happen again. But if it were Young Master Huhai instead, that would be...” Hearing this, Zhao Ji's expression turned unpleasant. “Lord Zhao, you speak too much. In the future, whoever inherits the throne will be for His Majesty to decide. This lord need only remain loyal to His Majesty and loyal to Great Qin.” Inside the room, after hearing Zhao Gao's words, Ying Zheng's expression became extremely ugly. “Go deal with it at once.” “Your subordinate obeys.” At this moment, Zhao Ji also stepped inside and bowed. “Your Majesty.” The instant he saw the man standing there, Zhao Ji stiffened in alarm. “That outfit... someone from the Black Ice Terrace? Did I just see something I shouldn't have seen?” Seeing Zhao Ji, Ying Zheng warmly introduced the man, “He is Tie Ying of the Black Ice Terrace. No need to mind him. Come here, boy.” Zhao Ji felt inwardly shaken. “The Black Ice Terrace are shadow guards. Yet he's introducing one to me so calmly. Does Ying Zheng trust me that much?” The young man immediately probed, “Your Majesty, if you've summoned the Black Ice Terrace, then it must be for some important mission. May this subject share the burden with Your Majesty?” Ying Zheng replied, “Tie Ying has just brought news from Yan. Take a look—this is Yan's current military situation. Their defenses are strict, and their movements are quick, though unfortunately their troops are scattered.” “Even so, it is merely the final struggle of a dying man.” “Exactly. Yan's assassination attempt has failed. Now Great Qin firmly holds the justification for raising troops. Wu'an Marquis, are you willing for Me to entrust you with the task of destroying Yan?” “This subject accepts the command. Then I shall not trouble Your Majesty further. This subject must prepare to depart at once, return to Handan, gather the troops, and march on Yan.” “Where are you hurrying off to, brat? Did I say you could leave? Right now, handle some state affairs. I want to see whether you've improved.” “Now write out a brief outline on the essentials of governing a state.” Zhao Ji was instantly dizzy with dismay, his face full of helplessness. “If I can't finish writing, I can't leave? Damn it, must I really write it?” As he sipped his tea, Ying Zheng pondered Zhao Ji's earlier words. “This lord need only be loyal to His Majesty, loyal to Great Qin.” Suddenly, he slammed the teacup down and loudly asked, “Wu'an Marquis—between loyalty to Great Qin and loyalty to the King, which would you choose?” Zhao Ji calmly replied, “Your Majesty is Great Qin.” “Then what if one day I am no longer the King?” Faced with that thorny question, Zhao Ji fell into thought. “If Great Qin's master is not Ying Zheng, then Great Qin would no longer be Great Qin.” “Before those wastrels can bring down Great Qin and the realm, I'd naturally seize it for myself. It's not as if those young masters can't be killed. But how could I possibly say that to Ying Zheng?” At this moment, Ying Zheng observed him intently, secretly judging that Zhao Ji truly was the child most like himself. Suddenly, Tie Ying appeared and reported, “Your Majesty, the Black Ice Terrace agents placed in Yan have investigated it clearly. Also, as for the uproar in court this time and the matter of the Wu'an Marquis helping review memorials—it was Young Master Huhai who deliberately leaked it to Young Master Fusu and Chunyu Yue. As for his motive, it is nothing more than fighting for position. Presumably Young Master Ji already understands the key point.” “Nothing but disappointments, the lot of them. Rather than letting them dirty Ji'er's hands in the future, I may as well eliminate the hidden dangers for him myself.” As soon as he finished speaking, a string of angry shouts sounded continuously from outside. Zhao Ji asked in confusion, “What's that noise? Why is it so loud?” Ying Zheng replied, “No need to mind it. Do your work.” Outside, Fusu was shouting furiously without stop. “How dare you! What are you trying to do? I am a prince of Great Qin—how dare you be so rude?” “Young Master Fusu, I am escorting you out of Zhangtai Palace by order of His Majesty. Please cooperate.” He asked in panic, “Teacher, does Royal Father want to drive me out of the palace? Does this mean he no longer wants me? Just because I accused Zhao Ji, will I now have no chance at the throne in the future?” “Young Master, this old minister also did not expect this. Why would His Majesty be so heartless over a mere outside subject?” “Young Master, Young Master!” “Lord Chunyu, Young Master Fusu has already left the palace. You should depart quickly as well.” Chunyu Yue felt as if his heart had died. “His Majesty is striking even his own kin in anger? Just for Zhao Ji's sake? Could it be that Zhao Ji is truly more like his son than his own sons are?” “No... could that actually be true? But I have been in the palace for decades and have never heard that His Majesty had a son with another woman.” Then, as if realizing something, he quickly asked, “This time, aside from Young Master Fusu being forced to leave the palace, are there others as well?” The commander answered, “Not just Young Master Fusu. Young Master Huhai and Young Master Jianglu must leave as well.” Only at this moment did Chunyu Yue sense that something was deeply wrong. “Is this a clearing away of obstacles around the future throne? No, this must be investigated thoroughly.” Meng Wu shouted loudly, “By order of His Majesty, from this day forth the young masters are not to remain in Zhangtai Palace. Without command, none may enter.” The princes were all stunned, unable to understand what was happening. “Why? I haven't committed any crime!” “This subject only follows orders. Young Master, forgive the offense. Shut the palace gates.” With that, Meng Wu ordered the gates closed, then turned and left. “Royal Father, how can you be so heartless? Your son has been wronged! Royal Father, see your son one more time! Your son wants to explain!” Meng Wu still could not quite believe this himself, so he asked Tie Ying again, “Is this truly His Majesty's intention?” Tie Ying immediately asked in return, “General Meng, do you think I would dare relay a false royal command?” Meng Wu awkwardly scratched his head and laughed. “True enough. What happened in court touched His Majesty's reverse scale. They should never have aimed at Young Master Ji—or tried to use Young Master Ji as a piece in their game...” Competing for power. Earlier, under Fan Wuji’s instigation, Young Master Chengjiao had a conflict with the King. His Majesty had no choice but to kill. His Majesty did not want Young Master Ji’s hands to be stained with the blood of close kin. Meng Wu sighed at Young Master Ji’s methods. Wasn’t the King protecting the other young masters as well? He only hoped the young masters could understand His Majesty’s painstaking intentions. Meanwhile, on Zhao Ji’s side, the young man was extremely resentful. You said once I finished writing the outline, you’d let me go home—so where exactly are you taking me now? Cut the chatter. You’ll know when we get there. Our King has arrived. Zhao Ji immediately stuck his head out to look. Huh? The Lü residence? Go knock. Zhao Ji was full of doubt. Looking across all of Great Qin, who else with the surname Lü could be related to Ying Zheng? But hadn’t that person died already? Ying Zheng glanced at him. I know what you’re thinking. That’s right—I’ve brought you to meet exactly the person you’re thinking of. Zhao Ji froze in shock. Hahaha, Your Majesty, long time no see. Ying Zheng smiled in reply. Royal Father, were you surprised? Zhao Ji thought to himself, Ying Zheng called him Royal Father? So it really is him. The old man was none other than Lü Buwei, the former Chancellor of Qin. He asked in surprise, Oh? This time, Your Majesty even brought someone else with you. This is Qin’s Wu'an Marquis, Zhao Ji. Zhao Ji immediately saluted. Zhao Ji greets the old lord. The old man burst out laughing. Hahaha, I’ve heard your great name for a long time. As expected, a hero emerges while still young. Come in, come in. I’ll have someone prepare some wine and meat. Once they were seated at the table, Ying Zheng reminded him, Royal Father, your health is poor. You shouldn’t drink alcohol. Today is a happy day, so there’s no need for taboos. Zhao Ji observed closely. No wonder people spread rumors that Ying Zheng was Lü Buwei’s son. It was clear the bond between them ran incredibly deep. Lü Buwei’s faked death was likely so Ying Zheng could firmly secure the throne. After all, as long as he was still around, Ying Zheng would never truly be the real King. But why had Ying Zheng brought him here? Royal Father, this time I came for two reasons. First, I was worried about your health. Second, I want Zhao Ji to stay here for a few days so you can instruct him. While drinking, the young man nearly spat out his wine. Instruct... instruct me? I— What is there for me to be instructed in? Ying Zheng continued. Though this boy spends all year in the army, he is also highly capable in civil affairs. I do not want to waste his talent. After careful consideration, in all of Great Qin, only Royal Father is someone I can entrust him to. This is the outline on governing the state that he wrote. It is quite profound. Many of his views, though unspoken, are rather similar to the ideas in Royal Father’s Lüshi Chunqiu. After looking through it, the old man nodded in praise. Mm, the Wu'an Marquis truly is a talent. Hahaha, it is rare indeed for an old bag of bones like me to still enjoy Your Majesty’s trust. This old man will obey. I only wonder whether the Wu'an Marquis is willing to study under me. Zhao Ji respectfully saluted. If the old lord does not disdain me, then this is Zhao Ji’s good fortune. Boy, I still have something to say to Royal Father. If you’re tired, go outside and rest first. Thank you for Your Majesty’s concern. Then I shall take my leave first. After stepping outside, Zhao Ji was completely baffled. He simply could not understand it. Lü Buwei wasn’t dead, and now he had even become his teacher in statecraft. What exactly was Ying Zheng planning? Even if he wanted someone taught, shouldn’t it be Fusu or Huhai instead? Forget it. Being able to gain Lü Buwei’s talent was a huge bargain for him no matter what. With only the two of them left in the room, Lü Buwei asked, Zheng'er, are you hiding something from me? What do you mean by that, Royal Father? Hahaha, still pretending to be foolish with me? The first moment I saw that Wu'an Marquis, I understood everything. He is your son with that young lady A'Fang, isn’t he? The moment I saw the Wu'an Marquis, I thought of A'Fang. That child... the two of them look far too much alike. Back then, there were too many obstacles. Even though I faked my death and gave up power, I still could not protect her and keep that young lady by your side. Cough, cough, cough. When I go down to the Yellow Springs and see her again, I wonder whether she will forgive me. Ying Zheng hurriedly comforted him. What happened back then cannot be blamed on you. Dong'er was kindhearted; she would not want to see you this grieved. You must take care of your health. All these years, you have remained dispirited, and your body has only grown weaker. Hahaha, I’m old now, but rest assured—I will certainly live to see you unify the six states. Ying Zheng immediately took a bottle of pills from his robe. Royal Father, aside from bringing Zhao Ji to see you, I have one more matter. There is an immortal pill here. Please take it quickly. The old man was stunned. An immortal pill? Zheng'er, the words of fangshi cannot be trusted. Everyone has their fate; immortality is an empty fantasy. Don’t be so stubborn anymore. Those fangshi in the palace were killed by me long ago. Royal Father, this truly is an immortal pill. Qi'er gave it to me. He still felt uneasy. The Wu'an Marquis gave it to you? But Royal Father, please drink it without worry. Lü Buwei hesitated no longer and put the immortal pill into his mouth. Immediately, his body changed. His complexion became rosier, and vitality surged through him. That night, in his own room, Zhao Ji was diligently cultivating. Ding. Congratulations, Benefactor, on breaking through to the seventh level of the Xiantian Realm. Three more levels and you will reach the Grandmaster Realm. But it’s still too slow. There haven’t been any battles lately. Luckily, I have spirit stones, so cultivation hasn’t been delayed. But in the end, this still isn’t a long-term solution. Once I return to Xianyang, I need to quickly discuss the matter of destroying Yan with Ying Zheng. The level of this world is far too low. One day, I should try going beyond it and killing a god or something. By then, I’ll probably be able to kill enemies and become a god myself, right? As soon as he stepped to the doorway, Zhao Ji saw Lü Buwei. Wu'an Marquis, did you rest well? Oh my, the old lord is up early. I rested very well. After taking the medicine, the old man’s health had improved greatly. Beaming, he stroked his beard and continued, I ceased being Chancellor long ago. Wu'an Marquis, there is no need to address me that way. Zhao Ji guessed at a glance that after only one night, Lü Buwei had become so healthy and refreshed because Ying Zheng had once again taken out an immortal pill. Since yesterday, didn’t Wu'an Marquis already make it clear that I would be teaching you state affairs? Then you should call me Teacher. The Wu'an Marquis has extraordinary aptitude, but this outline on governing the state is what deserves the most attention. We must study it carefully. Aside from that, there are some classic works you should also polish with great care. Tsk, tsk. Time is limited. It seems these next few days there will be no rest at all. What kind of devilish transformation is this? Come on—why does this feel like I just entered a senior-year cram class before the final exams? I’m the Wu'an Marquis! Aggrieved, the young man raised his hand in protest. Teacher, actually, I’m a military officer. Things like governing the state should depend on His Majesty and the princes. The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. Since the Wu'an Marquis is gifted, that talent cannot be wasted. Back then, all my knowledge was personally taught by Royal Father. Qi'er, this is the most suitable teacher I could find for you, and also the most outstanding one. Ying Zheng then recalled those hellish days—if he hadn’t memorized the lesson, he wasn’t allowed to go play with A'Fang. It truly had been a terrifying time. Hold on, Qi'er. A few days later, Royal Father, no need to see us off. I will come visit you again in a few days. At this moment, Zhao Ji looked like a walking corpse, utterly miserable. Finally, I get to leave. You go out to war and come back without looking tired at all. So how did studying for a few days turn you into this? The young man sighed weakly. Your Majesty jests. Studying under Lord Lü is far more exhausting than going to war. At last, I understand why you didn’t bring the young masters. Their bones really couldn’t withstand Teacher’s battering. But these past few days, I’ve benefited tremendously. Many things in scholarship and state affairs that I couldn’t understand before were explained by Teacher with complete clarity. Nowadays, most people only study a single school, but Teacher gathers the strengths of hundreds. No wonder he was able to write the Lüshi Chunqiu. Ying Zheng looked at Zhao Ji and said, The reason I did not let those disappointing sons of mine take Royal Father as their teacher is, first, none of them have the talent. Second, Royal Father faked his death, and I do not dare let outsiders know, for fear it would bring him another disaster. The more Zhao Ji heard, the more confused he became. To protect Lü Buwei, Ying Zheng had even hidden the truth from his own sons. But I’m an outsider, aren’t I? Or had Ying Zheng already trusted him without reservation? If he treats his ministers like this, how could I ever be disloyal? As he spoke, the young man took a bottle of pills from inside his robe and handed it to Ying Zheng. Ying Zheng looked at the bottle in confusion. This is? Zhao Ji said at once, This is a Great Rejuvenation Pill. Your Majesty, take it as my plea—please stop casually bestowing these on other people. Otherwise, what will you do when you need one yourself? To Zhao Ji, Ying Zheng was good in every way except that he was far too extravagant. Ah damn, you knew? How could I not know? Your Majesty and Teacher share deep feelings, but for the sake of all under heaven, you should cherish yourself more. Besides, Teacher’s illness could have been cured with a Lesser Rejuvenation Pill already. Fine, fine, fine, I know. To unify the six states and open a grand eternal age—you are the Eternal First Emperor. Under heaven, it could do without Zhao Ji, without Lü Buwei, without any other living being. But it cannot do without you. The Eternal First Emperor? Hahaha, well said. If I truly can unify the six states and make the lands of Yan and Huang one, then that would be an unprecedented achievement that even the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors never accomplished. At that time, I will be Emperor—the Eternal First Emperor. Hahaha, the Eternal First Emperor! By then, Ying Zheng and Zhao Ji had returned to the royal palace. As they walked, the shouts of soldiers rang out. Behave yourselves! Move it! The yelling made Zhao Ji start, and he glanced over. Your Majesty, after only a few days away from the palace, what is this? Ying Zheng merely said calmly that he was purging the inner palace. There are too many eyes and ears around me. Normally I don’t bother cleaning them out because those bastards are useless. But now they’ve gone too far—why should I keep them any longer? At this moment, Zhao Gao was also being escorted away in shackles. He kept wailing and begging for mercy. Your Majesty, Your Majesty, spare me! This old servant has attended Your Majesty for more than twenty years. I still don’t know what I did wrong. Why do you want to drive this old servant away? Hmph, and you still dare say you don’t know? Are you claiming that colluding with Huhai and spreading information within the inner palace was not a crime? It was also you who leaked the matter of the Wu'an Marquis reviewing memorials. He was struck dumb. It was too accurate—how could he even argue? This... Your Majesty, this old servant, this old servant... For the sake of your many years of service, I will not take your life. Get out of the palace. This old servant thanks Your Majesty. Zhao Ji secretly rejoiced. With that petty villain Zhao Gao gone from Ying Zheng’s side, I can finally breathe easier too. I was still wondering how to get rid of him, but Ying Zheng handled it himself. Just then, Yin Man came forward to pay her respects to Ying Zheng. Royal Father, you have returned safely. Seeing her, Zhao Ji was also surprised. Ying Zheng asked at once, Were you deliberately waiting here for me? No, Father. Qi'er and Xi'er heard that Royal Father had returned to the palace, so they insisted on seeing you. So I brought the two of them here. Then she immediately cast an affectionate glance toward the Wu'an Marquis. Zhao Ji promptly greeted her. Aiyo, greetings, Princess. May I ask where my two little brats are? I may as well take them back to the residence while I’m at it. Suddenly addressed by him, the girl was startled and blushed. So she brought the two children over here. Then she immediately cast an affectionate glance at the Wu'an Marquis. Zhao Ji promptly greeted her: "Aiyo, greetings, Princess. May I ask where my two little brats are? I might as well take them back to the residence while I'm at it." Suddenly addressed by him, the young lady was startled and blushed. Qi'er, Xi'er, hearing this, happily ran over. Grandpa, we’re here! We walked too slowly and couldn’t keep up with Aunt Man. Aunt Man must have missed Grandpa a lot. Ying Zheng revealed a gentle smile. Is that so? Royal Father has been away from the palace for so long—I have missed you day and night. Zhao Ji then spoke to take his leave. Your Majesty, this subject withdraws first. Tomorrow I will depart at once for Handan and prepare the plan to attack Yan. Very well, go. I await your victorious return. Qi'er, Xi'er, let’s go back and see Mother. Yes! Yin Man silently watched him leave, her heart full of tangled emotions, wanting to reach out and hold him back. She wanted to stay by his side, but a wish was only a wish. Reality was simply too cruel. Ying Zheng looked at his daughter’s lovestruck appearance and was left speechless. Luckily, Qi'er has no such thoughts. I need to make him acknowledge his ancestors as soon as possible. Otherwise everything will become a complete mess. After returning to his residence, Zhao Ji immediately summoned Dun Ruo and instructed him, It will still take over a month before the army leaves Handan. Send the shadow guards out at once. Have them pose as Handan soldiers and deliver my letter to Li Mu in the northlands. Yan itself has no real strength. The only one in that state who can be considered fierce is Qing Qin. I truly do not want to waste time on Yan. This campaign must be swift and decisive. This subordinate will certainly not fail Your Lordship’s trust. Within three days, the letter will be delivered into General Li Mu’s hands. Half a month later, at Ji City of Yan, the King of Yan was now utterly enraged. Unfilial son! Do you have anything else to say for yourself? The foundation of Great Yan is about to be destroyed in your hands. Because of your despicable and foolish attempt to assassinate the King of Qin, neither Qi nor Chu is willing to send troops to aid our Yan. The moment Qin raises an army, Yan will surely be destroyed. Yan Dan still stubbornly defended himself. Qi and Chu refuse to send troops because they are cowardly, useless, and afraid of tyrannical Qin. What does that have to do with my assassination attempt? The King of Yan grew even angrier. Unfilial son! Even now you still do not know your fault. I am not wrong. Qi and Chu fear tyrannical Qin, but I do not. I have long since stationed three hundred thousand troops at the key points near the capital. Besides, the map given to Ying Zheng was fake as well. As soon as tyrannical Qin invades our Great Yan, I will make sure the Qin army comes but never returns. Royal Father, you are old. You do everything in fear. How could you possibly rule all under heaven like that? The King of Yan blazed with fury. Unfilial son, you—! His rage made him lose all composure. He suddenly collapsed to the ground and fainted. Royal Father! Royal Father, wake up! Men, quickly summon the imperial physician! Father’s old illness has flared up again. At once, the King of Yan was carried away by four attendants. Not only was Yan Dan not saddened, he even laughed loudly in delight. Hahaha, it’s good that Royal Father is unconscious. It’s good that he’s ill. Even Heaven is helping me. This time, all authority in Yan will fall into my hands. Ying Zheng, let’s see how you defeat me. Just then, Qing Qin rushed in anxiously with urgent news. Your Majesty, Qin has moved its troops. Hearing this, Yan Dan immediately said that since Royal Father had fallen ill, from now on, this Crown Prince will act as regent. If there is military business, report directly to me. Qing Qin knew this was somewhat against protocol. Forget it—military matters are urgent. Reporting to Your Highness the Crown Prince: Qin has moved its troops. Yan Dan burst into laughter. Hahaha, I knew it would be like this. But Zhao Ji is leading the troops, right? How far has he marched? Y-your Highness, this time the Qin commander is Li Mu. They are still near the border. He looked stunned. What? Qing Qin continued, Seeing as before, Your Highness moved all military strength close to the capital, the border defenses have now become weak. Li Mu has already seized several cities. He smiled smugly. Hahaha, Zhao Ji, Zhao Ji—you’re only so-so after all. I saw through your plan long ago. Qing Qin asked in confusion, What does Your Highness mean? Qin Qing, you are battle-hardened and yet you still cannot see through such a plan? Li Mu is only meant to deceive us and disperse Great Yan’s forces. If we send troops to confront him, Zhao Ji will definitely strike Ji City directly. Pass down the order at once: the three hundred thousand troops are not to act rashly. They are to hold Ji City fast. Qing Qin was still hesitant. But, Your Highness— No more words. Everyone will follow my arrangements. Meanwhile, on Li Mu’s side, he was ordering his soldiers to break through the city gates. Brothers, charge! The city gate is about to break! The Yan soldiers shouted in panic. Hold it! Hold it! Call every able-bodied man in the city to guard the gate! Where are the reinforcements? Why hasn’t the King sent reinforcements yet? Aha, I’ve never fought such an easy siege before. Such a huge city, yet not even a thousand men are guarding it. Isn’t this no different from an empty city? Although we keep taking Yan territory now, the disturbances from the northern tribes still continue without end. I wonder how the Wu'an Marquis will prepare for that when the time comes. The subordinate seated behind him said, General Li Mu, rest assured. When I went to deliver the letter, the Wu'an Marquis repeatedly guaranteed that at most one month would be enough to flatten all of Yan. Heh heh, then I’m at ease. Before the Wu'an Marquis makes his move, I’ll take a few more cities. All troops, heed my command. Yes, sir! At this moment, the goshawk also flew over and landed on the subordinate’s hand. He smiled. Go, go deliver the information to My Lord. Okay, boss, I’m going right away. Reporting to My Lord, General Li Mu has already taken fifteen cities along the border region, and the Yan army has sent no reinforcements. Holding the intelligence in his hand, Zhao Ji laughed loudly without stopping. Hahaha, the timing is perfect. Soldiers of Great Qin, advance and destroy Yan! Destroy Yan! Destroy Yan! Destroy Yan! Half a month later, at Ji City of Yan, Qin’s great army had tightly surrounded the city. At this moment, the Qin army’s fighting spirit was blazing. Destroy Yan! Destroy Yan! Inside Yan’s main hall, a subordinate rushed in to report in panic. Your Highness the Crown Prince, Zhao Ji, the Wu'an Marquis of Qin, has brought three hundred thousand troops to surround the city gates. Yan Dan shouted in alarm, What? That insignificant Zhao Ji is not even worth mentioning. Our three hundred thousand troops of Ji City are still here. Qing Qin could no longer hold back and said that even if they managed to defend Ji City, Li Mu had already seized most of Yan's territory. Moreover, the one leading the army was the killing god Zhao Ji. "Damn it, Qing Qin, are you praising the enemy nation while belittling our own prestige? As the Supreme General, how can you be so weak and cowardly? You're truly useless." "I would not dare. I only believe that Great Yan is standing on the brink of danger. We absolutely cannot deploy our troops recklessly." Fearless in his ignorance, Yan Dan continued putting on airs. "All of that is nonsense. I now order you to immediately lead the army out of the city and meet them in battle. If you dare disobey, it will be treason. And if you lose, that will be treason too." Hearing this, Qing Qin inwardly hated this foolish crown prince who still tried to act formidable. With stupidity like this, how could the state possibly avoid destruction? Fine then—dying on the battlefield would at least prove his loyalty. "This subject obeys. I swear to remain loyal to Great Yan until death." Qing Qin roared, "I am the Supreme General of Great Yan! As long as I am here, violent Qin will never invade even an inch of Ji City. Soldiers, prepare for battle!" "No need to waste words with those Qin dogs. Charge! Let them witness the might of our Great Yan!" Hearing that, one of his subordinates protested, "General, the Crown Prince cannot command like this. The army's morale hasn't even been stirred yet. How can we charge directly like this?" With a sorrowful sigh, Qing Qin said, "The military order has been given. Do we have any choice? Pass down the order. If we fight, perhaps we may truly catch Zhao Ji off guard and buy Great Yan some time to recover." "The Crown Prince has ordered it—attack! Charge! Kill, kill, kill!" "Hahaha, I'm dying of laughter. I've fought wars for years and never seen anyone charge like this. They're rushing straight to their deaths." Even Zhao Ji secretly sneered. "Yan Dan is just an overgrown child. Good. A quick battle and a quick victory suits me perfectly. Warriors of Great Qin, hear my order—attack the enemy formation!" "Kill! Kill! Kill!" Both sides plunged into a bloody battle. Qin's side surged with monstrous momentum like a fierce tiger, while Yan's side looked like a gust of wind that could be scattered at any moment. The Qin army burned with ferocity like savage beasts; wherever they went, Yan soldiers fell. Zhao Ji immediately gave the order, "Deploy the Tiger Cavalry!" At the sight of the tiger troops, the Yan soldiers nearly wet themselves. "Heavens and spirits, those are tigers! Tigers! Save us! To command tigers—Zhao Ji truly is a killing god!" At that moment, Qing Qin was also fighting a Qin general, like an egg smashing against a rock. In an instant, his spear was knocked flying. "Qing Qin, what a waste. You're the Supreme General, yet you'll die for foolish loyalty." Qing Qin replied, "As another man's subject, I am merely loyal and righteous. Even foolish loyalty is still loyalty." He cast a glance toward Zhao Ji. As a military man, how could he accept dying as lightly as a feather? Even in death, he had to leave others astonished. Without another moment's hesitation, he charged straight at Zhao Ji. "Zhao Ji, die! If I kill you, I can still leave my name in history!" Seeing his resolve, Zhao Ji could not help but admire him. Without wasting words, the young man drew out his divine bow and shot an arrow straight through Qing Qin's charging body. "Qing Qin, your loyalty is admirable; your foolishness is lamentable." Qing Qin collapsed flat on the ground, speechless before such overwhelming power. Zhao Ji looked toward Yan Dan and shouted, "Hey, brat—will you come down and surrender, or do I have to capture you myself?" "Surrender?" Yan Dan felt cold all over, with nothing left to cling to. "H-How did this happen? In less than two hours, my three hundred thousand brave warriors of Great Yan have... have..." Zhao Ji coldly said to him, "Do you see the corpses below? Those brave warriors all died because of you." Yan Dan panicked. "I did nothing wrong! I didn't kill them! It was Qing Qin's incompetence!" The general beside him hurriedly supported him. "Your Highness, be careful." "I am a wise ruler, the true Son of Heaven chosen by fate. How could I lose to Qin?" "Zhao Ji, Zhao Ji, would you come serve under me and be loyal to Great Yan? You have talent and ability, so why follow the tyrant Ying Zheng? Help me unify the world. Only then will the realm know peace. I certainly will not treat you poorly." Hearing this, Zhao Ji's two subordinates were left speechless. "My lord, has Yan Dan gone mad?" Yan Dan kept babbling on. "What do you want? Money, enfeoffment, women, power—whatever Ying Zheng gives you, I, Yan Dan, will give you ten times more." Zhao Ji grew annoyed from hearing such nonsense and felt his head and ears ache, so he quickly called for the Night Eagles. "You there, bring that madman down here." Immediately, the Night Eagles swooped toward Yan Dan. Terrified, Yan Dan cried out, "Ah! Drive away these insane birds! Protect me! Protect me!" "Protect you, huh?" In only a moment, the Night Eagles successfully brought Yan Dan down. Thrown to the ground before Zhao Ji, he heard Zhao Ji bellow, "Your Crown Prince is in my hands. Your army is dead. Open the city gates and surrender now, and you will not be killed." Even then, Yan Dan still tried to put on an act. "Violent Qin, how rude! Show some respect. I am still the Crown Prince of Yan—" "The Crown Prince of Yan? You're nothing but a prisoner, yet still this stubborn. Hurry and have them open the gates. Open them now!" "Your Highness, but—" "No buts! You dare disobey this Crown Prince's command?" The city gates were opened at once. Even at this stage, Yan Dan still shamelessly claimed he had ordered the gates opened because he could not bear to let the people of Ji City suffer, and that it was all Qing Qin's incompetence that had forced him into this desperate measure. Zhao Ji looked at him with contempt. "Yan Dan, you are the most hypocritical and shameless person I have ever met. You take no responsibility whatsoever. Even now, you still try to hide the truth about yourself and excuse your own wrong decisions and your cowardly fear of death. A useless waste like you controls Ji City? If you do not submit to my Great Qin, I will kill you." "The Qin army has entered the palace! The Qin army has entered the palace! Run!" At this moment, inside the King of Yan's chamber, a subordinate rushed in, panic-stricken, to report, "Your Majesty, the Crown Prince has been defeated, and General Qing Qin is dead. While the Qin army hasn't reached here yet, please leave the palace at once. Yan cannot be without a ruler." The King of Yan said sorrowfully, "Go. As the King of Yan, how can I flee?" By then, Zhao Ji had already arrived. "King of Yan, though both your fate and Yan's fate have run out, you are the only king who can still remain calm with enemy troops at the city walls and refuse to flee. If not for that useless son of yours, I believe that even if you defended the state, my Great Qin would need at least half a year to take Yan. No—perhaps we still would not even have found a reason to start the war." Hearing this, the King of Yan said, "My son is incompetent and a disaster to Great Yan, but are all of Ying Zheng's descendants truly worthy? I do not believe Qin can endure forever." As he drew his sword, Zhao Ji replied, "In this vast world, only my king can unify the Six States. Perhaps, as you say, Great Qin will not rule the world forever—but you certainly won't live to see that day." "Oh? Is that so? Then I want to test it." As soon as he finished speaking, he pulled a dagger hidden beneath his pillow. "Without you, Lord Wu'an, can Ying Zheng still sweep the world? Go die!" Zhao Ji evaded the sudden attack with ease. Then he swung his sword straight at the old king. Struck cleanly by the blade, the King of Yan coughed up blood in agony. "I must let the world see it—see the end that awaits Ying Zheng. He too will suffer utter defeat like me. The empire he wins will be ruined by his descendants. After his death, the Six States will take revenge." Zhao Ji coldly answered, "Even without Ying Zheng, the day would never come when the world splits apart again like before. Because I still remain. I will not let this hard-won realm fall into the hands of the incompetent. If necessary, I will protect this land in Ying Zheng's place." "Y-You... you want—" "Just die already. You talk too much." A subordinate rushed over in alarm and embraced the King of Yan's corpse, crying again and again, "Your Majesty! Your Majesty!" "Take the King of Yan away and bury him. Give him the funeral rites of a sovereign." The King of Yan died, and the State of Yan fell. "Now only Qi and Chu remain in this world." Tu Sui then stepped forward to report, "My lord, Ji City and the royal palace of Yan are now under control. In addition, General Li Mu has sent word: the thirty-two cities surrounding Yan have all fallen to Great Qin. At the borders, Yan now has neither army nor generals left. In at most half a month, all of it will be incorporated into Great Qin." "And what about Yan Dan? Did he kill himself?" "Reporting to my lord, Yan Dan talks big but has the courage of a mouse. He has no guts to commit suicide. I'm afraid he has gone mad." "Gone mad?" After the shock, Yan Dan truly had gone insane. "Hahaha! I am the ruler of all under Heaven! Ying Zheng is no match for me! Zhao Ji is just an ant! Hahaha!" Seeing this, Zhao Ji ordered that Yan Dan be locked up and that news of the victory be sent back to Xianyang. "I still have matters to attend to. I'll leave this place to you." "Understood, my lord." That night, in his room, Zhao Ji opened the system. System: "Calculating the host's rewards as ordered. Reward calculation in progress. Congratulations, Host, for leading the army to kill 285,564 enemies. Reward: 96,188 experience points. Congratulations, Host, for killing the Supreme General Qing Qin. Reward: 800 experience points. Reward: one bottle of Minor Transformation Pills. Congratulations, Host, for killing the King of Yan. Reward: 1,000 experience points. Reward: one bottle of Origin Enhancement Pills." "The destruction of Yan was so easy, and the rewards are pretty good too. This is my first time getting Origin Enhancement Pills. What are they? Are they like the Qi Enhancement Pills from before?" The system immediately explained, "Origin Enhancement Pills are mid-grade Profound-rank medicinal pills. Below level 21, each pill increases experience by 5,000 points. Below level 31, each use increases experience by 3,000 points. One Qi Enhancement Pill increases experience by 1,000 points, so the effect of this pill is five times greater." "Good stuff. System, open my status panel." Level: 17, Innate Seventh Layer. Physical Strength: 8,000. True Qi: 7,000. Cultivation Technique: perfected basic internal art, Heavenly Origin Earth Breath, continuously restores true qi. Cultivation Skills: perfected basic swordsmanship, One Sword Decapitation, perfected Invisible Sword Qi. Yellow-rank mid-grade martial skill: Fierce Tiger Fist—one punch unleashes the roar of a fierce tiger, with ten times the power in a single strike. Profound-rank martial skill, perfected: Divine Arrow Art—within 300 meters, every arrow hits; ten consecutive arrows contain explosive arrow qi. Profound-rank martial skill, perfected: Overlord Battle Art. Profound-rank martial skill, perfected: Wudang Stairway Cloud Crossing. Weapons obtained: Meteoric Steel Sword, Overlord Sword, protective battle armor, ten-stone bow. Magical treasure obtained: General's Heart, used to refine weapon attributes. When the host commands troops and employs battle formations, 1,000 points of imposing aura are added, greatly increasing combat power. Trait obtained: Authority. Lord Wu'an leads his subordinate generals like a war god; none do not fear him, and he receives the respect of ten thousand troops. Title: Lord Wu'an. When the host commands an army and kills one-third of the enemy, he may activate the passive divine ability, Slaughter Path, gaining the murderous aura gathered from one-third of the army. Experience required for the next level: 23,540. "Even I can feel how abnormally strong I am now. And another thing—I'm close to breaking through to the Innate Eighth Layer." The young man immediately swallowed two Origin Enhancement Pills. "Once these pills take effect, system, prepare the level-up." "Order received. Preparing level-up immediately. If I level up again, breaking Qi and Chu will be as easy as turning over my hand. The world is about to be unified. But what about me afterward? I still have no clue. That immortal realm is only my own speculation. This world lacks spiritual energy—must I simply give in?" "Congratulations, Host, on successfully reaching Level 18, Innate Eighth Layer." Zhao Ji was overjoyed. "So strong—I'm stronger again. I won't accept this. I will definitely keep growing stronger. If this world has no path to greater power, then I'll carve out a path with my own hands." At this time, in Qin's main hall, Ying Zheng was furious. "Yan has suffered a crushing defeat. Lord Wu'an has taken Ji City and killed the King of Yan. What do you all mean by this? Was the lesson from the Censorate not enough, that you now want to defy my royal command again?" Hearing this, the ministers below were shocked and terrified. "Your Majesty, spare us! We would not dare." "Oh? Is that so? Yan has been utterly defeated, and Lord Wu'an is the chief contributor. Then why is it that when I wish to reward Lord Wu'an, you all try to stop me? Great Qin is on the verge of unifying the realm. What kind of logic is it that meritorious generals go unrewarded?" "Your Majesty, calm your anger. We have no intention of obstructing Your Majesty, but to bestow a marquis title and command over the entire army is somewhat excessive. The title of marquis stands only below royal authority. Last month, Your Majesty already dismissed all the princes. If Lord Wu'an gains such a rank, would he not stand even above all the princes, unrestricted by anyone? Moreover, though Lord Wu'an has great merit and exceptional talent, he is still far inferior to the three senior generals—Wang Jian, Meng Wu, and Huan Yi. If he is placed over the whole army, who can guarantee there will be no objections? Your Majesty cannot forget the hearts of all the generals because of one man's merit." "General Meng, General Wang, General Huan—what do the three of you think?" "We are wholeheartedly convinced by Lord Wu'an and have no objection to his receiving the title of marquis. If Lord Wu'an commands the entire army, we will obey military orders and have no objections." They had intended to use these three generals to suppress Zhao Ji, but why had these three lowered their heads before a snot-nosed youngster? Warriors truly were crude on the court. If Zhao Ji's status rose so high and he refused to support Prince Fusu in the future, what would become of Great Qin's state? Ying Zheng continued in court, "With me here, Zhao Ji will remain under control, and the three armies have no objections. Lord Chun, what else do you have to say?" "Your Majesty has considered everything thoroughly. I have nothing more to say." "Then pass down my decree at once: promote Lord Wu'an Zhao Ji to the rank of Marquis and grant him authority to command the entire army." "Your Majesty is wise!" "If there is nothing more, court is dismissed. Wang Jian, Huan Yi, Meng Wu, and Han Fei will remain." Chunyu Yue still felt indignant inside. Backed by royal authority, able to interfere in state affairs, holding military power in his hands, and beyond the control of the royal clan and noble families—Zhao Ji truly had one hand covering the sky in Great Qin now. "My lord, haven't you always supported Prince Fusu and disliked Zhao Ji? Why did you say nothing just now?" "Lord Chun, you flatter me. His Majesty hates factional struggle above all else. How could I still openly stand on Prince Fusu's side? Besides, I see nothing wrong with His Majesty's order. He knows perfectly well that Zhao Ji's power is overwhelming now. To stick one's head out at this moment is to seek death. Have you served in officialdom for so many years and still not learned even how to protect yourself for the time being? But His Majesty favors Lord Wu'an too much. Lord Chun, if you find it suspicious, why not investigate? I, Li Si, stand with His Majesty—and even more with Great Qin. If Lord Chun truly uncovers something, then I certainly will not let it pass." Meng Wu also spoke up in puzzlement, "His Majesty called Wang Jian and Huan Yi inside. I wonder what he intends to discuss." Han Fei immediately said, "Today His Majesty granted Young Master Ji authority over the entire army. Naturally, he intends to discuss the advantages and dangers clearly with the two senior generals. Ah, you mean His Majesty wants to reveal Young Master Ji's identity to the two senior generals? No wonder he summoned Zhao back to Xianyang. Unification is close. His Majesty has dismissed the princes, rectified the court, and handed over military authority. Young Master Ji's return to the royal line must be near. If General Meng still has doubts, just ask the two generals." "No need. One look at their faces tells the whole story." The two senior generals stared at old Meng with their mouths hanging open. "You already knew about Young Master Ji, didn't you? That's really something. You had me worried that Young Master Ji would not be able to gain a firm foothold in court in the future, and yet it turns out he is the Son of Heaven himself." "Hehe, one thing leads to another. As for me, Huan Yi, I have never taken part in struggles for position, but if Young Master Ji ascends the throne in the future, I will offer this old life of mine to support him." Wang Jian also said excitedly, "Now only Qi and Chu have yet to submit under Heaven. I wonder what plans Young Master Ji has for the future. I can hardly wait any longer." Han Fei cut in and said, "It will not be easy for Young Master Ji to succeed to the throne. The real storm has not yet arrived. Young Master Ji still does not clearly understand what disasters his identity will bring him. Matters like this will only grow more and more frequent. Those who support the various princes, along with the royal clan and noble powers, will all jump out. A bloody purge is unavoidable." The three old generals burst out laughing. "Hahaha! A bloody purge? What do we have to fear? When the time comes, whoever refuses to submit—I will be the first to jump out and chop him down. At worst, I'll use my life to pave the road for Young Master Ji." Han Fei was speechless. Soldiers truly were hot-blooded by nature. "Once the world is unified, there will be no external enemies left to fear. Using force to pacify the interior is also one method. My lord, the great enterprise can be achieved. The supreme position is now only one step away." One month later, at Ji City, "Reporting to my general, we have received victory reports from the forward forces. All the cities in Yan have been absorbed into Great Qin, and the surrendered troops of Yan have also been fully reorganized." "Mm. Has any message come yet from Xianyang?" "Reporting to Lord Wu'an, the messenger from Xianyang carrying the royal decree has arrived in Ji City." Zhao Ji secretly rejoiced. Ying Zheng's reward had finally arrived. "I knew it. After destroying Yan, how could he not show anything? It's just that this time he was really slow. I was getting impatient. Good—go out at once and welcome the royal decree." "Lord Wu'an Zhao Ji, receive the decree." "Lord Wu'an Zhao Ji has not failed the king's command and has pacified the lands of Yan with merit. He is hereby advanced one noble rank and enfeoffed as a Marquis. He is granted eight thousand personal guards and private troops, the full territory of Yong City as his fief, ten thousand pieces of gold, ten thousand bolts of cloth, ten thousand mu of farmland, and five thousand servants. In addition, Lord Wu'an is granted authority to command the five great armies of Great Qin, to hold the command of Great Qin's million elite soldiers, and to lead all the armies." Zhao Ji was deeply moved. "Ying Zheng not only granted me the highest noble rank below the throne in Great Qin, he also gave me authority over the entire army. This favor is a bit too great, isn't it?" Thank you, Your Majesty, for the reward. Zhao Ji accepts the royal decree. Lord Wu'an offers his congratulations. In addition, Your Majesty instructed this servant to bring you a message. "Ji, I am entrusting the entire army to you. Go conquer Qi and Chu for me. Wait until you return to Xianyang, and I will give you a great surprise." That is what His Majesty said. Ying Zheng, you have placed me below only one man and above ten thousand others. For that trust alone, I will repay you with a pure land of Huaxia. Let the six directions return to one heart. Please rest assured, Your Majesty. I will definitely seize the lands of Qi and Chu for Great Qin. Only two states remain, Qi and Chu. Now that I hold command of the entire army, I can launch troops at any time. Ying Zheng said that after destroying these two states, there would be an even greater surprise and reward. I really am looking forward to it. But right now, I have nothing left that can be rewarded. No matter how much higher the reward is, surely he won't hand this empire over to me, right? Hahaha, forget it, forget it. I'll know when the time comes. System, calculate the rewards: promotion reward for noble rank, promotion reward for official rank, and reward for killing enemies. Ding. Processing host command. This time, the host's army destroyed Yan. Under the host's command, 56,871 enemies were killed. Obtained 189,500,000 experience. Experience needed to level up: 621,450,000. Congratulations, host, on being promoted to Marquis. You have reached the highest noble rank tier in Qin. Reward: one Profound-grade treasure chest, guaranteed to yield a reward no lower than Profound grade. Congratulations, host. By obtaining the position of supreme commander with control over a state's military power, you have reached the highest military rank in Qin. Reward: one Profound-grade treasure chest. Oh? So it turned into box opening now? Open them. Ding. Processing host command. Opening Profound-grade treasure chest. Congratulations, host, you obtained one low Earth-grade pill: Life-Extending Pill. Each pill can extend lifespan by 10 years. Each living being can only use it five times in their lifetime. Congratulations, host, you obtained 1,000 low-grade spirit stones. Opening Profound-grade treasure chest. Congratulations, host, you obtained a high Heaven-grade reward: Expanded Class Change Slot. Congratulations, host, you obtained 2,000 low-grade spirit stones. An expanded class change slot? Let's see what that does. Expanded Class Change Slot can be used to strengthen the host's profession. If one obtains immortal cultivation, demonic cultivation, divine cultivation, and other such cultivation arts, one can additionally cultivate one primary path, forming dual cultivation paths. Divine Path, Immortal Path, Demonic Path, Martial Path. Hahaha, dual cultivation paths. This is basically a game cheat in the immortal cultivation world. The Immortal Path focuses on spells, the righteous and vast qi. The Demonic Path focuses on ferocity and slaughter. The Divine Path focuses on faith, while the Martial Path focuses on fierce direct offense. Every path has its strengths and weaknesses. If I can cultivate two paths together, then the two Dao paths can complement each other. No matter what world I'm in, I would be an invincible existence. This time I even got Life-Extending Pills and spirit stones. That's a huge profit. I'm getting closer and closer to the Grandmaster Realm. It seems the Profound-grade technique, Swift Breath Return Plow, that I obtained can also be passed on to Tu Sui and the others. You all came quickly. My lord summoned us, how would we dare delay? Your cultivation has now all reached the brink of the Xiantian Realm. It is time to give you the Martial Slaughter Canon. This is the first layer of the technique. It can help you smoothly enter the Xiantian Realm. Damn, this opens the dantian and forms a sea of qi. The true meaning of the Xiantian Realm lies in transforming inner force into the qi of heaven and earth and breaking through to the first level of Xiantian. My internal force has transformed into a stronger power. Is this the true qi my lord spoke of? So powerful. Many thanks, my lord, for bestowing this cultivation art. The Martial Slaughter Canon is not suitable for the Shadow Guards. And Dun Ruo, you have spent too little time on the path, so you should still focus mainly on cultivating inner force. Therefore, this time I will not pass on the art to you two. Take the spirit stones and go first. Many thanks, my lord. Now I have been ordered to command the entire army. But no matter how great military authority is, it still rests on a single thought of royal power. The armies stationed in the fiefs still need you to hold the line. Once Qi and Chu are destroyed, the mountains and rivers will be unified. Your subordinates obey my lord's command and swear loyalty unto death. Zhao Ji silently calculated that with these three generals ruling the army for me, even if a future King of Qin wanted to kill me, I could still overturn heaven and earth in one stroke. Ying Zheng, you personally handed me a sharp sword. I will certainly use it well. I only hope the day never comes when I and your descendants meet with weapons drawn against each other. You may all withdraw first. Dun Ruo, stay behind. I still have something to instruct you about. What does my lord require? Unification is drawing near. Now that Hidden Shadow has spread across all under heaven, there is something important I need you to investigate. Listen carefully to my orders. Take this jade piece. This is what my biological father left behind. Go and investigate where it came from. I must find the man who abandoned my mother and me. Dun Ruo took the jade and cried out in shock, My lord, this is... this belongs to a royal clan. Hm? It's actually from a royal clan? Are you sure? Which state is it from? Has that state already been destroyed? This subordinate is certain, but for the moment I truly cannot identify its exact origin. This style seems changeable. It has the flavor of Qin and Chu, yet it also carries the aura of Zhao. Zhao Ji fell into thought. Qin, Chu, Zhao? My mother was from Zhao. If the jade pendant came from Zhao's royal clan, Mother wouldn't have ended up wandering from place to place. Then only Chu remains. Good, good. Maybe I can find out before destroying it, and avoid the sin of accidentally killing my own father. My lord, why are you so certain it is from Chu's royal clan and not Qin's? Twenty years ago, Qin and Zhao were bitter enemies. Aside from Ying Zheng, who had ties and grudges with Zhao, the royal clans of the other states all avoided Zhao. Surely I can't be Ying Zheng's son, can I? But I can't be careless either. Immediately deliver all information on Chu to me. After that, set out at once for Xianyang and investigate Chu there. I will personally look into it. Understood. But this is only an intelligence matter. Why does my lord need to act personally? Besides, the army cannot be left leaderless. The army needs time to reorganize. Originally, I should have returned to Xianyang to report in this period anyway. But I won't go back now. There are some matters I still want to clarify with my own hands. On Ying Zheng's side, at this moment Tie Ying also came running in with a report. Seeing him, Ying Zheng asked, What is it? Did Ji'er send another message? Judging by the time, he should already be on his way back to Xianyang, right? He stammered, Th-this... Young Master Ji sent word saying that during the victory banquet he was struck by cold and cannot travel a long distance, so he requests to remain in Ji City to recuperate. Ying Zheng anxiously asked, Ji'er is ill? What's going on? Is it serious? Your Majesty, please do not worry. According to this subject's investigation, Young Master Ji is not ill. After arranging the important military affairs, he went to Chu. If he's not sick, why didn't he come back? What is he doing in Chu? With the destruction of Chu drawing near, could Young Master Ji have gone to gather intelligence? Ying Zheng did not think so. The shadow guards he raised are spread across all under heaven. There is no need for him to go in person just to investigate. And besides, if he truly wanted to destroy Chu, he would tell me. Ah, right. Before leaving, Young Master Ji seemed to have arranged for a shadow guard subordinate to investigate something. Though I do not know the details, that shadow guard went to Xianyang. Ying Zheng frowned in confusion. Xianyang? Could Ji'er be investigating me? That night, Dun Ruo had already slipped into the palace to investigate. I have checked all the major clan records. Only the Qin king's genealogy remains unread. If I really find my lord's jade pendant design here, then wouldn't that mean my lord is the bloodline of the King of Qin? Thinking back on the King of Qin's favor toward my lord over these past few years, it doesn't seem impossible. Suddenly, Ying Zheng spoke. Ji'er really sent you to investigate the jade pendant? What you're looking for is right here. Dun Ruo was so shocked he nearly froze. I am a cultivator, yet I didn't detect him at all. You're the King of Qin, Ying Zheng? You knew I would come? Hmph. Ji'er's shadow guards may be formidable, but my Black Ice Terrace is no pushover either. Besides, I can roughly guess what Ji'er is thinking. You... you're my lord's biological father? Ying Zheng had no intention of hiding it and said, That's right. I want to know how much Ji'er knows about this matter, and what his purpose is in going to Chu. Why should I tell you? I, Dun Ruo, would rather die than betray my lord. Hahaha. I already knew that those by Ji'er's side are all people who would die for him. Don't worry, I won't kill you. I only hope you can keep this secret for me. Dun Ruo said disdainfully, You don't intend to acknowledge my lord back? How heartless. Keep dreaming. If I can get out of here alive, I definitely won't deceive my lord. Ying Zheng explained, The world is not yet stable. A powerful minister and capable general whose authority overshadows the court—if in a single night he becomes a prince of Great Qin, what kind of situation do you think Great Qin would face? You may call me heartless if you wish, but what I want to give Ji'er is a stable court and a peaceful world. Do you truly intend to pass the throne to my lord? But all the news I've heard says that you favor Fusu. Then tell me—besides him, is there anyone else in this world who can bear the burden of all under heaven? You are a smart man. Since I have spoken this far, you should understand. Very well. For my lord's sake, I can promise to keep the secret for now. I only hope that in the future Your Majesty gives my lord the royal authority, not merely the title of prince. Otherwise, no matter who inherits Great Qin, I, Dun Ruo, will certainly kill them. Ying Zheng laughed loudly in satisfaction. Hahaha, good, good, good. I will absolutely keep my word. Everyone, withdraw. I still have much to discuss with this gentleman. No one is to disturb us. Your subordinates understand. Now you can tell me why Ji'er went to Chu, can't you? Seeing this scene, even Dun Ruo had to sigh in admiration. The Black Ice Terrace truly is formidable. It seems I need to cultivate harder. I must not fail my lord. At this moment, the young Zhao Ji had already arrived in Chu. Halt. Anyone entering the city must be inspected. Where have you come from? What business do you have in Yingdu? Do you have a travel pass? Well, we just arrived and didn't know a travel pass was needed. Zhao Ji immediately stuck his head out and said, Of course we have a travel pass. Please inspect it, officer. Officer, does this pass work? The officer's eyes lit up. Oh my, damn right it works. More than works. We are merchants who came from Ji City to seek refuge with relatives. Please, officer, give us a hand. Fine, fine. If you need anything after entering the city, you can come find me anytime. We people of Yingdu love helping others most, hahaha. Let them through, Officer Chen. This commoner came to Chu only seeking shelter. How could I trouble you to come in person? Since you've come to Great Chu, from today onward you are one of Great Chu's people. Naturally, I should come and extend my regards. Zhao Ji immediately put on a flattering act. In the future, I hope Lord Chen will support me more. This commoner has prepared a little food and drink. My lord, please come inside. The man smiled in satisfaction. Hmph, at least you know how to behave. The moment he entered the room, that man dropped to his knees and saluted. Hidden Shadow Guard Chen Shi greets my lord. Please forgive me, my lord, for overstepping just now. Rise. It was all to deceive prying eyes. You did well. I will not blame you. What is Chu's current situation? Reporting to my lord: on the surface, Chu appears calm and its national strength prosperous, but in truth its internal government has long been in chaos. Since King Kaolie died, Li Yuan has seized power, and it is widely rumored among the royal clans that the current King of Chu is not of the royal bloodline. If my calculations are correct, Fusu should also be making his move by now, shouldn't he? My lord's insight is divine. The three great royal clans of Chu are indeed trying to win over Young Master Fusu. But their precise intentions are still unclear. In history, Li Yuan married his younger sister Li Yanyan to Lord Chunshen, Huang Xie. After Li Yanyan became pregnant, Huang Xie was killed. Then Li Yanyan was presented to King Kaolie and became queen, giving birth to King You. After King Kaolie died, Li Yuan took control of the court and became the true ruler within Chu. He defiled the royal bloodline and suppressed the royal clans. During Li Yuan's period in power, he continuously made enemies and plunged Chu's court into utter chaos. In the end, the three great royal clans joined forces with Young Master Fusu to assassinate Li Yuan. Only then did Chu stabilize its internal affairs, rebuild its national strength, and stand against Qin. If Li Yuan does not die, he will become a second Guo Kai. Then Great Qin's conquest of Chu won't even need three years. Hahaha, such a "valiant general" opposing Great Qin— I cannot let him die. Go and make arrangements immediately on my behalf. I want to meet Li Yuan. Yes, this subordinate will do it at once. Get lost, get lost, get lost. You dare block the prime minister's carriage? Are you tired of living? If you keep dawdling, I'll cut you down myself. Spare me, officer, I'm leaving, I'm leaving. As he spoke, he pulled out the sickle he had prepared in advance and slashed straight at the soldier. The guards panicked. Assassin! Assassin! Protect the prime minister! Come on then! Kill this traitorous minister who has thrown the court into chaos and defiled the royal bloodline! Kill him! Kill the traitorous minister! Zhao Ji, hiding behind a wall, witnessed it all. Damn it, that's a pretty fierce attack. They're not really going to beat Li Yuan to death, are they? Chu's combat strength is way too weak. Li Yuan trembled inside the carriage. Protect me! Protect me! In broad daylight, who dares assassinate this prime minister? Dog thief, today I'll kill you and restore the rightful heir. Damn it, save me already! Hand over your life! Li Yuan kept screaming. Help! Help! Help! Knowing the moment had come, Zhao Ji immediately rushed out to save him. With me here today, no one will lay a finger on the prime minister! The assassins shouted, Mind your own business and get lost, or we'll kill you too. Kill? Kill me? Then let's see whether I'm all talk or not. This is bad, brothers, run! Today counts as your lucky day, traitorous minister. Next time I'll come take your life. Zhao Ji then said, Prime Minister, don't be afraid. The villains have fled. It's all right now. Only then did Li Yuan dare stick his head out and ask, Y-you, who are you? This commoner, Zhao Wu'an, pays his respects to Prime Minister. At the prime minister's residence, at this moment, Quick, quick, quick, carry it in carefully. Don't drop it. Open it. Zhao Ji said, This commoner has long heard of the prime minister's great reputation and specially prepared a few humble gifts to pay his respects. On the road, I encountered villains attacking the prime minister. In my anger I struck back, so I failed to pay my respects in time. I hope the prime minister will forgive me. Prime Minister, this man is a famous wealthy merchant from Yan. Now that Yan has fallen, he came especially to seek your protection. Hearing that, Li Yuan probed further. I remember your name is Zhao Wu'an. If you're seeking protection, why not go to Qin or Qi? Why come to Chu? Zhao Ji replied, Though this commoner is only a small merchant, I still understand the hatred of a destroyed state. How could I bring my wealth to Qin? Besides, Chu's national power is formidable, and the prime minister's fame shakes all six states. Flattening brutal Qin is only a matter of time. In the past, Lü Buwei spent away his fortune to help Ying Yiren. Now, this commoner is also willing to offer a little meager strength for the prime minister. Hearing those pleasing words, Li Yuan laughed in delight. Hahaha, Zhao Wu'an, you have a clever tongue and know the times. I like you. Just now I was only asking routinely. You saved my life, so naturally I trust you. Since you've come to join Great Chu, this prime minister will not treat you poorly. Stay in my residence and serve as one of my retainers. Thank you, Prime Minister, for your support. Prime Minister, this lowly one has been in trade for many years and has raised quite a few eyes and ears. This time, after coming to Great Chu, I heard much news unfavorable to the prime minister. I am willing to tell the prime minister in private. Hearing this, Li Yuan was startled. Hmph. Come, prepare a banquet. Hold a feast to welcome my new retainer. Zhao Ji and his subordinate exchanged glances, secretly signaling that the first step had succeeded. At this moment, Zhao Ji was finally alone with Li Yuan, and Li Yuan spoke. What news did you hear? If you are speaking nonsense, I will not spare you. Without evidence before the prime minister, this lowly one naturally would not dare speak recklessly. After arriving in Chu, I heard that the three great royal clans are constantly trying to win over Young Master Fusu and intend some sinister plot against the prime minister. At first, this lowly one didn't believe it. But today the prime minister encountered assassins, so I think this news is at least seventy percent true. Li Yuan flew into a rage and kicked over the table of food before him. Hmph, what do you mean seventy percent? It's a full hundred percent that they're behind this. Today that assassin spoke of restoring the rightful line. I knew at once it was those noisy royal clans. They never let a single day pass in peace. Zhao Wu'an, I order you to quickly investigate the schemes of those royal clans operating in the shadows. Do this well, and I will reward you. Yes. Zhao Wu'an will certainly not fail the prime minister's trust. I will dig out all those who oppose the prime minister. After staging the assassination play against Li Yuan, Zhao Ji's subordinates had now gathered together. One of them sighed, Aiyo, if my lord's strike had used just a bit more force, this little life of mine would have been finished. Another immediately cut in and said, My lord knows his limits. Besides, even if we died, so what? Our lives were all given by my lord anyway. Hehe, sorry, brothers. You've worked hard. Today's performance was not bad. My lord specially told me to bring top-grade wound medicine for the brothers. Many thanks to my lord for his thoughtfulness. Does my lord have any other instructions? Chen Shi said, My lord naturally has his own plans. We only need to be loyal; there's no need to ask too much. And now my lord has ordered us to strictly investigate the movements of the three great royal clans and Young Master Fusu. There must be no delay. This is a good chance for us to earn merit. Yes, the Hidden Shadow Guards obey. Please rest assured, my lord. We will certainly investigate the three great royal clans and Fusu thoroughly. At this time, the scene shifted to a wine house. One guest complained unhappily, What's going on today? Such a big pleasure house, and not a single girl to be found? Sir, we are truly sorry. Today all the girls have been booked by Lord Zhao Wu'an. His face darkened in annoyance. Zhao Wu'an? The new favorite at the Chief Minister's residence? Hehe, more importantly, he's a rich man. Otherwise, how could he be so generous? This time he came to find serving girls for Prime Minister Li. He exploded in anger. That vile traitor Li Yuan has actually put some low-born merchant on a pedestal and let him run wild so arrogantly. I must report this matter to the young master. Fusu. “Looking down from upstairs, Zhao Ji laughed in delight. “Hahaha, just telling Fusu alone isn't enough. Better to stir up the whole city, make the whole capital rage with rumors, and force every royal clansman to jump out and confront Li Yuan. The bigger the uproar you make, the faster Chu will be destroyed. Aizo, Lord Zhao, you handsome, dashing man, please take a look. Are any of these young ladies to your liking?” Zhao Ji immediately began pointing one after another. “This one, and that one too, send them all to Lord Lingyin’s residence.” As for the rest, the green-haired woman eagerly cut in with a grin: “Of course the rest will serve Lord Zhao.” “Go, go, go, pour the wine and sing and dance. One look at the young master's face and you can tell he enjoys this. Hahaha.” “Good, all of you will be rewarded. But this official still has duties later, so I can only drink a little wine and cannot indulge too much.” “Aiyo, this concubine will follow your wishes. Even if it’s only drinking wine, I’ll still make my lord happy, hehe.” What people desire is nothing more than wealth and beauty. Empty though it was, it really was enjoyable. Not long after, Zhao Ji led a group of charming women to the Prime Minister’s residence. “You all wait outside.” The moment he entered, Zhao Ji heard the crash of a shattered cup. Li Yuan, blazing with anger, was striding out. Zhao Ji at once asked, “Why is the Prime Minister so angry?” “Hmph, brat, Zhao Wu'an, you know perfectly well and still ask?” The young man immediately put on an innocent face. He’s still calling me Zhao Wu'an, so that means my identity hasn’t been exposed. Why is Li Yuan so furious? Where should this even begin? “Everything you said was right. That little brat Fusu played an assassination game on me and even roped in several royal clansmen to conspire together. Damn it, I almost fell into his trap. Luckily, thanks to the information you gave me, I was able to catch them off guard. Hahaha, brat, you’ve rendered the greatest merit.” “Hehe, serving the Prime Minister is this humble one’s duty. I dare not claim credit.” “I captured several assassins and interrogated them. They said I’m extravagant and lustful in court? They simply lack ability. They can’t recruit retainers or acquire wealthy talents like you, and yet they still dare envy me.” Zhao Ji took the chance to flatter him further. “How could the incompetent ever gain the aid of the worthy? Their jealousy toward you, Prime Minister, isn’t because of a nobody like me, but because of your talent in governing the world. As long as Zhao Wu'an is here, you may enjoy yourself without worry. I guarantee that for the Prime Minister, ten thousand matters will be properly arranged.” As he spoke, the young man clapped, signaling the women waiting outside to come in. “Hehe, Prime Minister, let us serve you.” “Hahaha, good, good, good. But Prime Minister, this commoner truly feels wronged on your behalf. The three great royal clans are bullying you too much. How does the Prime Minister intend to deal with them?” At this moment Li Yuan was in the height of excitement, so he said he would leave it all to Zhao Ji to handle. “They want to kill me. Do they really think I’m so easy to bully, that they can do whatever they want? This humble one understands.” The three great royal clans of Chu had jointly guarded the territory, but now all their attention was being tied down by Li Yuan. The state was split into factions; if an invading enemy struck now, they would definitely be unable to respond in time. “Hahaha, this parasite Li Yuan is truly useful.” Zhao Ji immediately ordered Chen Shi to continue fanning the flames, spreading Li Yuan’s reputation for greed and lust as widely as possible, and to heap more fuel on the heads of those royal clans as well. “Please give clear instructions, my lord. This time, how are we to fan the flames?” “Pick a few members of the clans who took part in today’s attempt on Li Yuan and kill them. Remember to leave behind some traces so the blame can be laid on Li Yuan.” “This subordinate will do it at once.” As night fell, Zhao Ji’s Shadow Guards were already lying in wait. As soon as the prey appeared, an arrow flashed out and pierced straight through the target’s body. The servants shrieked in panic, “Ah! Murder! Murder!” “Lord Zhao! Lord Zhao, what’s happened to you?” Elsewhere, at the same time, more names were added to the memorial tablets. Just as Zhao Ji had planned, the people of the three great clans were blazing with fury. They immediately led men to question Li Yuan. “Li Yuan, come out! How dare you assassinate royal clansmen!” Chen Shi immediately slipped into character. “Impudent! Is the Prime Minister’s personal name something you can call at will? Clearly you were the ones who shot arrows first. And now you still dare come here to retaliate. Guards of the Prime Minister’s residence, teach these useless fools a lesson for me!” Li Yuan was enraged by this chaos and hurried over to reproach Zhao Ji. “Brat Zhao Wu'an, what did you do? You handled things sloppily and left loose ends. Those royal clansmen have come right to the gate, and the whole city is in turmoil now.” “Prime Minister, forgive me. In my haste to search for my family, I handed this matter to my subordinates. Perhaps they did not carry it out smoothly. This humble one will certainly take responsibility. But then again, so what if they’ve turned hostile? They were clearly the ones who provoked you first. If the Prime Minister only disciplines them in secret, they’ll think you fear them. Better to use this chance to crush their prestige.” Hearing that, Li Yuan felt it made perfect sense. He slapped the table and stood up, shouting, “You’re right! If a tiger doesn’t show its might, they’ll think I’m a cat. I’ll let them know whose Great Chu this world belongs to. And what did you mean earlier by searching for family?” Zhao Ji then produced the jade pendant. “My father left many years ago and never returned. He only left behind this jade pendant. By chance, I heard that this jade pendant originated from Chu, so I secretly began investigating in search of my father.” “Prime Minister, your knowledge is broad and profound. Please give me some guidance.” Holding the jade pendant in his hand, Li Yuan examined it carefully. “This… this jade pendant has both Qin and Chu style to it, and carries an air of noble refinement, but it definitely does not come from Chu.” With that, he tossed the jade pendant back to Zhao Ji. Zhao Ji immediately asked to confirm, “Prime Minister, are you certain? Someone also said it bears the charm of Zhao—” “Kekeke. I, this Prime Minister, am from Zhao originally, and later came to Chu. I’ve held power for decades; I can recognize the objects of the royal houses of Zhao and Chu at a glance. Whether in material or pattern, this jade pendant resembles the style of Qin far more. Enough. Anyone able to possess such a jade pendant must be rich and powerful. Since he has hidden himself for so many years, he clearly does not wish to acknowledge you. Why go to such trouble to find him?” “The Prime Minister is right. This humble one takes his leave.” Li Yuan was not wrong. This was not an object of Chu or Zhao. If so, then I have even less need to hesitate. Zhao Ji immediately sent word: “Chu is already in chaos. Act according to plan. Raise the troops and attack.” After playing around for so long, it was about time Chu was destroyed. Under the banner of supporting the legitimate royal house, the three major fiefs of the royal clans—Zhao, Qu, and Jing—successively raised troops and advanced toward Yingdu. “Kill the state traitor! Kill Li Yuan! Restore Great Chu!” Li Yuan commanded the capital forces, and although they were more numerous, unexpectedly the three clans suffered defeat one after another. Rumors began spreading that Li Yuan had divine help, and that King You of Chu was the true Son of Heaven by destiny. At this time Li Yuan felt utterly delighted inside. “Hahaha, easy, truly easy. What three great royal clans? They’re nothing at all. Zhao Wu'an, you really are my lucky star. With your strategy, those rebels simply can’t do anything to me.” “Hehe, it was only a small trick. Everything is because the Prime Minister is blessed by Heaven.” “Hahaha, I like your modest personality. Great reward!” The young man then revealed a sly smile. “Many thanks for the Prime Minister’s generous favor.” Watching you tear at each other like this, I suppose by now Wang Jian’s, Huan Yi’s, and Handan’s armies have already begun moving. While you fight among yourselves, don’t blame me for reaping the fisherman’s profit. At the same time, on Chu’s border, Zhao Ji’s subordinates were already leading a great army to storm the city. “Kill! Break the city and destroy Chu!” The Chu troops were terrified. “Quickly, hurry to Yingdu and report! Ask the marquis to bring troops to help! The troops in the city are insufficient. Qin has exploited our opening!” “This subordinate understands.” He immediately spurred his horse and raced straight for Yingdu to report, but before he had gone far, he was shot dead by Dun Ruo. “Hahaha, what’s the rush to send word? Once our Great Qin iron cavalry steps through the gates of Yingdu, your marquis will know soon enough.” In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed. At Li Yuan’s residence, a general rushed in in panic to report, “Prime Minister, Prime Minister, this is bad!” “What do you mean bad for the Prime Minister? Early in the morning and you’re already shouting—what now? Did those three bastards start making trouble again?” “N-no, Prime Minister! It’s the Qin army, the Qin army has arrived!” Li Yuan still refused to believe it. “Nonsense. How could the Qin army appear out of nowhere? It must be those three clans throwing up a smokescreen.” The subordinate quickly affirmed again, “Prime Minister, it’s true! While the three clans were raising troops from their fiefs, the Qin army had already launched its attack. It’s just that the news was constantly sealed off, so Yingdu never received the calls for aid in time.” Li Yuan’s vision went black and his face darkened. “W-what?” Zhao Ji pretended to be worried. “Prime Minister, please take care of your health.” In a panic, Li Yuan asked, “Wu'an, what should be done? The three clans surrounded us but retreated before battle, and now the Qin army is attacking as well.” “Prime Minister, you’re mistaken. It’s a good thing that the three clans are gathered at Yingdu—they are all still troops of our Great Chu. If all forces can be united at this moment, then we can definitely defeat the Qin army. The urgent matter is for the Prime Minister to preside over the overall situation and gather the strength of the three clans.” Li Yuan immediately agreed. “Right, right, right, well said. Go at once and notify the marquises of the three clans. This Prime Minister wishes to discuss strategy against the enemy with them. Tell them to temporarily put aside old grudges and drive out the common foe.” “This subordinate will do it at once.” Zhao Ji continued adding fuel to the fire. “I only fear the three clans may harbor other intentions and use the joint discussion as a chance to play tricks. Therefore, the royal capital guards absolutely cannot lower their guard.” “Mm. Wu'an, come with me to the negotiations. The city guard will be placed entirely under Chen Shi’s command. I am very at ease with him.” Zhao Ji was overjoyed. “Prime Minister, you are wise indeed.” Li Yuan, Li Yuan—you’re personally delivering Chu into my hands. The scene shifted to the meeting place between Li Yuan and the three clans. Li Yuan stepped into the negotiation hall. “Hahaha, three marquises, it’s been a long time.” One of the three clan lords spoke up. “So you are Zhao Wu'an, the one who devised strategy for Li Yuan? So young, yet what a pity—you’re a man who cannot distinguish loyalty from treason.” Zhao Ji replied, “Perhaps the marquis has misunderstood me. But today, the three marquises and the Prime Minister have gathered here, and I fear the purpose is not this humble one. I have here a clever plan to repel the enemy and protect the people of Chu from being slaughtered by the Qin army. Please invite the three marquises and the capable military generals to discuss it together.” “I hope you are not merely posturing.” “Whether I am posturing or not, the marquises and generals will know once they see it.” The three old men immediately opened it to look. “What the hell? Surrender—what does this mean?” As Zhao Ji spoke, he swung his sword and slashed at the three men. “The meaning is written right there.” In an instant, one of them was sent on his way. The others cried out in panic, “Guards! Murder! Murder!” “You lowborn wretch! How dare you assault court officials—pay with your life!” The other two old men fled desperately, but no matter what, they could not escape. “What sorcery is this? Why can’t we get out?” Behind them, Zhao Ji was mercilessly finishing off his prey. Li Yuan’s face had already turned deathly pale, and trembling, he shouted, “Y-you… Zhao Wu'an!” Zhao Ji’s face was filled with killing intent. “You can thank the Prime Minister for this. Thanks to your help, all the commanders and capable generals of the three clans could be gathered in one place. Otherwise, killing them one by one would have taken far too much time. And besides, I am a man of Qin. Zhao Wu'an is not my real name. If you had thought a little more carefully, you would have guessed who I am long ago.” “You’re from Qin… Zhao Wu'an… Zhao Wu'an… You’re Qin’s Wu'an Marquis, the Little God of Slaughter, Zhao Ji!” Without hesitating any further, Li Yuan turned and fled like a man who had seen a ghost. “Ah! Save me! The God of Slaughter Zhao Ji is here!” Zhao Ji did not pursue him, but instead hurried to shift the blame. “What are you all standing there for? Hurry after him! The traitor Li Yuan has assassinated the marquises of the three clans! Don’t let him escape!” Hearing this, two soldiers immediately pinned Li Yuan to the ground. He screamed in explanation, “It wasn’t me! It wasn’t me! Zhao Ji was the one who killed them—Zhao Ji of Qin!” “What Zhao Ji? Traitorous minister, don’t think you can slander others. Li Yuan, pay for our marquis’s life!” Li Yuan screamed in agony—and died. At that moment, a soldier came galloping in with an urgent report. “This is bad! The Qin army has attacked! The Qin army is here! Quickly inform the commanders and the marquises!” “What? But the commanders and marquises are all dead. What do we do now?” On the Qin side, morale was soaring. “Brave warriors of Great Qin, the Chu camp is now nothing but loose sand. Kill! Kill for me! Kill! Kill! Kill!” At that moment, Blood Tiger also ran over to Zhao Ji’s side. “Blood Tiger, you came just in time.” Wang Jian stepped forward and praised him as well. “Ji, my boy, hahaha, well done. Greetings, General Wang, General Huan. Without commanders, even their fierce generals are like souls without a master. Cutting down the enemy now is like harvesting wheat, hahaha. You stirred Chu into a pot of chaos, and even managed to conceal our troop movements. You really are formidable. After this battle is over, you must drink with me. Tell me in detail about your methods.” “Everything will be as General Huan wishes. But I hope that tonight we can hold a feast in the palace of Chu. What do the two generals think?” “Hahaha, good, good! Generals, hear my order: today Chu falls. Charge and kill them all!” The Chu soldiers atop the city wall were terrified out of their minds. “The Qin army! The Qin army is here! What do we do?” Another one screamed, “Quickly report to the palace—yes, report to the palace!” Chen Shi immediately stopped them. “No one is allowed to go. Before the Prime Minister left, he handed military command over to me. Obey my orders—open the city gates at once.” The soldiers stared in astonishment. “Huh?” “Didn’t you understand me? I said open the city gates.” “Y-yes, this subordinate will do it at once.” The moment the city gates opened, the Qin army surged in and began slaughtering. “Kill! Kill!” In the royal palace of Chu, Zhao Ji was riding Blood Tiger and charging in to slaughter. “King of Chu, I’ve come to take your life!” The young man kicked open the palace doors and strode in heroically, only to find that the King of Chu had apparently already died long ago. Zhao Ji was baffled. “What is going on here? Who is he?” The two people kneeling nearby trembled as they answered, “G-general, spare us. The dead man is… is… is the king.” But the young man still found it impossible to believe such absurdity. “And here I thought he had pulled off a cicada-shedding escape. If you still don’t tell the truth, I’ll cut out your tongues.” The reason Zhao Ji believed that corpse was not the King of Chu was that if the king had died, it would be equivalent to the fall of the state, and the system would already have displayed a notification of Chu’s destruction. “General, that really is the king. As soon as the Qin army broke the city, Young Master Fusu and Xiang Yan entered the palace and killed the king, and even took away the Chu royal seal. General, we truly are not lying.” Zhao Ji frowned unhappily to himself. Fusu—I didn’t expect him to move so quickly. Just then, a subordinate entered and reported, “My lord, the entire Chu palace has been brought under control.” “Fusu has fled with the Chu seal. Immediately split off five thousand men and follow me out of the city in pursuit. Without the Chu royal seal, he may still have room to breathe. This matter cannot be delayed.” “Yes, my lord. But my lord, Fusu fled so cleanly that even our shadow guards failed to notice him. Where are we supposed to pursue him?” The young man only smiled and uttered two words. “Huainan.” According to recorded history, when Chu fell into turmoil and the Qin army captured Yingdu, Fusu killed Li Yuan and the King of Chu, then fled to Huainan. There he proclaimed himself king in Chu and continued resisting Great Qin. And now, as the wheel of history turned, he would also flee to Huainan. Just as Zhao Ji said, at this very moment Fusu’s group was hurrying toward Huainan. While they were moving, a subordinate suddenly ran over. “Urgent report, Supreme General! Supreme General, the Qin army—the Qin army has chased us here!” Even the general cried out in shock, “What?” By now, Fusu could no longer remain calm either. “Why has the Qin army reacted so quickly? Could there be a spy among us?” There was no time to worry about that now. “Young Master, I will hold back the Qin army. You must hurry to Huainan and rebuild the foundations of our Great Chu.” But at this moment, Zhao Ji had already caught up. “My lord, are we going to stand around talking? What else is there to say? Charge!” “Do not let that Fusu escape.” “Understood! By order of the Wu'an Marquis—kill!” A brutal battle instantly erupted. Zhao Ji did not even spare a glance for the small fry of Chu. He rode Blood Tiger straight at Fusu. The Chu soldiers kept firing arrows to stop him, but Blood Tiger blocked them all with ease. In only a moment, Zhao Ji was face to face with Chu’s supreme general. “You are Chu’s Supreme General, Xiang Yan.” “Indeed. Judging by your martial skill, and by this Blood Tiger mount of yours, you must be Qin’s Wu'an Marquis.” “Since you know who I am, then I advise you, Supreme General, not to throw eggs against a rock. Surrender to Qin at once, and I will spare your life.” “Hmph, eggs against a rock? Who is the egg and who is the rock remains to be seen.” The moment the old man rode close, his horse was struck at once by a heaven-shaking blow from Blood Tiger’s position. Zhao Ji did not hesitate. He swung his sword and struck a fatal wound. Xiang Yan collapsed flat onto the ground. “Great Qin shall triumph! Great Qin shall triumph!” Xiang Yan looked helplessly at the scene before him, tears streaming nonstop from his eyes. Suddenly, he raised his head and roared, “Though Chu has only three households left, the one to destroy Qin will surely be Chu!” At this moment, Xiang Yan looked like a bloodthirsty beast driven to its final desperate corner. Zhao Ji looked at him and laughed. “Hahaha, what a prophecy. To tell you the truth, in history,” The one fated to destroy Qin really is your descendant. But now that I’ve been swept into this current of history, who knows whether Xiang Yu will ever face him one day. Taking advantage of Xiang Yan holding the Qin army back, Fusu kept urging his men to flee. Hurry, hurry! We’re almost at Huainan! But just as he finished speaking, a Chu general was shot clean through the body. Immediately, a rain of arrows flew toward Fusu and his group. One of them struck the horse pulling Fusu’s carriage, causing the carriage to overturn onto the road. Fusu was terrified and screamed, “What happened? Why is it shaking like this?!” He had just crawled out of the carriage when he saw Zhao Ji. “The jade seal... so you’re Fusu.” He looked up in horror. “You... you...” Without wasting words, Zhao Ji immediately swung his sword and killed him. “Chu has been destroyed. Congratulations, my lord, on another great merit.” Zhao Ji then ordered his men, “Take Chu’s jade seal back to Xianyang. At the same time, inform Wang Jian and Huan Yi to quickly regroup their forces and march to the border of Qi. Yingdu will be placed under Chen Shi’s control.” The subordinate took the jade seal, worried. “My lord, you’re not returning to Xianyang and are instead directly moving against Qi. I fear there will be criticism at court—” “Since when have I feared criticism? Besides, I already have my own plans. Right now is the best chance to destroy Qi. We cannot miss it.” In Xianyang, news of the victory had also arrived. A general rushed in happily with the jade seal to report, “A great victory on the Chu front! Lord Wu’an has killed the King of Chu at the Huainan border. Congratulations, Your Majesty—Chu has now been incorporated into the territory of Great Qin!” The assembled officials were overjoyed. “Chu has been destroyed?” “Heaven bless Great Qin!” “Lord Wu’an truly is a godlike general. Chu was second only to Qin in strength.” “We thought it would take at least three years to destroy Chu, yet Zhao Ji did it in just one.” Ying Zheng asked, “When will Lord Wu’an return to court? And why have there been no reports from Wang Jian and Huan Yi?” “Your Majesty, Lord Wu’an has already led the army straight toward Qi, so for now he has no plans to return.” The officials immediately erupted in an uproar. “What? The army didn’t even stop to regroup and is going straight to attack Qi? This is reckless!” “Even if Your Majesty gave him command of all forces, he can’t act this arbitrarily!” “To attack two states in succession? Dream on!” Qin Chancellor Wang Guan was the first to step forward and question Zhao Ji’s actions. “Your Majesty, please immediately issue an order to recall Lord Wu’an. The three armies only just joined forces to attack Chu; now supplies and weapons are insufficient, and the troops are exhausted. This is absolutely not the right time to attack Qi.” Li Si also spoke in opposition. “Lord Wu’an’s move is far too rash. It is hard to rule out the possibility that he is driven by a desire for personal merit.” Chunyu Yue seized the chance to add fuel to the fire. “If this attack on Qi fails, Great Qin’s national strength will surely be badly damaged. Then attacking Qi in the future will become even more distant a prospect. Lord Wu’an is clearly pursuing personal gain without regard for the state of Great Qin.” Meng Wu did not think so. “That boy Zhao Ji has never been impulsive. Han Fei, hurry and think of something. Zhao Ji’s already been smeared from head to toe.” Hearing this, Han Fei stroked his beard and told General Meng to stay calm. “Even if you’re anxious, you still have to let me think. No matter how you look at it, this truly is not a good opportunity to attack Qi. But Young Master Ji never acts recklessly. He must have his own reasons. We just can’t see through them yet.” Meng Wu was so anxious he tugged at his ears and hair. “Isn’t that just nonsense? Right now nobody supports that boy Zhao Ji. If His Majesty is persuaded, then no matter how reasonable Zhao Ji is, it’ll be useless. In a moment, he’ll be ordered to hand over military command and return to court. So the one who decides this is His Majesty, not us.” The anti-Zhao Ji faction immediately pleaded, “Your Majesty, please put the state first and order Lord Wu’an to return.” Meng Wu was beside himself. “Think of something! Even if you have to make something up, make up a reason not to recall Zhao Ji!” Han Fei was helpless at old Meng Wu’s words. “This isn’t something you can just invent. At this point, we can only rely on His Majesty’s decision.” After thinking for a while, Ying Zheng finally spoke. “My lords are not without reason. Though Great Qin is strong, after years of warfare we cannot endlessly wage war on two states in succession.” Han Fei grew deeply worried. Could it be that His Majesty was leaning toward withdrawing the troops? As expected, even valuing his son could not compare to valuing the realm. How could he persuade His Majesty now? “My lords, how much grain and how many trebuchets can Great Qin currently provide to the frontline army?” “Your Majesty, if the whole nation exerts itself, we can supply the frontline with the necessary military provisions for two years.” Ying Zheng immediately rose and ordered, “Good. Then mobilize the strength of the entire nation. Gather grain and send it to the Qi front. Ensure that Lord Wu’an has no worries when attacking Qi.” The old ministers below were stunned. “What?” “Your Majesty, if Lord Wu’an fails to take Qi, or if Great Qin suddenly faces disaster, this move will damage the very foundation of the state!” “Lord Wu’an needed only one year to defeat Chu. Tiny Qi is nothing. Besides, I trust the judgment of the Marquis of Wu’an, and I trust that Heaven favors Great Qin.” Chunyu Yue was furious. “Your Majesty trusts Lord Wu’an too much! You would even gamble the nation’s foundation. And if this all goes wrong, it will only be because you indulged him beyond measure!” Ying Zheng’s killing intent now flared. “Lord Chunyu speaks of the nation’s foundation in every sentence. Such great loyalty indeed. In the past, you always preached rites and propriety. But now you dare be so insolent—do you not find that improper?” “I would never dare. I am only loyal to Great Qin, and I hope Your Majesty will employ the worthy and rule wisely under Heaven. If this time Your Majesty ignores the counsel of the ministers and insists on risking Great Qin, then I fear Your Majesty will lose the hearts of the people. You will be unable to stand among the multitude or beneath Heaven.” “Lord Chunyu, such treasonous words must not be spoken!” “Your Majesty, Lord Chunyu merely misspoke in the heat of the moment.” “Chunyu Yue, are your words not tantamount to forcing the palace? Are you saying I have become a foolish ruler who elevates family over talent?” As he spoke, Ying Zheng pulled the hairpin from his head. “Fine. Lord Chunyu is quite right. So what of it? I will stake my realm on Lord Wu’an’s smooth conquest of Qi. If this decision of mine harms Great Qin’s state, then I will willingly abdicate. Whoever has the ability may take the throne.” “Wang Guan, gather the grain at once and send it to Qi. Meng Wu, await orders to reinforce Lord Wu’an.” “This subject understands.” “Do any of my lords still have objections?” “We humbly obey Your Majesty’s decree.” “Court dismissed.” At that moment, the officials crowded around Chunyu Yue to ask after him. “Lord Chunyu, are you all right?” “Why go this far?” “Even if you wanted to remonstrate, you shouldn’t have enraged royal authority—” While the officials worried over him, inwardly he was overjoyed. “It worked! Hahaha! Provoking the king this time was not in vain, even if I had to risk my life. Young Master Fusu, just wait. Once Zhao Ji’s attack on Qi exhausts all the grain, that will be the moment His Majesty abdicates. Then the world of Great Qin will be yours.” “Hahaha, it worked, it worked!” Han Fei found the sight more and more disgusting. “He really is a mad old man.” Meng Wu, however, was still worried. “I never thought His Majesty would go this far for that boy Zhao Ji. But what if—” Han Fei cut him off. “His Majesty is simply like us—he believes in Young Master Ji’s ability. Besides, do you really think His Majesty would truly hand the throne to someone else? He said whoever is capable may sit on it. Even if the attack on Qi does not go smoothly, tell me—who in this world could compare with Young Master Ji? Just wait. The next time Young Master Ji returns to court will be the moment that decides the fate of the realm.” At Zhao Ji’s camp on the border, “Youngster Zhao Ji, what kind of medicine are you hiding in that gourd of yours? Have you gone mad? You just took Chu and then sent troops against Qi. Today you owe me an explanation. Even if the soldiers don’t need rest, do you know how much grain and how many trebuchets we have left?” “Of course I know. The provisions of the three armies can probably last about ten more days. And precisely because the soldiers are exhausted, I have only ordered harassment of Qi for now and not yet launched an attack.” “Youngster Zhao Ji, with our army pressing their borders, if we don’t attack, we’ll only raise Qi’s morale. But if we do attack, our matériel truly is insufficient.” Zhao Ji only said eight words: “Don’t worry, I know my limits.” According to what Zhao Ji knew, in the wars of unification in history, Qi was the only state that willingly surrendered to Qin. Faced with Qin’s rise, they had no way out. All he needed to do was help the King of Qi see reality clearly. Of course, he truly could not explain such things to everyone, including Ying Zheng. He could only let them wait for the result. “Within seven days, Qi will definitely surrender.” Within Qi territory, Zhang Han galloped forward while shouting, “I am an envoy of Qin! I wish to see the King of Qi!” “An envoy of Qin? Zhang Han, was it? Qin actually sent a military officer as an envoy—and he even entered the hall in armor. What disrespect.” Zhang Han sneered. “Heh. This foreign subject greets the King of Qi.” The King of Qi trembled and stammered, “Rise, rise. I wonder what matter has brought the envoy of Qin here this time?” “You know very well, yet you still ask. Great Qin’s Lord Wu’an has already conquered Chu. Now under Heaven only Qin and Qi remain. I wonder what the King of Qi intends to do.” The King of Qi forced a smile. “This concerns all under Heaven, so naturally I have given it thought. I have a proposal here. I ask the envoy to deliver it to the King of Qin.” Zhang Han took the proposal and looked at it. He thought, Could this be a letter of surrender? Is the King of Qi really this sensible? “The world shall be divided in two: Qin shall be Emperor of the West, Qi Emperor of the East. The two states shall remain forever friendly and never go to war. This is Qi’s proposal.” “You—” Qi’s chancellor Hou Sheng hurriedly said, “Is there something wrong? Back in the time of King Zhaoxiang of Qin, Qin and our Great Qi once agreed to proclaim themselves emperors together. To this day, Great Qi and Qin remain friendly states. Not to mention that, out of regard for our friendship with Qin, Great Qi has never sent troops to aid the other states. Even our king’s younger sister is the birth mother of Qin’s Young Master Huhai.” Zhang Han burst into mocking laughter. “Hahaha! How ridiculous! A tiny state like Qi still dreams of standing alongside Great Qin under Heaven?” The old chancellor of Qi flew into a rage. “How rude! You are nothing but a minor envoy, yet you dare mock the king’s decision?” Zhang Han immediately crushed the proposal into pieces and slapped it aside. “This trash is unworthy even to dirty my king’s eyes. Does no one in Qi have a brain?” The old man was so furious he could barely stand, and the officials behind him hurriedly caught him. “You of Qi did not aid the other states because you were cowardly and weak. That suited Great Qin just fine. Now the world is about to be unified. Lord Wu’an only halted the army at Qi’s border out of consideration for Young Master Huhai’s birth mother. Now Lord Wu’an has already led the three armies of Qin to encamp in Qi territory. Flattening Qi would take no more than a turn of the hand. But out of regard for the long friendship between Qi and Great Qin, Lord Wu’an sent me to deliver this message to the King of Qi: if Qi does not surrender within seven days, then we will attack by force.” The King of Qi was terrified. “Envoy of Qin—no, no... is there really no other choice?” Zhang Han only gave a cold, smug smile. “Your Majesty may judge for yourself.” The scene shifted to the main Qin camp. At this moment, the grain and trebuchets had already arrived. “General Xin, you’ve had a hard journey.” “The grain is here! The grain from Xianyang is here!” “General Xin, I did not request the court to send grain. This is...” He immediately replied, “His Majesty knew Lord Wu’an intended to attack Qi, so he used the strength of the entire nation to gather grain and trebuchets. His Majesty told me to bring you this message: you are to command the army without worry.” Hearing this, Zhao Ji fell silent in thought. The phrase “using the strength of the entire nation” sounded so light. Yet this attack on Qi had not been an immediate necessity—how could the entire civil and military court possibly have supported it? It would already be fortunate if only a few had risked death to oppose it. The young man then asked, “General Xin, don’t hide it from me. How could His Majesty possibly have persuaded the whole court?” “Well... His Majesty staked the realm on it. He said that if anything went wrong, he would abdicate the throne. Whoever had the ability could take it.” Hearing this, even Zhao Ji was stunned. “What? I never imagined His Majesty could trust me to this extent. I, Zhao Ji, can never repay such grace.” Xin Sheng thought silently to himself, His Majesty is showing a father’s love, protecting his son, Young Master Ji. Zhao Ji did not waste more words. He cupped his hands and said to General Xin, “Please arrange the grain supplies. I still need to prepare for the attack on Qi, so I’ll take my leave first.” Returning to his tent, Zhao Ji immediately summoned Dun Ruo. “Rise. I have something to ask you. Has there been any unusual movement in Xianyang lately? Especially from that son of the lady of Qi—Huhai.” Dun Ruo replied, “No intelligence reports have come in.” “Good. Ying Zheng has gone all out and gathered enough food for me from across the entire country. With your wits, you should be able to guess what that means. Now Great Qin’s national strength has been strained, and the three armies are exhausted. If Qi learns of this, I fear they may develop the will to resist.” “My lord, do you think Huhai might collude with Qi? Should this subordinate strengthen surveillance on him?” In history, Huhai usurped the throne, but he had never colluded with Qi. Yet this time Ying Zheng had gambled the realm itself, so it was hard to avoid Huhai developing other ambitions. Zhao Ji said, “No need. But we do need to give the King of Qi a little extra stimulus. This is my gift to the King of Qi. Go make the arrangements.” “This subordinate will do it at once.” After arranging everything, Zhao Ji opened the system. “Settle the experience gained from killing enemies.” Ding! “Processing host command. Congratulations. The host’s army has killed 235,474 enemies. You have received 78,491 experience points. Congratulations, host, you have reached the required experience to level up. Would you like to level up?” “Level me up.” As expected, the Ren and Du meridians had already opened, but only by breaking through could he reach the peak of the Xiantian Realm, Level 19. “Ninth layer of the Xiantian Realm—I must reach it.” “Congratulations, host, on successfully breaking through to Level 19, Ninth Layer of the Xiantian Realm. To advance to Level 20 requires 42,891 experience points.” “42,891 experience points? Destroying one more state should be enough.” “But if the King of Qi surrenders, then my experience gains will drop sharply. I still need to think of a way to kill him personally. Continue settling rewards.” “Congratulations, host. For killing Li Yuan’s faction members of Chu, you have received 800 experience points and one bottle of Qi-Boosting Pills. Congratulations, host. For killing the King of Chu, you have received 1,000 experience points and a mid-grade Profound-rank martial skill: Condensed Qi Finger Technique. The Condensed Qi Finger Technique can condense true qi at the fingertips and, in an instant, release it to kill invisibly.” Zhao Ji smiled in satisfaction. “This martial skill came at the perfect time. I was just worrying about how to kill the King of Qi without anyone noticing.” “Learn it immediately, and use upgrade points at the same time to raise martial comprehension to perfection.” Ding! “Processing command for Condensed Qi Finger Technique. Learning complete. Condensed Qi Finger Technique has reached perfection.” “With an object in hand, one may injure others, and the finger force carries immense power. With no object, one can kill invisibly with finger qi. Hundreds of millions of strands of finger qi can unleash one’s full strength.” Zhao Ji immediately tested the power of this ultimate technique. “Invisible finger qi that kills without a trace— this King of Qi is finished.” At this moment, in Qi’s council hall, “We cannot surrender! Great Qi must not surrender!” “Enough, old chancellor. If we do not surrender, how is Great Qi supposed to stand against the iron cavalry of violent Qin? Earlier, when Yan sent envoys asking for aid, if we had sent troops in time to save our allied states, we would not now be standing alone like this.” “Wasn’t it because you strongly opposed it that Great Qi has no choice left today? If we had sent troops to aid Chu, wouldn’t that have handed Qin a direct excuse to attack Qi? Since they are still willing to negotiate, that proves the matter can still be changed. Supreme General, what do you think?” The general, Tian Ping—descendant of Tian Ji—also spoke at this moment. “Qin only just conquered Chu and has already turned its armies against our Great Qi. Their soldiers are weary, their horses exhausted, and they also lack grain and trebuchets. That will certainly affect their strategy. Besides, they have only encircled our borders so far and have not attacked, which already says a great deal.” “Lord Tian, do you mean that if we swear to resist to the death, Qin will be unable to do anything to us?” “This subject is not certain. After all, the one leading the army is Qin’s Lord Wu’an, Zhao Ji.” The King of Qi furiously shouted, “If you’re not sure, why say it to me at all? Do you take my altars of state and my realm as toys?” Just then, a subordinate rushed in and reported in panic, “Your Majesty, the Qin army at the front has made a move! Scouts report that today grain has already been delivered to the Qin camp. The Qin army stationed at the border is now able to attack the city.” The King of Qi was utterly shaken. “What? Weren’t we told they didn’t have enough grain, and that their troops were exhausted and unable to march?” The chancellor hurried to reassure him. “Your Majesty, calm yourself. Perhaps the Qin army is only bluffing.” He had barely finished speaking when Dun Ruo’s voice sounded from outside. “King of Qi, Lord Wu’an of Great Qin has ordered me to present you with a gift. Please accept it.” The King of Qi and the others panicked. “Who—who is there?” “Accept the gift.” “Ahhh! A head—a human head!” “This is the head of one of Qi’s border defense generals. Lord Wu’an said the King of Qi has an indecisive temperament, so before Qi surrenders to Qin, one head from the defenders near Linzi will be delivered each day. After seven days, if you still do not surrender, then the King of Qi’s own head can be taken directly.” The King of Qi was horrified and collapsed from his seat. “I surrender! I surrender to Qin! I surrender—surrender!” Perched in a tree, even Dun Ruo was speechless. “And this is supposed to be a king? He couldn’t even take this much.” Back on Zhao Ji’s side, the two senior generals were extremely anxious. “Youngster Zhao Ji!” “Lord Wu’an! My lord, it’s already been seven days—send the troops!” “That’s right! His Majesty has already sent the grain. If we still don’t attack, the soldiers’ morale will be worn away.” “Generals, stay calm. Wait at most half a day more. Linzi will definitely send someone. If we can win without fighting, why bother moving troops?” “Half a day? Really?” At that moment, Zhang Han had also returned. “My lord, this general Zhang Han has returned from Linzi under orders and now reports back.” “You’re back? Well? Is that King of Qi willing to surrender?” Zhang Han grinned. “It worked. That King of Qi is a complete coward. He couldn’t even withstand the congratulatory gift of that severed head—he was so frightened he immediately agreed to surrender to Qin.” The two old generals shouted in joy as well, “It worked! The King of Qi really surrendered just like that!” But what is that “gift of a severed head” supposed to mean? Zhao Ji burst out laughing. “Hahaha! Explaining that gift of a severed head would take too long. Our two supreme generals should immediately marshal the troops and prepare to take over Qi territory.” “Right, right, right, take over Qi territory, take over Qi territory!” “Hahaha, our Great Qin has unified the realm!” Zhao Ji then gave his orders. “Zhang Han, send news of the victory to Xianyang. Also, order the grain to be sent back to Xianyang at once. There must be no delay.” “Your subordinate understands.” At this moment, cries rang out endlessly throughout Qi: “Qi has submitted to Qin! Open the city gates and let the Qin army enter!” Zhao Ji immediately led the Great Qin army into the city. The three hundred thousand defenders of Muo City accepted the decree and surrendered to the Marquis of Wu'an. “Great Qin respectfully requests the Marquis of Wu'an to accept our surrender.” “I permit it. Accept the surrender of the army, and none are to be mistreated. This is the first city of Qi I have entered. Once my feet step into Linzi, the division of Huaxia can finally come to an end.” The Qi soldiers kept shouting, “Many thanks for the great grace of the Marquis of Wu'an! Many thanks for the great grace of the Marquis of Wu'an!” Back in Xianyang, Zhao Ji’s haters were still chattering away. “This minister urgently begs Your Majesty to recall the Marquis of Wu'an at once. Do not raise troops in vain and damage the foundations of the state.” “What, after just a little over a month, you can’t endure it anymore? I have already said that no matter what happens, I will support the Marquis of Wu'an in waging war to destroy Qi. If anything goes wrong, I will bear it.” “This old minister knows that Your Majesty intends to pacify all under Heaven, but the treasury truly is strained. There is no more grain left to dispatch. We can only beg Your Majesty to temporarily halt the plan to attack Qi. Inside the passes, even the granaries of Shu are empty. If taxes are raised again, it will be no different from forcing the people of Great Qin into rebellion. Would that not be acting against Heaven’s will, Your Majesty?” “Chunyu Yue, how dare you! What do you mean by ‘against Heaven’s will’? When has His Majesty ever done anything tyrannical? When did His Majesty say he wanted to raise taxes? When have the people of Great Qin rebelled?” Ying Zheng already understood these old foxes far too well. With one phrase about “thinking for the safety of the state,” they painted him as cruel and unrighteous. What sophistry. “Chunyu Yue acts so aggressively only because he wants to use this chance to push Fusu onto the throne. As a subject, instead of putting the state first, you deserve death, Chunyu Yue.” “Urgent report! Urgent report! Great victory in Qi! Your Majesty, a great victory in Qi!” “The Marquis of Wu'an did not waste a single soldier. In seven days, he forced the King of Qi to surrender. Qi has already submitted to our Great Qin. In addition, by the Marquis of Wu'an’s order, the grain sent to support the Qi campaign has been redirected back to Xianyang.” The stunned ministers cried out, “What?” Ying Zheng was overjoyed. “Quickly, quickly, present the victory report to me.” “Your subject Zhao Ji raised troops northward. Outwardly, it was a forceful attack, but in truth it was a feigned assault meant to create the threat of Qi’s destruction. Now, under the might of Great Qin, all of Qi has submitted. The King of Qi has already sent a letter of surrender and allegiance. Before long, this subject will arrive in Linzi to formally accept the surrender.” “Congratulations, Your Majesty. The Central Plains are now settled; Great Qin has unified them.” “Excellent, excellent! What a Marquis of Wu'an, what a Zhao Ji! He truly did not disappoint me. My good son destroyed two states at once—who in all history has ever done such a thing? My lords, Qi has fallen, and all under Heaven is settled. Yan and Huang are united at last. The wish of generations of Qin ancestors has been fulfilled in my hands.” The ministers could not contain their joy. “Unified, unified at last! The fractured six directions have now returned to Qin. It is all true! Congratulations, Your Majesty, on pacifying the rivers and mountains and holding the lands of all under Heaven. Huaxia is unified! Your Majesty is the foremost emperor in all eternity!” Ying Zheng laughed heartily. “Hahaha! Splendid, splendid!” “The Marquis of Wu'an forced Qi to surrender to Qin without bloodshed, bringing unity under Heaven. The grain and the catapults sent earlier have also been transported back to Xianyang. Great Qin’s internal crisis has been resolved. I am very pleased, very pleased.” “There will be no more discussion today. Court is dismissed.” “We respectfully see Your Majesty off.” Before leaving, Ying Zheng did not forget to jab at Chunyu Yue. “The crown on my head sits quite firmly. No one but me can remove it.” On hearing this, Chunyu Yue nearly collapsed on the spot, terrified out of his wits and falling to the ground. Ying Zheng laughed in satisfaction and left. Deep down, Chunyu Yue was trembling. “So His Majesty knew my scheme from the very beginning. Could it be that I have implicated Young Master Fusu? I must act quickly.” As for Zhao Ji, the young man was now in the inner palace of Linzi, the capital of Qi, where— “By the grace of the King of Qin, the Marquis of Wu'an has bestowed peace upon Qi and spared it the flames of war. Now the King of Qi, Tian Jian, leads the entire civil and military court, together with over four hundred thousand armored soldiers and several million commoners, in surrender to Great Qin, willing to become subjects of Great Qin.” At this moment, the King of Qi held the royal seal in his hands and a jade pendant in his mouth, wearing only a pair of trousers as he slowly walked toward Zhao Ji. “I beg the Marquis of Wu'an to lead Great Qi into becoming the people of Qin.” “For the peace of all under Heaven, I accept Tian Jian’s surrender. I accept the surrender of the State of Qi.” Zhao Ji declared loudly, “On behalf of Great Qin, I accept the surrender of Qi.” “Thank you for your great grace, Marquis of Wu'an. From this day forth, there is no more State of Qi under Heaven, only Qin’s land of Qi.” “The surrender ceremony is complete. King of Qi, please rise. Men, bring him some clothes.” “Many thanks, Marquis of Wu'an. Marquis of Wu'an, after surrendering, may I still remain in Linzi?” “King of Qi, you jest. If you remained in Linzi, how could Great Qin govern the land of Qi? But rest assured, His Majesty has long since chosen an excellent fief for you. Since you voluntarily surrendered to Great Qin, His Majesty certainly will not mistreat you. As soon as you hand over the household registers, the troop rosters, and the map of Qi to me, you may depart for your fief.” Tian Jian was so delighted he nearly cried. “R-Really?” “Then I’ll go fetch everything and hand it over to the Marquis of Wu'an right now. Wait for me, wait for me.” “Very well. Sorry to trouble you, King of Qi.” The instant Tian Jian turned around and left— Zhao Ji immediately used his ultimate technique, the Condensed Qi Finger Art, and fired straight at the fatal acupoint on Tian Jian’s back. Struck by the attack, Tian Jian cried out in pain. His subordinates were alarmed. “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?” “I’m fine. It’s just that my back suddenly stabbed with pain, making me stagger half a step. Hurry and get the things. I don’t want to stay near that severed-head-killing lunatic.” Zhao Ji curled his lips, his expression icy. “The finger qi has already entered his death point. In a few days, once the true qi has fully eroded it, he will die, and it will look just like an illness. King of Qi Tian Jian, your life is mine. But no one will connect your death to me or to Qin.” Returning to old Chunyu Yue: after being utterly humiliated before, he was now determined to make a comeback. “This subject, Chunyu Yue, for the sake of Great Qin’s foundation and ten-thousand-generation legacy, dares to offer counsel. Now that all under Heaven has been settled by Great Qin, the position of Crown Prince still remains vacant, leaving the state unstable. I beg Your Majesty to establish one soon. Young Master Fusu is benevolent and virtuous, and he is also Your Majesty’s eldest son. In terms of ritual law and ability, he is the proper candidate for Crown Prince. I beg Your Majesty to appoint Young Master Fusu as Crown Prince. If Your Majesty does not hold court for a day, this subject will kneel here for a day. If Your Majesty does not appear for a month, then I will kneel for a month. This subject only wishes that Your Majesty will have a worthy heir.” How could Li Si remain seated after hearing that? “Chunyu Yue, the realm has only just been unified. His Majesty has not even raised the matter of establishing a Crown Prince yet. Must you be in such a hurry?” Enraged, Chunyu Yue shouted back, “Li Si, how insolent!” Li Si continued to run his mouth. “Besides, our Great Qin has always chosen the worthy and the virtuous. If a Crown Prince truly must be appointed, then Young Master Huhai, with his natural intelligence and striking resemblance to His Majesty, is the one most suited to be Crown Prince.” And so the war of words between the two old foxes began. The moment Chunyu Yue heard Li Si say this, he snapped back, “Young Master Fusu is famous for filial piety and benevolence; all under Heaven knows it. How can Young Master Huhai compare?” Li Si looked at Chunyu Yue and sneered inwardly. “Hmph. Fusu has offended His Majesty time and again because of you. He lost any chance of succession long ago, yet this old fool still can’t see reality.” He immediately barked back, “And what is the difference between benevolence and weakness? Great Qin conquered the world by force of arms. Young Master Fusu is not enough to secure the state.” Chunyu Yue flew into a rage and shouted, “Nonsense!” At that moment, Meng Wu also spoke up. “His Majesty is unwilling to deal with state affairs, and he won’t even attend court, yet look how lively their quarrel is.” Han Fei merely said calmly, “They are so eager to seize Great Qin’s future in their hands, yet they do not realize they are already mistaken.” “What do you think? How long does His Majesty intend to hide? Is he really just going to let them keep arguing like this?” Han Fei laughed. “Hahaha. Do you think His Majesty is only hiding away for peace and quiet? The more fiercely they quarrel, the safer Young Master Ji is. Before Young Master Ji returns, His Majesty will probably use this method to balance the court situation. This is the ruler’s art of control. We should just stay silent and wait.” While the ministers kept bickering endlessly, Ying Zheng was leisurely enjoying the scenery and feeding fish. Dun Ruo spoke anxiously, “Your Majesty is truly at ease. The front court is in chaos, yet you are here raising fish. Are you trying to drag this out?” “Ah, so you’ve come. Quick, take a look at how the fish I’m raising are doing.” “Your Majesty, do you still remember the promise you made to me? Once the realm was unified, the Crown Prince would be my lord. But why have you still not issued the decree? Are you delaying on purpose?” “I am waiting for Ji’er to return to court, and I am also balancing the interests of every side. You’ve come at just the right time. Did Ji’er send you to sound out the situation in Xianyang?” “You call it sounding out, but my lord already understands the court struggle perfectly well in his heart. That is why he was unwilling to come back and shoulder it.” “Hahaha. Ji’er is clever. Tell me, what exactly has he guessed?” Dun Ruo then repeated it all. “My lord, now that the world is settled and Qi and Chu have been stabilized, why still not return to court?” Zhao Ji then explained, “Right now, Fusu and Huhai must be fighting desperately over the position of Crown Prince. That’s exactly why I’m not going back.” “With your merits, my lord, if you return to court, you will certainly be enfeoffed as a king or marquis ruling one region. Why fear Fusu and Huhai?” “Hahaha, a king or marquis? I am already a Chehou. There is nothing left to bestow. Besides, now that the world is settled, the hereditary military merit system and the enfeoffment system have already reached their limit. If I return, there will be no benefit for me. If His Majesty wants to truly control the realm, the first thing he must do is implement the commandery and county system, dividing all under Heaven into commanderies and counties.” “My title of Chehou will become just a name. But even so, if I return to Xianyang, I will become someone both Fusu and Huhai try to win over. Too troublesome.” Ying Zheng smiled in satisfaction. “Ji’er guessed that I intend to establish the commandery and county system. Ji’er is not only my son, he is also my kindred spirit.” “My lord has been calculating the gains and losses, which is why he refused to return to Xianyang. If Your Majesty truly wishes to entrust the realm to him, then quickly give my lord his proper status.” “Mm, let me think on it. But this realm will definitely belong to Ji’er.” Dun Ruo fell silent, recalling the words Zhao Ji had once spoken. “Dun Ruo, though the realm has now been unified, the expansion of the Shadow Guards’ power cannot be delayed. Once the turmoil in Xianyang is settled, I will ask Ying Zheng for permission to guard the frontier. By then, I will still hold a great army and control intelligence throughout the realm. I do not want Ying Zheng’s empire, but that does not mean I am not the king of this Great Qin. Perhaps because he does not know his own identity, my lord has no interest in the throne or in ruling all under Heaven. The only one he truly recognizes is His Majesty alone. Your Majesty, if you are wise, then you will certainly keep your promise. If not, then Qin’s second generation will inevitably perish at Zhao Ji’s hands.” At this moment, the young man was incredibly relaxed. “Days without war really are peaceful. How long has it been since I’ve been this idle? Judging by the time, Tian Jian has already been exiled to Yongcheng for a while now. He should be dead by now, shouldn’t he?” Ding. “Congratulations, Host, for using the Condensed Qi Finger Art to kill Tian Jian, ruler of Qi.” “Good, good. Just what I was thinking of. Settle the rewards immediately.” Ding. “Processing order: Host killed the ruler of Qi. Reward: one thousand experience points. Reward: an improved farming-tool blueprint. Congratulations, Host, for assisting Qin in killing the rulers of all six states and completing a hidden mission. Reward: one Mysterious-Rank Yang chest.” “I guessed right— if I destroyed the six states and killed the rulers of the six states, there really would be a surprise. Open the Yang chest immediately.” Ding. “Processing order: Host opens Mysterious-Rank Yang chest.” “Congratulations, Host, for obtaining one detailed world map of this era and one thousand mid-grade spirit stones. Opening Mysterious-Rank Yang chest— congratulations, Host, for obtaining one chance to open a random world instance. High-yield crop: sweet potatoes. High-yield crop: potatoes.” “Damn, damn, that’s a huge profit. Open the detailed world map of this era. Hahaha! Donghu, Xiongnu, Baiyue, Rome, Peacock Empire—outside the Six Directions, there are so many foreign races as well, all waiting for me to conquer them. Killing System, the road of slaughtering gods is only just beginning to operate. Once I control the Central Plains, the first thing I will do is train an invincible army of slaughter that belongs to me and unify this world. That will bring endless experience. Sweet potatoes and potatoes, these two high-yield crops, are the capital for my conquests. And the spiritual energy in mid-grade spirit stones is ten times richer than that of low-grade spirit stones. But the thing I care about most is this: a chance to open a random world instance. So I guessed right again—besides this world, other worlds really do exist. And they are very likely higher-level worlds. Becoming a god through killing— it was never that I was overthinking things. It’s just that now still isn’t the time for me to open it. Let’s wait another month. One month should be enough for me to break through to peak Xiantian Realm, level twenty. Then I’ll return to Xianyang. Using defense against foreign tribes as the reason, I’ll ask Ying Zheng to let me guard the frontier. What Ying Zheng cares about most is the threat of foreign tribes on the borders; otherwise he would not build the Great Wall. He will definitely agree to my request. Once I reach the frontier, it will be time for me to display my skills once more.” In the blink of an eye, some time passed, and Zhao Ji had arrived in Xianyang. “Father, Father, hug Father!” “We thought Father didn’t want us anymore.” “Aiya, we wrote so many letters to Father, and Father ignored them all.” “That’s right. Grandfather was in such a hurry, but Father still wouldn’t listen to Grandfather.” “Uh, Father was too busy.” “I sent Feng Quji and Feng Jie to help you. Qi and Chu had long since been pacified. Don’t think I don’t know—your bratty self was simply so carried away you forgot to come home. I told the outside world I was ill, yet you didn’t even ask after me. Truly improper. If I hadn’t used Ji’er and Xi’er as bait, who knows how long I’d have had to keep luring you back.” “Hehe, Your Majesty, all the pills I made were left with you. You said you were sick—who would believe that? Besides, if there truly had been urgent matters in court, a single decree from you would have been enough. Why go to the trouble of writing letters?” The young man frowned helplessly. “If the Marquis of Wu'an doesn’t return, then I won’t hold court. I wrote those letters just to see how many excuses he could come up with to refuse me.” Yet even he could not hold out forever. Who would have thought that this First Emperor for the ages could be so stubborn? Still, it truly was impossible to endure any longer. Who could have imagined that the emperor of this era could be this obstinate? Ying Zheng then said, “I did not issue a decree because I did not wish to force you. But I truly did urge you to return because there is an urgent matter.” “Please instruct me, Your Majesty.” “I want to implement the commandery and county system. But there are too many fools in court, and I truly do not wish to waste my breath on those old conservatives. Nor do I wish to confront the court in an overly rigid manner. I heard that you are also rather supportive of the commandery and county system, so I order you to teach those blocks of rotten wood a lesson in court and help push the new policy forward. Well? You object?” “Your subject accepts the command.” Ying Zheng wanted to make him the standard-bearer for the commandery and county system, but how did he know Zhao Ji supported it? Was it the Black Ice Terrace, or was there a spy at Zhao Ji’s side? Under the abolition of enfeoffment, the ones who benefited most were those with military merit and the royal clan. Now the greatest holder of military merit in Great Qin was himself. Ying Zheng using him to abolish the enfeoffment system was the safest approach. As for what Ying Zheng had just said, it was probably only an excuse; whether Zhao Ji supported the commandery and county system or not likely had little to do with it. Truly calculating and crafty. But since it suited his own intentions, he would go on Ying Zheng’s behalf and crush the arrogance of those court officials. Ying Zheng watched the departing figure of his favored son. He smiled in satisfaction. “Ji’er, as your father, I want to see you personally open this new chapter of Great Qin.” “We ministers respectfully wish Your Majesty eternal health and blessings for ten thousand years.” “My lords, rise. I have been bedridden with illness for many days. Has there been any important matter in court?” “Reporting to Your Majesty: some days ago, Your Majesty proposed using the commandery and county system to replace the enfeoffment system. This old minister believes that improper. The enfeoffment system is the very foundation on which our Great Qin was established. It is even more the root of Qin law created by Lord Shang. If the enfeoffment system is abolished so rashly, what is to become of Great Qin’s military merit system?” Zhao Ji looked at the old man in disgust. Straight to the main issue, as expected. Fair enough—old ministers like these hated overturning ancestral institutions the most. The man continued prattling on: “Now that the great unification has only just been completed, the enfeoffment system remains the core incentive of our Qin laws. It absolutely must not be abolished and wound the hearts of our soldiers.” The old conservatives all chimed in as well. “We ministers share the same view.” Zhao Ji immediately rebutted, “Reporting to Your Majesty, this subject has a different opinion. If Great Qin wishes to enjoy everlasting peace, then the enfeoffment system must be abolished at once and the commandery and county system implemented. The commandery and county system is the true foundation of Great Qin.” The old fogies shouted at once, “Marquis of Wu'an, are you questioning Lord Shang’s wisdom? No, absolutely not! The enfeoffment system has been handed down from ancient times—how can it be abolished just because you say so? Touch one part of the state’s foundation and the whole body moves. The Marquis of Wu'an’s military merit may be outstanding, but he understands nothing about court affairs. How can any new policy be carried out just because you feel like it? Stop taking things for granted. Do you think the foundations of the state are some toy for everyone’s amusement? A mere martial brute should stop humiliating himself in court.” At this moment, Zhao Ji’s expression turned ice-cold, killing intent surging from him. “All of you, shut your mouths for this lord! Since when has Great Qin’s court become a marketplace? You are subjects of Great Qin, yet you behave with such disrespect, as if the king were beneath your notice!” Ying Zheng inwardly praised him. “Good boy. So imposing. Not lacking the bearing of a king at all.” The young man immediately set them straight. "The enfeoffment system is an ancient method passed down from antiquity. Is it still suitable now? How did the six states of Huaxia come to be? Do you really not know that it was because the Zhou dynasty once ruled the realm through enfeoffment? The feudal lords in every region carved up the land, and in the end the states ceased to respect the Son of Heaven, and the realm fell into disorder. You narrow-minded fools—do you want our Great Qin to become another Zhou in the future? Ha! You've all studied books, so how can you not understand the danger in this? You're only thinking of immediate gain. Have you ever cared about the fate of Great Qin at all?" Fusu, furious, rushed forward and grabbed Zhao Ji by the collar as he cursed, "Even if the enfeoffment system has its flaws, how can Qin law be changed just like that? The military merit system of Great Qin is what inspires the officers and soldiers. Without rewards through military merit, how are ministers and generals supposed to fight for Father King with conviction? Do you want to throw the whole army into chaos? Your heart is truly wicked!" Zhao Ji could not even be bothered to argue. He seized Fusu's arm tightly. "Ow, ow! That hurts! Let go, let go! Marquis of Wu'an, what are you doing? Release Young Master Fusu at once!" "Fine. Take him back." "What a useless, ignorant waste! For His Majesty to have a son like you is truly his misfortune—and Great Qin's misfortune!" "Zhao Ji, how dare you insult the eldest young master like that? You—you deserve death!" "Zhao Ji, you are far too arrogant!" "I, Fusu, will kill you, Zhao Ji!" "You'll kill me? With you?" Zhao Ji sneered. "I am the Marquis of Wu'an of Great Qin, holder of Qin's military power. Other than relying on the King's bloodline, you are nothing. The commandery-county system is His Majesty's will. As subjects of the King, everything we have was given by Great Qin. Coercing your sovereign is disloyalty. Forcing through an outdated enfeoffment system unsuited to the times and bringing chaos upon Great Qin is unrighteousness. I, Zhao Ji, have slaughtered across battlefields and unified the descendants of Yan and Huang. Now that I can no longer raise my blade against my own people, and the six directions are at last united, you still dare dream of throwing these mountains and rivers back into division? Then you deserve to die. Fusu, you say that if we do not establish enfeoffment, the ministers and soldiers will be disheartened. Then let me ask you: who has the greatest merit in Great Qin today?" "O-of course it's you, Zhao Ji." "If we followed the enfeoffment system, what reward would I receive?" Fusu hesitated and answered, "Of course..." Meng Wu immediately roared in a righteous voice, "Under the enfeoffment system, with the Marquis of Wu'an's merit, he should be crowned king! The Marquis of Wu'an is willing to give up enfeoffment for the sake of Great Qin's state and realm. What grounds do the imperial clan and noble houses have to object? Do they think their achievements surpass his?" Zhao Ji then turned to the generals and asked, "My fellow generals, I wish to abolish the enfeoffment system. Do you support it?" "The Marquis of Wu'an speaks for Great Qin's legacy for ten thousand generations, so that the people of Yan and Huang will never again be split apart. We ministers support abandoning the enfeoffment system in exchange for eternal stability of the realm." "Did you hear that? The supreme generals who command Qin's armies all agree to abolish enfeoffment. For the sake of Great Qin, I can even give up being enfeoffed as king. What more do you have to say?" "Zhao Ji, you reckless brute, how dare you! You have no regard for ritual or law, no regard for ritual or law!" Zhao Ji's blood boiled. He charged forward and lifted old Chunyu Yue straight into the air. "Ritual and law? Your rituals and laws could not win Qin's unification—but my sword could! Ah! Zhao Ji, you insolent—" "For stubborn old Confucians like you, if reason cannot be spoken— then I have never needed to say much." With that, the young man hurled the old man out of the main hall. "I offered courtesy before force. Does anyone else have objections? I, Zhao Ji, am loyal to His Majesty and loyal to Great Qin. If anyone refuses His Majesty's will, then speak to the sword in my hand! Your Majesty, in my opinion, the enfeoffment system is a relic of ancient times. For the sake of Great Qin's inheritance for ten thousand generations, it must never be used." "We ministers also agree." "Hahaha! If all the civil and military officials of the court believe the enfeoffment system should be abolished, then I shall naturally follow the will of everyone. Pass my decree: from today onward, throughout Great Qin's territory, the commandery-county system shall replace it. Court dismissed!" "Hahaha! We respectfully send off Your Majesty. Your Majesty is wise!" "Lord Chunyu, are you all right?" "I'm fine, but Your Majesty, how can you indulge such a brute? Where does that leave Young Master Fusu?" "Hahaha, satisfying, truly satisfying. I've wanted to curse those rotten scholars for a long time. All day they're full of schemes, and their words sound nice, but they're utterly disgusting." Zhao Ji sighed. "I feel ashamed. All of you supreme generals possess world-shaking merits, yet because you supported my proposal, you gave up your chance to be crowned kings and made great nobles. That leaves my heart in turmoil." "Marquis of Wu'an, by saying that, aren't you looking down on us too much? If you can bear it, do you think we cannot? As generals of Great Qin, of course our first duty is loyalty to Great Qin. We go to battle and kill the enemy, helping His Majesty unify the realm, not for titles of kingship. Marquis of Wu'an, we may not be your equals, but our willingness to follow you is real. And this time, our support for the commandery-county system also comes from the bottom of our hearts." "Then it is I, Zhao Ji, who was shallow." Just then, a eunuch appeared with a decree. "Marquis of Wu'an, His Majesty invites you to the inner palace for a private audience." "Very well. I'll go at once." The group of supreme generals watched him leave. Huang Qi anxiously asked, "Old Meng, could this be... could this be..." "Heh, heh, keep your voice down. What do you mean 'could it be'? Don't you remember what His Majesty said? Exactly, exactly—after the unification..." "Ah, yes, yes, yes. Perhaps the time has come." From behind them, Tu Sui watched, puzzled. "The time has come? For what? Could it be that the King of Qin is plotting something against my lord?" In his own chamber, Ying Zheng was taking deep breaths, gathering his courage. "Your Majesty, the Marquis of Wu'an has arrived." "Good. Let him in." "I wonder why Your Majesty summoned this subject?" "Kid Ji, come here and look at this map of the former seven states. I remember when you first entered Xianyang, I dragged you here to see it. Though many years have passed, it feels like yesterday. Just as you once said, the realm is now settled, and the descendants of Yan and Huang are united. Since ancient times, every division of the realm has had its root in the enfeoffment system. And now, I have cut off this source of disaster. Kid Ji, you are the sharp sword in my hand." "Heh, Your Majesty praises me too highly." "I do not. Today's court debate was not only for the sake of implementing the commandery-county system. I also wanted to hear your true thoughts." "Zhao Ji bears the realm in his heart and sees farther than others. In breadth of vision, ancient and modern, you stand among the finest men alive. I trust you." "Your Majesty calls me a hero among men; I am ashamed. I am but a martial man. In an age of peace and prosperity, I truly have no place to use my abilities. I am willing to continue using flesh and blood to defend Great Qin's peace." Ying Zheng frowned in confusion. "Now that all under heaven belongs to Qin and war is no more, what do you mean by that?" Zhao Ji said, "Though the realm is united, Great Qin's dangers still remain. I hope Your Majesty will permit me to take command at the northern frontier and guard one region." Ying Zheng grew even more bewildered. "This boy wants to go to the northern frontier to attack the foreign tribes? Could it be... Kid Ji, are you afraid that I am the sort of man who casts aside the bowl after eating the porridge? Do you want frontier troops to protect yourself?" "How could Your Majesty be that kind of man? But my request to station troops at the border really does contain some thought of self-preservation. Not because I fear Your Majesty, but because I do not want to remain in this chaotic court. Now that the world is at peace, I no longer have a place to prove myself. Staying here to struggle with those sinister and crafty ministers is not what I want. Besides, Your Majesty bestowed upon me the Zhanlu Sword. If it remains sheathed forever, that would truly be a pity. And now that the world is settled, it is also time for Your Majesty to establish a Crown Prince. I do not wish to be involved. To speak frankly, among Your Majesty's current sons, no matter whom you name Crown Prince, I would not admire him. So why should I remain?" "Hahaha, Kid Ji, in this world you need not admire anyone. In truth, there is something I called you here to tell you today. I have found clues about your father." Zhao Ji cried out in shock, "My father? Who is he? Where is he? I beg Your Majesty to tell me." Ying Zheng slowly stepped forward and took Zhao Ji's hand. "Before I tell you, I want to know—do you hate your father?" "Hate? When I was little, perhaps a little. But in such chaotic times, many things are beyond one's control. If he could tell me one reason why he had no choice but to abandon Mother and me, perhaps I would no longer hate him." "Ji'er, it was your father who wronged you and Afang. I do not know whether this reason is enough for you to forgive him, but I will tell you everything now. Zhao Ji, Xia Dong'er was not your mother's real name. It was a pet name she was given when she and your father fell in love. Her real name was Xia Yufang, daughter of the imperial physician Xia Wuqie." Zhao Ji froze in shock. "Daughter of Xia Wuqie? Xia Yufang? Afang... Mother was the Afang loved by Ying Zheng? Then doesn't that mean I am... No, how could that be?" "Your father and mother had known each other since childhood. Their lives were harsh, so they relied on and cared for each other. Those difficult years were, in truth, very happy. But one day, your father's clan suddenly wished to bring him back to his homeland, and everything changed. After much hardship, your father returned to his state and was informed that he would become its future king. He thought that from then on he would finally be able to protect your mother, only to be opposed by the royal clan. They believed your mother's status was too low for her to become queen. Though the chance of victory was slim, your father wanted to gamble the throne itself. But your mother was unwilling to see him lose the throne, so she left of her own accord. Ji'er, I am..." Zhao Ji shouted furiously, "Shut up! Don't say another word! You are the ruler of all under heaven—if you had wanted to see her, how could you not have found her? She was in Li Family Village, so close to you!" Ying Zheng choked with grief. "I was useless. I was incompetent. By the time I broke free of every chain and could finally search for her, I could no longer find her. I sent people throughout the warring states, and still there was no trace of her. Ji'er, I never stopped looking for her. But when I truly did find her... she had already..." He trembled. "I wronged your mother and you. So you knew who I was all along, yet only after unifying the world did you tell me. That way, you could ease the guilt in your heart and make me willingly win this empire for you and your Crown Prince. Your Majesty, you calculated this well." Ying Zheng replied, "Ji'er, this empire was originally yours. To whom else could I give it? Surprised, Zhao Ji?" "For me?" "Your grandfather left behind a secret edict. If, at the time of my death, no Crown Prince has yet been established, then Zhao Ji, as the eldest son of the Ying clan, is to be enthroned as King of Qin. Ji'er, do you know why I did not simply proclaim this to the world and bring you to the ancestral temple? I was afraid you hated me. If you truly do hate me, then take this life of mine and let me go to the Yellow Springs to apologize to Dong'er. You have not yet acknowledged your ancestry, so it would not count as patricide. Someone will naturally handle the aftermath later, so you need not worry. And this empire would still be yours." "Ying Zheng, must you go this far?" At the same time, outside Xianyang City, Tu Sui of the Marquis of Wu'an's personal guard camp was spurring his horse back in haste. Zhang Han asked, "Why are you back?" Tu Sui replied, "It's complicated. Muster all the troops. My lord was summoned into the inner palace by His Majesty." "My lord going to see His Majesty in the inner palace isn't exactly rare, is it?" "I keep feeling that something major is about to happen. Brothers, if anything happens to my lord, what should we do?" "We swear to protect my lord to the death! We swear to protect my lord to the death!" Tu Sui, with my lord's strength, could he really be in danger?" "Didn't you see how perilous that path was? I'm not afraid of what is certain—I'm afraid of the unexpected. My lord's merits are great enough to overshadow his master. There's no guarantee Ying Zheng hasn't conceived thoughts of harming him. My lord originally sought the world for himself, and only withdrew for Ying Zheng's sake. If Ying Zheng proves ungrateful, then why can't we seize this world back again?" Han Fei, sensing something was wrong, had also come galloping after them. "No wonder I felt something off about General Tu's expression in court. Good thing I arrived in time, or you were about to bring calamity upon yourselves. It's not that I'm criticizing you, but Ying Zheng had my lord step forward to push the commandery-county system and offend the court ministers, and then summoned him alone to the inner palace. Doesn't that seem suspicious?" "General Tu, after so many years beside my lord, your strategic insight has improved a great deal. The King of Qin truly does have a scheme—but that scheme is for my lord's sake. On the surface, the King used my lord as a shield, but in reality he gave my lord an opportunity. By personally cleaning up the court and establishing his authority like this, no civil official will dare oppose my lord in the future, and the military officers will follow him with true sincerity. The King of Qin wants my lord to become a ruler capable of standing over all under heaven in the future, because my lord is the heir to Great Qin personally chosen by the King—the King's eldest-blooded son." Tu Sui gaped. "My lord is Ying Zheng's son?" Han Fei said, "Not just his son—he is also the Crown Prince, the future ruler of this world. This is no longer any secret. Meng Wu, the three other supreme generals, and even my lord's wife all already know. This time, the King of Qin secretly summoned my lord into the palace precisely to speak openly about this matter." Zhang Han was overjoyed. "Wonderful! My lord is of the true imperial bloodline. Tu Sui, this time we don't need to worry about my lord anymore, right?" "Not necessarily. If he truly intends to pass the throne to my lord, then why has he not yet publicly announced it and gone to the ancestral temple for the rites? Besides, even if Ying Zheng wants to acknowledge my lord, do you think those restless young masters in Xianyang will just sit still and wait for death?" Han Fei agreed. "That is true. Better prepared than caught off guard. General Tu's thinking is thorough. But until there is movement in Xianyang, we must absolutely not act rashly. Let us prepare everything and wait for my lord's decision." Back to the palace, Zhao Ji shouted, "Have you gone mad? What do you mean someone will handle it? What do you mean it wouldn't count as killing one's father? Are those words the First Emperor of all ages should be saying?" Ying Zheng called sorrowfully, "Ji'er..." Then he collapsed to the ground. "What First Emperor of all ages? Before you, I am only a father trying to atone." Ying Zheng is my father? I had never imagined such a possibility. Just as Zhao Ji was about to leave, he heard his child call out to him. Turning around, the young man saw Yuan'er and his two children. "Father, you're back." "Grandfather didn't lie to us. Father really did come back." "Father, Grandfather said he was preparing a gift for you. Did you receive it?" "Hmph, Grandfather? You call him that so affectionately, do you?" "Grandfather is our grandfather. We didn't call him wrong, did we?" "Mm. You didn't." "Yuan'er, could it be... you?" "I'm sorry, Brother Ji. Father said everything was for your protection. We had no choice but to keep it from you." "It seems that aside from me, many people already knew about this. Forget it. At least they were all people I trust." "Brother Ji, Father truly did it all for your sake. Please don't be angry anymore." "How could I not know that? It's only that I cannot accept it all at once. He did so much for me. Perhaps I had already long since regarded him as a father. Otherwise, I would never have given up the empire for his sake. But how can I immediately accept that the man who was never by my side growing up and the man who, from the moment we met, devoted himself wholeheartedly to me are one and the same person?" "Even if I am unmatched under heaven and have inherited the martial path, how could this heart be invulnerable to blades and spears?" "Father, what's wrong?" "Father, don't be sad. Your brows are all furrowed. Let Xi'er touch them for you." "Ji'er, these past years Zheng'er has suffered no less than Afang. He walked step by step to where he is today for the sake of finding your mother. Otherwise, he would have long since... If you cannot forgive him, then I have nothing to say. But I hope you do not hate him. The burden of Great Qin unifying the realm has all rested on his shoulders. There were too many things he could not help." "Grandfather, have you forgiven him?" "Ying Zheng was Afang's love and devotion in this lifetime. I never once blamed him." "Yuan'er, if I wanted to give up everything now and withdraw with you into the mountains and forests, would you be willing?" "Brother Ji, no matter where you go, Yuan'er will follow you without regret." "Grandfather, Zhao Ji knows what to do now." The young man then walked toward Ying Zheng, who was kneeling there in heartbreak. Seeing Zhao Ji approach, Ying Zheng froze. "Ji'er..." "I am not a fool. I remember clearly how well you have treated me these past years. Anyone with a brain can tell that you hid this matter to protect me. As for this empire—if I wanted it, would I need you to hand it to me? In your eyes, can the whole world be exchanged for my forgiveness? If you want my forgiveness, it can only come because I, Zhao Ji, truly wish to forgive you. My mother loved you all her life. So many people are pleading on your behalf. Wouldn't I be the unreasonable one if I still failed to understand? It's just that I was unwilling, but I am no longer a child. I know how I should handle this." Zhao Ji then dropped to his knees and called out loudly, "Father!" Ying Zheng was both overjoyed and stunned. "This... this can't be real. Ji'er, Dong'er..." "Ji'er, my Ji'er. My good son, my son! I must report this to our ancestors. My Ji'er has returned. My Ji'er must acknowledge his ancestry and return to the clan. My Afang—I must properly and honorably confer on her the title of queen. It was the dream of my entire life." "By order of the King: tomorrow the ancestral temple shall be opened to offer sacrifices to the ancestors and to Heaven, and the Crown Prince of Great Qin shall be established! By order of the King: tomorrow the ancestral temple shall be opened to offer sacrifices to the ancestors and to Heaven, and the Crown Prince of Great Qin shall be established!" When Chunyu Yue heard this, he still clung to his fantasies. "Hahaha! So what if the commandery-county system has been adopted? His Majesty still intends to elevate Young Master Fusu." Li Si, too, had his own calculations. "Will the Crown Prince be Fusu or Huhai? I must make plans early." "By order of the King: tomorrow the ancestral temple shall be opened to offer sacrifices to the ancestors and to Heaven, and the Crown Prince of Great Qin shall be established!" Tu Sui and the others also received the news at that moment. "Wonderful! His Majesty is opening the ancestral temple to establish the Crown Prince." "My lord is about to become the Crown Prince of Great Qin." Han Fei immediately reminded them, "Don't celebrate too soon." Too early. This is the truly crucial moment. We may soon have to use General Tu's arrangements. Come, come, Qi'er, tell your royal father some interesting stories about your years in the army. Royal Father, you've already asked me to say it three times. Then you can call me Royal Father a few more times too. Hurry and say it, hurry and say it. Even Zhao Ji was helpless against how clingy he was. So the eternal emperor was actually just a foolish father. This is really ruining his image. Qi'er, did you remember something interesting? No, I just remembered how, when I was little, I saw other children acting spoiled, laughing, and fooling around with their fathers. I wondered what it would be like if I had a father too. Now it seems fathers and sons are the same all under heaven. Even an eternal emperor like you is just like the fathers of those children in distant villages. In front of you, I am only a father, no longer the King of Qin. Qi'er, you have no idea how long I have waited for this day. If only your mother were still here with us at this moment. Just then, a subordinate kneeling outside spoke up in report. Your Majesty, the Black Ice Terrace and the Royal Guards Camp have all been arranged properly. We can guarantee there will be no mistakes during tomorrow's ancestral temple ceremony. In addition, Young Master Qi's personal guard camp is already stationed outside the city, standing by at all times for orders. Well done. Tomorrow, if anyone dares defy orders, kill them all without waiting for permission. Understood. I didn't expect you to have made arrangements too, Qi'er. We truly are of one mind. The young man played dumb and said he'd been in the palace the whole time and had no chance to make any arrangements at all. It was probably General Tu, having already understood everything, who made the call. Hahaha, as expected of the troops commanded by my son. Their vision is indeed sharp and their thinking meticulous. Good. Then there is nothing to worry about tomorrow. Royal Father, have you ever thought about how many people in the city tonight are staring at tomorrow's ceremony like hungry tigers? These people will do anything to improve the odds that their chosen candidate becomes Crown Prince. If that is truly the case, do you really intend to wash the whole city in blood? If they want to challenge royal authority, they should have realized earlier that tonight they may as well enjoy a beautiful dream. Tomorrow, whether they live or die will depend on their choice. I will certainly oblige them. At the same time, Chunyu Yue's faction had also arranged a meeting. Please, everyone, come inside. Young Master, tomorrow is the day His Majesty will announce the Crown Prince. We have finally lived to see this day. Exactly. Now that the realm is unified and troubles have been swept away, Great Qin no longer needs so many great armies. The future court will belong to civil officials like us. Just look at how arrogant that Zhao Ji was today. Once Young Master Fusu ascends as Crown Prince, we absolutely must not let him off. Exactly. In front of all the common people he humiliated the Young Master, and he even supported that commandery-county system. Shameless and despicable. Young Master, don't let today's matter plant doubts in your heart. As long as you become Crown Prince, all of this will be in the past. But I think what Zhao Ji said made a lot of sense. Preserving the old system to govern the state really is too extreme. Perhaps I truly was wrong. Do I really have the ability to inherit Great Qin? Young Master, how can you think such a thing? If the old system were unreasonable, how could it have been passed down from ancient times to the present? Don't let that Zhao Ji shake your resolve. That's right, Young Master. Tomorrow, once the Crown Prince holds royal power in his hand, you must deal with him. Otherwise he will become a great calamity for Qin. Young Master, please do not be swayed by those words. Put the greater cause first. We ministers will surely do our utmost to support your ascension. Fusu was still hesitating. No... this... in the end, what is wrong and what is right? Zhao Ji, your ideas are completely different from everything I was taught. Are you trying to deceive people's hearts, or have I truly been wrong all along? Fusu, if Your Highness still doubts right and wrong, then just look at what your father has done since taking the throne, and what the court has become after he unified the realm. The one who had just spoken was Ying Xi, elder brother of Ying Zichu. The old man continued, You see this Great Qin? He has slaughtered and purged the royal clan from the court. What place do we descendants of the Ying clan have left? Is this what a wise ruler should do? For all these years, we have been waiting for a prince accomplished in both letters and arms. Fusu, you are the hope of our Great Qin. If the old system is changed, what remains of orthodoxy? If the royal clan is destroyed, what remains of the Ying family's realm? We of the royal clan are all counting on you. The people of Great Qin are all counting on you. Ah, I understand now. Many thanks, my lords. If I, Fusu, become Crown Prince, I will follow the old system and restore Great Qin. I will not disappoint you, my lords. The old man smiled in satisfaction. Hahaha, so what if His Majesty's subordinates are strong? He will still grow old and die. Once Fusu ascends the throne, that will be the day our royal clan returns to court. Meanwhile, Huhai's faction was also planning for tomorrow's fateful battle. Tomorrow is the day His Majesty will decide the Crown Prince at the ancestral temple. Right now there are only two choices: Young Master Fusu and Young Master Huhai. We have gathered here tonight to discuss how to ensure Young Master Huhai does not lose tomorrow. Li Si also stated that Fusu's temperament was gentle, and after being taught by Chunyu Yue, he even dared oppose His Majesty, so he had long since fallen out of favor. Tomorrow, Young Master Huhai already holds the advantage. Minister, your words are absolutely right. Besides, the inheritance of Great Qin has always valued virtue and worth. Yesterday, when the court reformed the system, Fusu and those people brazenly opposed His Majesty, while Young Master Huhai and the rest of us said nothing. Exactly. Tomorrow we only need to hold firmly to that point, and Young Master Huhai will ascend. Huhai, wearing a thoroughly pleased expression, said, With the support of all my ministers, tomorrow's establishment of the Crown Prince will surely go smoothly. Once I become Crown Prince, I certainly will not treat you poorly. At first light, though the darkness still lingered, the beating of drums and the blaring horns sounded loudly, heralding a bloody struggle between Fusu's faction and Huhai's faction. Today at Great Qin's ancestral temple... hahaha, Great Qin is about to turn the tide. Once Young Master Fusu becomes Crown Prince, this King of Qin will no longer be needed. The chronic poison will take his life in a few months at most. While the old man was rambling on, fantasizing about a bright future, a sudden sound startled him and made him turn around. His Majesty arrives! The officials immediately knelt and paid their respects. An old man asked in confusion, Strange. Why isn't the Marquis of Wu'an here today? On the day His Majesty establishes the Crown Prince, he dares not come? Heh heh, Chancellor, you should know the saying about throwing away the lemon peel after the juice has been squeezed. Yesterday Zhao Ji was personally summoned into the palace by His Majesty. So what? Zhao Ji going in and out of the inner palace isn't exactly rare, is it? Yesterday His Majesty used him to implement the commandery-county system. Since he has already served his purpose, why would His Majesty keep a useless man around to bring disaster upon the future Crown Prince? I fear Zhao Ji has already been... heh heh. Chancellor, the day us civil officials take hold of the realm has truly arrived. This really is just like His Majesty's style. For the sake of the state and the future Crown Prince, Zhao Ji truly could not be kept. No sooner had Chunyu Yue and the Chancellor finished directing and acting out their little scene than they were immediately slapped in the face. What is the meaning of this? Why is the Marquis of Wu'an over there? Chunyu Yue was also doubting life itself. Why is Zhao Ji here? He isn't dead? How is he riding in the same carriage as His Majesty? To accompany His Majesty like that is sheer insolence. In the past, because of his great merits, he rode with His Majesty, but now that the Crown Prince is about to be established, how can he still sit with His Majesty? Could there be some deeper meaning? Ying Zheng now stepped forward as well. Chunyu Yue began to have a bad premonition. Ying Xi saluted and said, This minister pays respects to Your Majesty. Everything for the sacrifice has been properly prepared. We need only wait for Your Majesty to declare the establishment of the Crown Prince before the grand rite begins. Ying Zheng and Zhao Ji moved together toward the central position, while two subordinates quickly brought someone forward. Mm. Elder Uncle, as head of the royal clan, when you handle matters I am always at ease. Zhao Ji pondered, Elder Uncle? Then that man is Ying Xi. He once fought Ying Zichu for the throne. Suppressed by the First Emperor and stripped of royal clan privileges... so he was exiled here. May Your Majesty's blessings endure for ten thousand years! My lords, rise. Thank you, Your Majesty. The Marquis of Wu'an, is that right? Utterly rebellious. We ministers are paying respects, yet he stands beside His Majesty. A lawless man like that should be the first one removed once Fusu ascends. Zhao Ji also sensed the killing intent from Ying Xi. That man's gaze was filled with murderous intent. I need to be on guard. Ying Xi could no longer wait. He quickly went straight to the main matter. Your Majesty, today is the day you establish the Crown Prince. This old minister believes the eldest prince, Fusu, is virtuous and accomplished, the most suitable candidate. All officials trust him, and he may succeed according to propriety. We ministers also agree. Li Si immediately rebutted, Though Young Master Fusu is the elder brother, he does not care for the foundations of the state. The other day he even advocated the old system, with no regard for Great Qin's long-term legacy. How could someone like that serve as Crown Prince, let alone inherit all of Great Qin? Disagreements in court are normal. How can you judge from that alone that Young Master Fusu does not care for the foundations of the state? Li Si replied, Even from that, one can see each person's true heart. From the very beginning, Young Master Huhai has considered the eternal future of Great Qin and supported the enfeoffment system. From this, it is clear he has greater ability than Young Master Fusu. The man was left speechless. Ai. We ministers support Young Master Huhai as Crown Prince, to preserve Great Qin's flourishing inheritance. Zhao Ji let out a weary sigh. Sigh, if it's not Fusu then it's Huhai. Neither of these two is a good choice. No wonder in history the First Emperor only reluctantly let Fusu succeed him at the very end. He really was just the least bad option. Ying Zheng was also observing his son at that moment, secretly evaluating him. This brat's face is full of disdain. He truly thinks nothing of either Fusu or Huhai. Enough. No need to argue. I long ago chose who will inherit as Crown Prince. But before I announce it, there is still one matter to be handled. The position of my queen has stood vacant for many years. For the peace of the state, I have decided to establish a queen. The gathered officials gaped. Establish a queen? May we ask, Your Majesty, who will become queen? When the son is honored, the mother is honored as well. At this moment, the one who becomes queen is the mother of the Crown Prince. Then Ying Zheng declared, The one I have always kept in my heart since entering the palace, the daughter of physician Xia Wuju, Xia Yufang. She has now passed away, but I wish to bestow this glory upon her. Dong'er, Zheng-ge promised you before. Today I have fulfilled it. Xia Yufang was but a lowly woman. Back then she was driven out of Zhangtai Palace, and moreover she is already dead. How can she become the mother of the realm? Xia Yufang has always been the only woman I ever loved, and the very woman I had already determined would be my queen. If I hear even one more disrespectful word, I will kill without mercy. My lords, do any of you object? Your Majesty, this... this... Does the old Chancellor have objections? Back then you did not choose the wrong side. Do you intend to become muddleheaded today? This minister has no objection. Good. Draft the decree. Posthumously confer upon Xia Yufang the title of Empress of Great Qin, and bestow upon her the empress's jade seal. Also, choose an auspicious day and move Xia Yufang's tomb into the imperial mausoleum. A hundred years from now, she shall be buried together with me. Your Majesty is wise! Back then His Majesty was forced to give up the woman he loved. Once his wings were fully grown, he directly drove the royal clan out of court. It was only because I had never targeted Xia Yufang that I managed to keep my position. If I had said one more word just now, then even after decades of serving His Majesty, he would still have killed me. Xia Yufang, this reverse scale of his is truly terrifying. Fortunately she is already dead, so she won't affect Young Master Fusu. Qi'er, look at how ridiculous they are. The same matter, but twenty-five years later, and they wear completely different faces. Zhao Ji then said, This is what royal power is before all else. True interests never needed to align with anyone. Back then, it was because I did not understand this principle that I caused your mother to leave me. Qi'er, in the future you must make good use of the power in your hands. Your son will remember. And Mother can finally rest in peace beneath the Nine Springs. Next, I will announce the Crown Prince of Great Qin. This person is the son of myself and Xia Yufang, and also the eldest son of Great Qin. The assembled officials were shocked. What? That Xia Yufang bore a son for His Majesty? How can an illegitimate son be made Crown Prince? This is outrageous. Where does this leave the royal clan and the rites? Fusu despaired inwardly. Royal Father... so you never intended to make me Crown Prince at all. In your eyes, I am not even equal to an illegitimate son. For his sake, you first established an empress, and even took away my title as eldest son. Your Majesty, even if Xia Yufang is granted the title of empress and her son becomes the eldest son, that child did not grow up in the palace, has never been instructed in royal rites, and has rendered no service to Great Qin. How can he be made Crown Prince? Your Majesty, a Crown Prince like this... how can he win the trust of the officials, how can he win the trust of Great Qin's people? Lord Chunyu? Why are you saying nothing and just letting this happen? Young Master Fusu is about to lose his place as Crown Prince. Ah... let me think. Back then, because Zhao Ji was favored far too much, and because of that line about being as close as a biological son, I investigated. In the end, all I found was a grave in Li Family Village. Now His Majesty says Xia Yufang is dead. Could my earlier guess really have been right? If so, then Young Master Fusu must prepare in advance. He cannot act rashly. Ying Zheng suddenly burst into mocking laughter. Hahaha, Qi'er, Qi'er, did you hear that? These people say you have no merit. Heh, compared to you, of course I have no great accomplishments. Hm? So what you mean is that my son has no achievements and cannot convince the masses? In war, he has the merit of destroying the six states, bringing the realm under order. He has the ability to kill the rulers of the various states, to kill their great generals and civil leaders. He offered strategies to relieve disasters, and pacified the chaos stirred up by Lü Buwei. Which of the princes you support can compare to that? Chunyu Yue had been driven into a corner and could wait no longer. Your Majesty, no matter how great Zhao Ji's merits are, Xia Yufang is dead. How can it be proven that Zhao Ji is Xia Yufang's son? How can it be proven that he is Your Majesty's son? Zhao Ji roared in fury, What did you say?! Ying Xi continued to fan the flames. Your Majesty, the imperial bloodline cannot be left unclear. No matter what witness or physical proof you may have, such things can all be forged. Do not let such things cloud your eyes. Zhao Ji had long since had enough of this old man. You— Chunyu Yue added, I once investigated Zhao Ji's birth mother. Her name was Zhao Dong'er, not Xia Yufang. Even if that were only an alias, after twenty years, who knows whether she had dealings with other men or not? With so many doubts hanging over him, how can a bastard inherit Great Qin's realm? How dare you speak of my mother that way, you old bastard! Zhao Ji was just about to send the old man off to admire naked chickens. Fortunately Ying Zheng stopped him in time. Qi'er, no killing is permitted in the ancestral temple, or it will damage your reputation in the future. If you want to kill them, wait a little. Just then, countless arrows shot toward the old man. He screamed in fright and fell flat to the ground. Ying Xi was also struck with several numbing arrows. Wh-Who is so bold? It's your grandfather, damn it. If today weren't the day Young Master Qi returns to the clan and the rightful line is restored before the ancestral temple, and if blood being seen here weren't unlucky, I would have blown both your heads off. Two beloved ministers, can you speak properly now? Do you still think I am a fool who cannot recognize his own son? Chunyu Yue trembled in fear. This minister absolutely had no intention of offending Your Majesty. Your Majesty is wise. Of course you can distinguish your own son. Ying Xi also praised Zhao Ji in terror, saying his natural gifts were extraordinary and that he truly had Your Majesty's bearing. You are mistaken. Starting today, his name is Ying Qi, and he is the Crown Prince of my Great Qin. Meng Wu was the first to shout, The Marquis of Wu'an becoming Crown Prince is Great Qin's good fortune! The Marquis of Wu'an becoming Crown Prince is Great Qin's good fortune! The Marquis of Wu'an becoming Crown Prince is Great Qin's good fortune! The Marquis of Wu'an becoming Crown Prince is Great Qin's good fortune! Old Zhang, did you hear that? It worked, it worked! The Marquis of Wu'an is Crown Prince, I'm not deaf. Boohoo... I am truly happy for my lord, truly happy. My lord becoming ruler is the good fortune of all under heaven. Chunyu Yue was now completely powerless. It's over. With such momentum, Young Master Fusu truly has no more chance at the state. If Zhao Ji inherits the great succession, with his temperament he absolutely will not spare me. Whether for Young Master Fusu's sake or my own, I cannot allow this to happen. Your Majesty, there is nothing wrong with the Marquis of Wu'an acknowledging his ancestry and returning to the clan, but he absolutely must not inherit Great Qin. Fusu hurriedly ran forward to stop him. Teacher, don't say any more. The Marquis of Wu'an has a pure bloodline and has repeatedly rendered extraordinary military service. But he has no foundation in court. Among the civil officials under heaven, it would be more suitable for the Marquis of Wu'an to serve as a supporting minister than as Crown Prince. Teacher, you're staking everything on my behalf, but doesn't this truly offend Royal Father? If this fails, then I also... damn it, we'll all be finished. Who told you he has no foundation? Are the two of us not qualified to be Young Master Qi's foundation? He was stunned by what he saw. Holy hell, am I seeing ghosts? That's Zhongfu, the Marquis Wenxin. Lü Buwei, and the former supreme general of the Meng family, Meng Ao. It's Meng Ao, and Lü Buwei too. You're not dead? For the sake of the state and its people, this old man could not die just yet. Your Majesty, this old minister and Marquis Wenxin are willing to support Young Master Qi in becoming Crown Prince of Great Qin, and to quell all dissent in court for him. Young Master Qi holds the realm in his heart and is the most suitable for the position of Crown Prince. We ministers agree. Young Master Qi truly bears Heaven's mandate. Whether in favor or in power, there is nothing left to dispute. If even Meng Ao and Lü Buwei have come forward to support him, then how can he be said to lack backing? We'd best not throw eggs against a rock. We ministers agree. Young Master Qi bears Heaven's mandate and should be established as Crown Prince. Hahaha, good. Today, at the ancestral temple, we hold the sacrificial rite to posthumously honor the queen and establish the Crown Prince to inherit Great Qin’s eternal legacy. This is a great joy for the entire nation. Even Zhao Qi had to admire Lü Buwei at this moment. This was a move Father had prepared for me long ago. He truly put a great deal of thought into it. Continue the sacrificial rite. Chunyu Yue has behaved with grave disrespect in the ceremony—drag him away and imprison him for punishment. I will trouble you two venerable ministers to preside over Qi’er's rite of returning to the ancestral line. We understand, Your Majesty. Ying Xi thought to himself that Chunyu Yue really was a fool. The matter had failed, but fortunately he still had a backup plan. Ying Qi shot the old man a look of disgust. The old man broke out in sweat and forced an awkward smile. Ying Xi was harboring dangerous thoughts and could not be left in court. It seemed a day would have to be chosen for his death. Illustrious ancestors above, your descendant of the Zhao clan, Zhao Zheng, today performs this ancestral temple rite, posthumously honoring the queen to comfort our forefathers. The bloodline of Great Qin’s royal house now returns to the ancestors and is acknowledged by the clan, changing his surname to Ying and his given name to Qi, thereby establishing him as Crown Prince and Regent of Great Qin. Ying Zheng pays his respects to all the illustrious ancestors. Qi’er, come kneel and bow to the ancestors. Yes. The history of Great Qin and all under Heaven— Thinking back to the beginning, I was lost and adrift like duckweed, with only Mother by my side. Later, Mother passed away, and it was Yuan’er who gave me the warmth of a family. After that, more and more ties gathered around me, and I too became closely bound to this era. And now, at last, I have found my own roots and origin. Returning to the ancestors and rejoining the clan, fallen leaves return to their roots. I will no longer be a grain of salt cast into the sea, but truly become part of it. I, Ying Qi, Crown Prince of Great Qin—ancestors of Great Qin above, your descendant Ying Qi is here to offer sacrifice. I ask the illustrious ancestors of Great Qin to bless Qin with ever greater strength, so that the descendants of Yan and Huang will no longer know division, and all under Heaven may enjoy eternal peace. From this day forth, I am Ying Qi, son of the First Emperor, Crown Prince of Great Qin, Ying Qi. The sacrificial rite is complete. The ceremony is accomplished. The legitimate eldest young master, Ying Qi, has returned to the ancestors and rejoined the clan, restoring the surname Ying. Young Master Ying Qi is a Che Marquis of great merit, who destroyed the six states and commands military power. The officials of Great Qin admire him, all under Heaven respect him, and the common people honor him. Therefore, we now confer upon Ying Qi the title of Crown Prince of Great Qin, and bestow upon Young Master Qi the seal of the Eastern Palace. Bestow upon the Crown Prince his robe. Bestow upon the Crown Prince his jade belt. Bestow upon him the authority of the Eastern Palace. Civil and military officials are to bestow upon him the authority to act as regent. The Regulation Office is to bestow upon him the power to execute first— —and report later. Your Majesty is wise! To have Young Master Ying Qi as Crown Prince of Great Qin is a great blessing for the nation and for the people! At that moment, Ying Xi immediately carried up two cups of poisoned wine. Your Majesty, Your Highness the Crown Prince, now that the investiture is complete, you may drink a ceremonial wine to Heaven and Earth. I invite Your Majesty and Your Highness the Crown Prince to drink the Blood— —Son Wine together. Ying Qi knew perfectly well it was poisoned wine, so he used the excuse that the realm had only just been unified and felt this wine ought not be offered to Heaven and Earth. Great Qin has fought for a hundred years and finally returned all to one. Naturally, this was aided by Heaven above, with— Heaven’s mandate resting upon us, but even more, it was thanks to Great Qin’s soldiers, who fought bravely on the battlefield without fearing death. Hearing these words, the soldiers were moved to tears. The realm we possess today was bought with the blood and bones of Great Qin’s troops. Ying Qi boldly said this wine should instead console those Great Qin soldiers who died heroically on the battlefield. Good, my son. Truly my son. The soldiers’ blood ran hot as they shouted, Young Master Qi! Young Master Qi! Young Master Qi! Young Master Qi! Damn it, he dodged it again. But the future is still— —long. Hold your breath—ah! Ah! Are you all right? I’m fine. It’s just that my legs suddenly went weak— Hmph. You brought this on yourself. Slowly wait for death. Scan complete: host has returned to the ancestors and rejoined the clan, officially entering the ancestral line. Hidden reward activated. Heaven’s Favor Bestowing Blessings may randomly drop a reward suited to the host. Does the host wish to claim it? Oh? A reward for returning to the ancestors and rejoining the clan? Of course I’m claiming it immediately. Ding. Accepting command to release reward. The assembled officials were bewildered, not knowing what was happening. Thunder in broad daylight? Auspicious rainbow clouds appearing? Could it be that Great Qin’s ancestors were manifesting themselves? At once, a golden dragon and golden phoenix appeared in the sky. An auspicious omen! A golden dragon and golden phoenix have appeared! Great Qin has obtained a wise ruler! Young Master Qi is Great Qin’s wise ruler! Such a miracle has never been recorded in history. Truly miraculous! The golden dragon and golden phoenix quickly dove straight into the jade seal and entered it. The jade seal became the State-Protecting Jade Seal. Today, I have become the Crown Prince of Great Qin. With Heaven as witness, I now hold the authority of regency. I will oversee all under Heaven and make Great Qin strong and prosperous. We pay our respects to Your Highness the Crown Prince! There may have been some who were unconvinced during the earlier court audience, but after this one, they should all be truly convinced. This divine sign may be a little exaggerated, but in this era, it really does work. From now on, I can finally start making my move. Your Majesty led the Crown Prince into the Eastern Palace. Before Ying Zheng and Ying Qi now stood Ying Yinman and her four attendants. Welcome, Father King. Welcome, Your Highness the Crown Prince. Rise. Qi’er, are you satisfied with this arrangement? I had people prepare it long ago. In order to suit your taste and Yuan’er’s, Yinman also helped quite a bit. Hehe, many thanks, Father King. Your son likes this place very much. And many thanks to little sister Yinman as well. It is all what Yinman ought to do. Elder Brother Crown Prince is too polite. Besides, I already liked sister-in-law and the two children, so being able to help makes me very happy too. Who would have thought that one day the person I liked would become my own blood brother? Forget it. At least being able to see him every day is still good. Ying Zheng then said, Our Great Qin has its grand court. Qi’er, as Crown Prince of the Eastern Palace and holder of regency authority, you will later also have your own lesser court to discuss state affairs. No matter how gifted you are, you are still young and have never been tempered in court. I intend to have Meng Ao and Lü Buwei, these two venerable ministers, serve together as your Grand Tutors to support you. What do you think? At the same time, he was entrusting me with two senior statesmen powerful enough to shake the court itself. Ying Zheng truly had not the slightest guard against him. To be taught by these two masters was a blessing for Ying Qi. Your son understands Father King’s intentions as well. Looking through all ages, the affection Ying Zheng bears for me— —can only be matched by Zhu Yuanzhang and Zhu Biao. Zhu Yuanzhang built an empire to hand the world to Zhu Biao. Even if Zhu Biao had rebelled, Zhu Yuanzhang might very well have gone along with it. Because only Zhu Biao was the son of Zhu Chongba and Lady Ma, his beloved wife; the other sons were the sons of the emperor Zhu Yuanzhang. As for me, I am the son of Ying Zheng and Zhao Dong’er, not merely the son of the King of Qin. Even emperors for all ages cannot escape human feeling and the human heart. Seeing the delighted expression on Ying Qi’s face, Lü Buwei asked, Your Highness the Crown Prince, are you thinking of something? No. This student was discourteous before his teachers. Ying Qi is of ordinary natural talent; in the future, I will have to trouble both teachers to instruct me with care. Hahaha, Your Highness is too modest. Thank you, Young Master, for not disdaining us. The two of us will certainly teach you with all our hearts. After a tiring day, Ying Qi finally returned to his own room. Whew, it’s finally all done. Today was even more exhausting than going to war. Brother Qi, you’ve worked hard. I’ll massage your shoulders. Now that the six states are unified and Brother Qi has acknowledged his father, our whole family can finally live peaceful days, right? Yuan’er, it won’t be that easy. Great Qin has unified the lands within the seas— —but on the distant frontiers, the Baiyue are still causing trouble. Sending troops to campaign against them is only a matter of time. It’s just that now, as Crown Prince and Regent, I must first handle domestic affairs properly. Yuan’er, don’t be sad. Are we going to be separated again? Yuan’er, I also want to stay by your side until we grow old, but you know I have reasons why I cannot avoid going to war. Seizing the world is only a means for me to grow stronger. My goal is to revive Mother. Brother Qi, of course I can’t bear it, but as long as it is something you’ve decided, then go do it. Yuan’er will always support you. I’ll take the two children to rest first. I’ll come back later to keep you company. Yuan’er, you’ve suffered. I, Ying Qi, will love you for my whole life and never fail you. Now it’s time to deal with the unfinished business. System, analyze the attributes of the Seal of Joy from Heaven’s Favor Bestowing Blessings. Heaven’s Favor Bestowing Blessings reward: a growable magic treasure. State-Protecting Seal of Joy: a low-grade Profound-tier magic treasure. The State-Protecting Seal of Joy primarily controls fate and fortune. If it is the fate of a dynasty, it can suppress that fate and keep it from dissipating. Holding the seal increases imperial majesty, making ruler and ministers submit in reverence. Other attributes: carrying the seal protects the bearer and suppresses evil. Control over fate and fortune—this really is a huge gift from the system. Great Qin’s national fortune is flourishing now. In other words, so long as I am here, a Great Qin dynasty enduring for ten thousand years is no dream. This treasure really is marvelous. Ding. Does the host wish to continue settling rewards? Continue. Ding. Congratulations, host. For advancing to Crown Prince, you have been awarded one Profound-tier Ram Pack. Does the host wish to open it? Open it at once. Ding. Congratulations, host. For advancing to Crown Prince, you have obtained the title Crown Prince of Great Qin. While wearing this title, you will always remain clear-headed when handling civil and military affairs. Processing speed for state affairs increases twofold, and cultivation speed increases tenfold. Equip it immediately. This title is even more powerful than Martial Peace Lord. State affairs processing speed doubled—this is exactly what I need. It’s a good thing I had spirit stones to support me during this period without campaigning. Now with this additional title bonus, my cultivation won’t be delayed either. Level twenty-one. There’s hope of reaching the Grandmaster realm. I can’t afford to delay. At Great Qin’s ancestral temple, at this moment, a miserable scream suddenly rang out. Ah! Ah! His subordinates panicked. Clan Elder! Clan Elder, what’s wrong? Don’t come over! Don’t come over! Aiyo, Clan Chief, what deity have you offended? I... I only wanted to find a wise ruler. I was also thinking of Great Qin’s welfare. Absurd! Ying Qi is the one destined by Heaven, the wise ruler of Great Qin. You were clearly acting for selfish gain, yet you still try to justify it. Aah! Ying Xi, you call yourself a descendant of the Ying clan of Great Qin for nothing. Clan Chief, just what message from the ancestors did you see— —that made you like this? Ying Xi lay there, weak and exhausted. That’s right. What kind of Ying descendant am I? I knew very well Ying Qi’s achievements, Ying Qi’s abilities. I knew the enfeoffment system would lead Great Qin to ruin. Yet for the immediate interests of the royal clan, I gambled away the fate of the nation and did not hesitate to stain my hands with the blood of kinsmen. He tightly grabbed the hand of one clansman. I don’t have long left to live. After I die, you must remember not to make the same mistakes I did, understand? Clan—Clan Chief, if you have any instructions, just say them. We will all obey. You must be loyal to the royal house. Our clan status is noble, but we must absolutely never rise above royal authority. In all things, you must think first of His Majesty and of Great Qin. Ying Qi is the one destined by Heaven—remember, you must not go against him again. He suddenly got to his feet and, while running, shouted loudly, Crown Prince Ying Qi! This old man was wrong, wrong! This old man is willing to use his life to show his loyalty. At the Eastern Palace, where the Crown Prince resided, a guard said, The Crown Prince has already retired, Clan Chief. Please go back. But the old man was still running madly and shouting, There’s no time! I must see His Highness the Crown Prince! I must see His Highness the Crown Prince! Inside the room, Ying Qi was still cultivating. The golden light around him withdrew. Clan Chief, why have you come here so late at night? All of you, withdraw. As you command, Your Highness the Crown Prince. This old minister was muddleheaded. Only when I was on my last breath and received the ancestors’ guidance did I awaken. In truth, during the sacrificial ceremony, you had already seen that the Blood Son Wine was poisoned, hadn’t you? Yes. The old man forced himself to continue. You truly are as benevolent as His Majesty. Even knowing I was stubborn, you still did not drive me to my death. A pity—my sins are too many, and the ancestors will not forgive me. Ying Qi was also puzzled. The Point of the Moon of Delusion could cause a person’s life to be exhausted within delusion— —and he did not know what Ying Xi had seen in that world to make him say such things. The old man then took out a jade pendant. I did not care for Great Qin’s fate, so I am unworthy to be a descendant of the Ying clan. If my death now can wash away my crimes, then perhaps it is a blessing for me. All my life I was sunk in selfish desires, and to regain clarity once before death is already worth it. Your Highness the Crown Prince, this is the jade pendant of our Ying clan. From now on, the descendants of the Ying clan will obey your commands. The foundation our Great Qin ancestors built—please, you must preserve it well. In the past, Ying Xi wronged you and His Majesty. After saying these final words, he coughed up blood and collapsed, dead on the spot. If you had regretted it a little earlier, how would it have come to this? Unfortunately, in this world, most things are but cruel tricks of fate. If you had not entered that realm of delusion, I fear you would never have climbed out of the mire of desire in your whole life. I accept the Ying clan. As long as I am here, Great Qin will endure. At this moment, Du Ruo also appeared and reported, Master, something major is about to happen in Xianyang. The shadow guards report that Chunyu Yue has gathered five thousand retainers and intends to force his way into the palace. What? That old man must really have— —lived long enough already. At this moment, Chunyu Yue was stirring up the crowd like some expert swindler. Heaven’s way is unjust! Young Master Fusu should have been the enlightened ruler of our Great Qin, but that brat Ying Qi stole away the position of Crown Prince. We have exhausted all our learning only to follow a wise ruler, yet in the future we may only bow beneath the command of a mere martial brute. Is there any greater humiliation in the world than this? The whole crowd below, as if under mass hypnosis, agreed wholeheartedly with Chunyu Yue’s words. I heard that Ying Qi even took the lead in abolishing the clan rites and laws—how bold, how arrogant! If a man like that is truly allowed to inherit the great succession, then all under Heaven will surely fall into chaos. Even if we must stake our flesh and blood, we cannot allow such a thing to happen. All of you are today’s great Confucian scholars. Tomorrow, I, Chunyu Yue, will sit before the palace gates and petition for Great Qin, petition for Young Master Fusu. Are you willing to follow me? We are willing to follow Lord Chunyu and petition for the people of all under Heaven! Depose Ying Qi and establish the enlightened ruler! Yue thanks you gentlemen on behalf of the world. On Ying Zheng’s side, he was at this moment reading a proposal submitted by Ying Qi. He was extremely astonished. Divide Great Qin’s territory into thirty-six commanderies? Qi’er, this commandery-and-county system—did you come up with this? Reporting to Father King, your son only proposed it on impulse. The two Grand Tutors also gave guidance. Father King, please see whether this method is feasible. Lü Buwei stroked his beard, very pleased. Your Highness the Crown Prince is too modest. The two of us merely discussed it briefly. Excellent, truly excellent. The commandery-and-county system has met with many obstacles until now. With this as its foundation, within less than a year Great Qin can eliminate the poisonous remnants of the— —enfeoffment system. My son is greatly talented. Have this method sent out to all regions and use it as the outline for implementing the commandery-and-county system. This minister obeys. Ding. Congratulations, host. By implementing the commandery-and-county system, you have completed the hidden instance mission for a major world event. Reward: Movable Type Printing. Damn, that’s fragrant—so fragrant. I just did it casually and actually got it right. That was a hidden mission too? Then next should be standardizing axle widths and unifying script, right? Ying Qi then said that the commandery-and-county system was the key to governing the state. The officials should know its benefits, scholars should know its benefits, and the people should know its benefits even more. Therefore, a draft explaining the commandery-and-county system must be written tonight. Let Xianyang be the first point from which it is spread among the people. Qi’er truly is meticulous in thought. Go and do it. Yes. At that moment, a subordinate ran in, flustered. Urgent report! Urgent report! Reporting to Your Majesty and Your Highness the Crown Prince, Chunyu Yue has led five thousand Confucian scholars into Xianyang City and is now heading toward the Palace of Eternal Terrace. Ying Zheng flew into a rage. That bastard Chunyu Yue again! What does he want? Out of consideration for his teaching Fusu and for his long years as an old minister, I could not bear to punish him. Yet he does not know the height of heaven or the depth of earth and keeps pushing his luck. Your Majesty, they say they wish to petition Your Majesty to depose His Highness the Crown Prince. That old dog, a rebel! I will have him torn apart by five chariots! Your Majesty, calm your anger. Chunyu Yue alone is nothing to fear, but behind him stand five thousand scholars. We cannot chill the hearts of all scholars under Heaven because of one man’s wrongdoing. Hehe, Father King, leave this matter to me. Softly. Qi’er, you will handle it? Very well. Calming this storm is also a good chance for you to establish your authority. Please rest assured, Father King. Chunyu Yue, you truly have not disappointed me. My scheme for you this time was not in vain. The crowd of scholars surged into the Palace of Eternal Terrace. Hey, brother, aren’t we going to stop them? No need. By Great Qin law, when literati and wandering scholars enter the city, even His Majesty must show them some courtesy. These people are not for us to manage. What’s so great about them? When our Crown Prince Qi returned after pacifying the six states, he didn’t even put on a display like this. I scoff at them. Your Majesty, this old minister is here with five thousand Confucian scholars to petition Your Majesty. We beg Your Majesty to distinguish the loyal from the treacherous, discern the worthy, restore the ancestral system, uphold the rites and laws, and depose— —Ying Qi. Otherwise, today we will prove our resolve with death. If Your Majesty does not restore the ancestral system, uphold the rites and laws, and implement enfeoffment, we scholars will absolutely not leave the palace gates by even half a step. Even in death, we will not regret it. Insolence! Lord Chunyu, you schemed to gather scholars, disregarded Qin law, and seek to use public opinion to oppose royal authority. Are you truly not afraid of death? But just because your own life is cheap, do you take the lives of others as grass as well? Ying Qi, you treacherous minister! We are all willing to die together with Great Qin—what is there to fear? Chunyu Yue, even now you remain obstinate and unrepentant? And the gentlemen behind you—do you truly think the same? Or are you merely following what others say? Do not destroy a lifetime’s reputation over a moment’s confusion. At this moment, from behind, Du Sui also spoke up to report: Everything is prepared. A foolish Confucian who still fancied himself dangerous spoke up and rebuked him, “Ying Qi, what sophistry do you still have left? Defying the ancestral system and pushing Great Qin into danger. If we ignore this reckless conduct of yours, then all our study of the sages’ books will have been for nothing. Hmph, it seems Chunyu Yue had long expected that the people of the world still do not know what the commandery-county system is. Today, I will explain it to you stubborn old scholars, and to all under Heaven as well. At this moment, wild eagles are covering part of the sky above, and each one carries on its body Ying Qi’s commandery-county proposal, ready to distribute it to everyone in Xian- yang. Your discussions of clan rule and enfeoffment all follow the ancestral system, yet that very system gave the feudal lords ambitions and led them to court death. Great Qin fought for more than two hundred years before finally welcoming the day the world was united. Must we really walk the old road again? Great Qin is to continue carrying out the enfeoffment system? Enfeoff the world, so that everywhere under Heaven there are marquises, commanderies, and kings. For ten years, yes, perhaps the world will be at peace—but what about after ten years? What about after a hundred years? The end result of enfeoffment will be troubled times once more. By then, it will again be kin slaughtering kin, with war raging everywhere.” The people began picking up the bamboo slips to read. “According to what’s written here, Crown Prince Qi advocates the commandery-county system as the true way. I don’t want war anymore.” “That’s right. What kind of enfeoffment system is that? In the end, only officials and nobles benefit from it. What benefit do we common folk get? This Chunyu Yue is truly sinister—he really doesn’t treat us commoners as human beings. My whole family was torn apart by war, some dead, some scattered. If anyone still dares to talk about fighting another war, I won’t spare him.” “I heard that Chunyu Yue led people to confront the Crown Prince and wants to keep the enfeoffment system. What the hell is that supposed to mean? No way.” “Right, right! Crown Prince Qi is the one who truly thinks of us. As long as he’s here, we’ll have good days ahead.” “Let’s go protect Crown Prince Qi and beat those rotten scholars to death!” Back to Ying Qi’s side, the young man continued enlightening the Confucian scholars. “Your enfeoffment system is nothing but the creation of feudal lords filled with ambition, which will ultimately plunge the world into chaos. This is your loyalty to Great Qin?” Hearing this, the other man was left speechless. This was— Chunyu Yue immediately cut in and shouted, “You—you mustn’t be deceived by him! Is the commandery-county system really so good? If it truly were, why didn’t our ancestors use it? Could it be that only Ying Qi is clever?” Ying Qi immediately used martial inner force to transmit his voice over a thousand li. “Now that the four seas are at peace, I, Ying Qi, as Crown Prince and regent of Great Qin, am willing to ensure that under Heaven there will never again be war— never again brother killing brother. The commandery-county system is the foundation of Great Qin. Once truly implemented, its grace will reach all under Heaven and all the people. You are full of the sages’ teachings and should have been fine talents for governing the state. In your hearts, you know what is right. This Crown Prince does not wish to say more, nor can I bear to see you go down together with Chunyu Yue. I will give you a chance. Leave at once.” At this moment, some had already accepted the commandery-county system. “Your Highness the Crown Prince, this student was shallow and rude just now. This student is willing to support Your Highness and support the commandery-county system.” Chunyu Yue began to panic. “You—you all, what are you trying to do? Could a few words from that brute really have shaken you? Get back here at once! Come back!” “Hmph. It seems those who remain are people like Chunyu Yue, incapable of bearing Great Qin’s heavy responsibility. There is no need to keep them.” “Ying Qi, you—you, what are you trying to do? Don’t tell me you mean to kill us remonstrating ministers?” Ying Qi raised his hand and gave the order. “What is there that cannot be killed among fools?” Du Sui and the Imperial Guards awaited orders. “Your servant obeys.” Just then, crowds of commoners came surging in to protect His Highness the Crown Prince. “Where’s Chunyu Yue? Watch me beat you, you treacherous rebel!” “And these rotten scholars can’t be let off either!” “You ignorant rabble—what do you know of the great affairs of the world?” “Don’t act recklessly!” “Damn it, maybe we don’t know anything else, but whoever wants us to fight wars again is a bastard.” “Let these scholars all die!” “Master, should the Imperial Guards wait a little before acting— or not?” “Of course. Don’t you think this scene is far more interesting than simply killing Chunyu Yue directly? Ah, Chunyu Yue, Chunyu Yue—this is how one should play with public opinion and the people’s hearts. You criminals who bring disaster upon the state all deserve death. Kill them!” “If Crown Prince Qi won’t act, then we will!” The old scholars kept screaming for help. “Spare us! Spare us! We know we were wrong!” Ying Qi shouted loudly, “People of Great Qin, do you truly think these Confucian scholars deserve death?” At once the crowd roared in unison— “Kill! Kill! Kill!” “These stubborn old fossils have ruined the peace of Great Qin. They all deserve to die. We beg Your Highness to order the elimination of this threat to Great Qin.” “Chunyu Yue, do you see now? And you thought you could shake the foundation of Great Qin’s state?” “Under Qin law, rebellion against the ruler and rebellion against the will of the people are the gravest of crimes. The stain of your being a traitorous minister and rebel against Great Qin can never be erased.” Fusu rushed over in alarm and pleaded, “Big—Big Brother, please spare—spare Teacher Chunyu.” “Hmph. That traitor Chunyu Yue led this mob of Confucian scholars with the intent to force the palace and rebel. He cannot be spared. Pass on this Crown Prince’s order.” “Your subordinate respectfully obeys the Crown Prince’s command.” “Kill all the rebellious Confucians beneath the city walls.” The Confucian scholars were terrified out of their wits. “Ah—kill—!” “Ying Qi, how dare you?!” “Your Highness, Your Highness the Crown Prince, spare us!” “Ying Qi, you tyrannical brute! I alone will bear my own deeds—if you want to kill, kill only me. Do not drag others into this, do not drag others into this!” “Chunyu Yue, even now you still don’t understand? It is the whole world that wants to kill you.” Fusu cried out, “Teacher! Teacher!” “Young Master, as the great Confucian hope, do not forget this old minister when you are in Heaven, waiting for the day that brute lowers his head to you.” “Big Brother, Your Highness the Crown Prince, Teacher was only too stubborn, wholeheartedly thinking of me, and thus became muddleheaded and foolish for a moment.” The young Ying Qi immediately rewarded Fusu with a slap. “Do you think he threatened Father King for your sake? From beginning to end, all he cared about was his dream of a Confucian world, and you were only his chess piece. You keep saying he was wholeheartedly devoted to you, so let me ask you this: if not by borrowing your name and prestige, what talent or virtue did Chunyu Yue have to summon five thousand great scholars overnight? If he had succeeded today in reinstating enfeoffment, then even if he died and came back to life, Confucian rites and teachings would stand above royal authority. Even if you were king, you would be nothing more than his puppet. And when Great Qin faced disaster in the future, you would be the sinner.” Fusu was horrified and unable to accept the truth. “No—how could this be possible?” “Fusu, it is because of you that I have said these extra words. With your mind, you naturally know whether what I say is true or false. So tell me—do you still think Chunyu Yue and those stubborn old Confucians do not deserve death?” After being thoroughly talked through, Fusu finally came to his senses. “Many thanks, Elder Brother. Fusu understands now. Chunyu Yue deserves to die.” “Today, this Crown Prince kills the stubborn Confucian scholars and stains Xianyang with blood— with the intent of cowing all under Heaven. From this day forward, no one will dare challenge royal authority again. Later, this Crown Prince will carry out benevolent governance throughout the land, reduce taxes across the realm, and let the people under Heaven live in warmth and plenty. To establish the heart for Heaven and Earth, to establish life for the people, to continue the lost learning of past sages, and to open an age of great peace for ten thousand generations. I will rebuild Confucianism with my own hands. Before long I will burn the books, and the treasures passed down through thousands of years of history will be in the palm of my hand.” “And I myself will become history.” The people erupted in excited cheers. “Kill! Well done! Great Qin for ten thousand years! Your Highness the Crown Prince for ten thousand years! Great Qin for ten thousand years! Your Highness the Crown Prince for ten thousand years!” “Chunyu Yue said I would be a king, but only today do I truly understand: if one wants to consolidate Great Qin’s realm, one must have thunderous methods like Elder Brother’s.” “Fusu, you truly have seen through it.” “Your Highness the Crown Prince, Fusu, as a prince of Great Qin, has lived for many years in luxury and is unfit for great responsibility. Fusu earnestly requests to go to the northern frontier to temper himself, in hopes of maturing soon so that I may assist Father King and assist Your Highness the Crown Prince.” “If you are sincere, then this Crown Prince permits you to take the post of Governor of the Northern Frontier Commandery.” “Withdraw.” “Thank you, Your Highness the Crown Prince.” Fusu is benevolent and filial, with some courage, but not enough. Yet now he has taken the initiative to seek hardship in a bitter land to temper himself. It seems he truly has grown up. In the future, Great Qin will have one more capable member of the royal clan. Qi’er, you can treat your own brothers well and painstakingly guide Fusu back to the right path. Father King is very pleased. “Father, you really do think highly of me. I treated Fusu this way entirely because he already had talent to begin with. If it were someone else, I would not waste my breath.” “Ah, what a fresh expression.” Ying Qi suddenly realized he had misspoken. “So should I call you Father, or Father King?” “No need. ‘Father’ is very good. I like it.” Even Ying Qi had to admire Ying Zheng’s adaptability. What should be said went unsaid. The adaptability of this First Emperor of the ages truly was extraordinary. “Qi’er, you said that because it was Fusu, you said more. What if it were someone else?” “What do you think? If that person stayed in line, I would guarantee him a lifetime of wealth and honor. But if he insisted on causing trouble, then I would show absolutely no mercy.” “Hahaha, then let fate decide for him. If Father wants to plead for him, do it while there is still time—I will not go easy.” “Hahaha, since when did I look soft-hearted in your eyes?” That night, Ying Qi was still discussing state affairs. “Among the thousand-plus Confucian scholars in court today, was there any movement?” “That line—‘To establish the heart for Heaven and Earth, to establish life for the people, to continue the lost learning of past sages, and to open an age of great peace for ten thousand generations’— today Your Highness overawed all the officials in court. As for the matter of suppressing the Confucians, there is no one who does not admire you. When the court is in turmoil, thunderous methods are the most appropriate. How are Fusu and Huhai doing?” “Reporting to Your Highness, Young Master Fusu has already put his equipment in order and departed for the northern frontier. Huhai, however, remains restless. Does Your Highness wish to make a move?” “Send shadow guards to protect Fusu well and ensure he travels safely all the way. As for Huhai, though there is no affection between us, he is still my blood brother. For Father’s sake, keep a close watch on him. For now, do not concern yourselves with him.” “Master, there is one more matter. It is the headquarters of the Black Ice Terrace hidden in the shadows. Your subordinate has searched the whole time and still cannot find it. Though the King and Your Highness are of one heart, there is still a powerful force hidden in the dark and outside our control. Your subordinate remains uneasy.” “Hahaha, if Father’s arrangements could be found by you, there would be nothing worth speaking of. This is exactly what makes it interesting. Even though I have come this far, there are still things about Ying Zheng that I admire and cannot surpass. There is only one First Emperor of the ages.” At this moment, Ying Zheng had also arrived. “There is no need to announce me. I will go in directly to see the Crown Prince.” “Father, why have you come? You two may withdraw for now.” “As you command.” “Qi’er, it is already so late and you are still handling state affairs?” “Father, you are the one to talk. Why have you suddenly come here so late?” “I came alone, naturally, because I have my reasons.” “Come with me. There are some things I should tell you now.” “Father, I did not know the Zhangtai Palace had such a place. Where are we going?” “You will know when we arrive.” Ying Zheng opened a hidden mechanism, and at once a secret door appeared. The two of them went down below together. A secret tunnel beneath the royal palace—back when the Six States were destroyed, the palaces of all the kingdoms had escape tunnels reserved for the royal family. “Father, could this be Great Qin’s escape tunnel?” “Qi’er, if this were an escape tunnel, would you use it?” “Of course not. That day the King of Han escaped through a secret tunnel— and I killed him in a wretched state. How disgraceful. The moment he chose to slink away through a secret tunnel like a dog, the state of Han had already perished. I believe that the Son of Heaven guards the gate of the nation, and that when the ruler dies, he dies with the state. If I were king, then even if one day a dynastic change came, I would not lose the dignity of a sovereign.” “Well said—‘The Son of Heaven guards the gate of the nation; the ruler dies with the state.’ Qi’er, you truly are worthy of being Heaven’s chosen son. Let me tell you: Great Qin has never had an escape tunnel. Since ancient times, the rulers of Qin have inherited this principle—if the state remains, the ruler remains; if the state falls, the ruler dies.” “Father, then what is this place?” “This is a place only a true ruler is qualified to enter. It is Great Qin’s greatest secret. Qi’er, today I am handing this place over to you.” Ying Qi was stunned. Great Qin’s greatest secret— “Qi’er, the successive former kings of Qin all took ruling the world as their greatest aspiration. Every generation of ruler did all it could to build Great Qin’s national strength and lay the foundation for Qin to unify the world. But the national strength I speak of is not what is seen in the open. Great Qin’s true lifeline is here. This is also the confidence that has allowed Great Qin to set its heart on possessing the world.” Even Ying Qi had to marvel—who could have imagined that deep within Great Qin’s secret tunnel there existed such a powerful thing? Ying Zheng raised his hand and activated another hidden door. The door opened, and the two continued inward. “Qi’er, this is the gold and silver stored up by Great Qin’s former kings of past generations. It would be enough for the world to use for a hundred years.” Ying Zheng then opened the second door. Inside the second door were bronze and weapons stored by successive kings for their descendants. “Great Qin must have the means to govern the realm by force; it cannot be without weapons. And this third door is extremely important. In the future, when you rule, you must cherish this place.” “This place stores all kinds of ancient books from past to present—astronomy and celestial signs, the geography of the world, weapons, hidden weapons, feng shui, statecraft—every kind of text is recorded here. This is the true world.” “I understand. Human hearts and thought are the true core of imperial arts.” “So the rulers of Great Qin long ago already saw through this point. If not for me, perhaps Fusu would also once have seen these things. Unfortunately, he was too useless. Before he ever had the chance to make use of such wealth and preserve Great Qin’s foundations, he would already have lost his life. And this secret would have been buried underground with him, which is why Qin Er Shi died.” “In all the generations of Great Qin, there was not a single foolish ruler, not a single pleasure-seeking monarch. That is why Great Qin had the foundation to unify the world. Qi’er, from now on, all this is yours. Now that Great Qin is unified, though I have not failed the dying wish of our ancestors, years of warfare have long since emptied the lands of Great Qin. Huaxia is covered in wounds—this is my sin. Great Qin’s future prosperity is entrusted to you, and these things are your capital.” “Father, what are you saying?” “For Great Qin to flourish, I certainly will not shirk. But you are still in the prime of life, so why speak now as though you were handing Great Qin over to me?” Hearing this, Ying Zheng laughed so hard he nearly bared all his teeth. “Hahaha! Don’t tell me you brat thought I was giving my last instructions?” “Uh… wasn’t that it?” “Then why were you talking like that?” “You misunderstood on your own—are you blaming Father for that? Since ancient times, the imperial family has been without affection. Not to mention clan members turning against each other, some people, once made Crown Prince, immediately begin hoping their father dies.” “You, on the other hand, truly have no greed or desire for this throne.” “No greed or desire? You think too highly of me. If this throne belonged to someone else, I would have cut off his head long ago. In the past, I respected you, so I willingly gave you my loyalty. But now, in my eyes, there is no longer a King of Qin—only my father, the father of all under Heaven. What son would contend with his father for power?” “Hahaha, good! Good son, good son. Qi’er, I truly should thank Heaven. If you had not returned to my side, I fear I would never in this lifetime have known such pure father-son affection.” “By the way, how do you plan to use this wealth? I hand it all over to you.” “Father, I think I understand now. So the reason you’re giving me these things is because you want to be lazy.” “At my age, with you so capable, what’s wrong with being lazy for a while? But to be serious, for now I do not plan to use this wealth. The world is at peace, and the people can recuperate. Only when Great Qin stands back up and returns to its proper course will this have its greatest use.” “Return to its proper course? You intend to raise troops? Are you planning to attack Baiyue or the northern frontier?” “Father, have you ever considered that under Heaven there is not only the Six States, Baiyue, and the northern frontier?” Ying Zheng was astonished and thought to himself: Outside the realm of Great Qin, is there another world? The efforts of our ancestors through the generations were only to subdue the Six States. Could it be that beyond Heaven there is yet another Heaven? Beyond Great Qin lies the entire world of this dimension, and beyond this world there is even the immortal realm. Of course there is a Heaven beyond Heaven. Great Qin’s road of conquest has only just begun. It is only that Great Qin’s current strength is still insufficient for such campaigns. “Mmm. It seems giving these things to you early truly was the right choice. If matters are truly as you say, then what is behind the fourth door will certainly be of use to you.” Even Ying Qi became curious. “Huh? What is it?” “It is the intelligence organization used exclusively by the King of Qin— the Black Ice Terrace. Your subordinates greet Your Majesty.” “All of you, rise.” So this was the Black Ice Terrace. Who could have imagined that such a powerful intelligence organization was hidden beneath the imperial city? No wonder Du Ruo had searched and searched without finding them. Ying Zheng then said, “Since ancient times, Great Qin’s Black Ice Terrace has belonged to the one who holds royal authority. But today, I wish to change that rule. From this day forward, in addition to being loyal to me, you must show the same loyalty to the Crown Prince of Great Qin, Ying Qi.” “We swear to die in loyal service to Your Majesty! We swear to die in loyal service to the Crown Prince! We swear to die in loyal service to Your Majesty! We swear to die in loyal service to the Crown Prince!” Though I had never doubted, as Du Ruo once said, that Father would use the Black Ice Terrace against me, I never expected I could so easily wield this organization—the most mysterious organization in all Great Qin. “Father, you are handing me your life-preserving talisman. Have you truly never once suspected that I might harbor thoughts of betrayal?” Ying Zheng then ordered Tie Ying to report the manpower and other details of the Black Ice Terrace to Ying Qi. “Yes. Please review it, Your Highness the Crown Prince. The Black Ice Terrace was established by Ying Quliang, Duke Li of Great Qin. It now has more than one hundred thousand hidden agents spread across” Across the realm, aside from intelligence work and assassination, it is also responsible for gathering folk craftsmen and practitioners of strange arts, as well as researching weapons. Ah Du Hei, does the Black Ice Terrace even research weapons itself? " " Yes, that's correct. Not only that, the Black Ice Terrace also has a treasury division responsible for conducting business to replenish the national treasury. Crown Prince, please look. These are master craftsmen from the Mohists, the Gongshu School, and the Hundred Schools, all brought in by the Black Ice Terrace to forge weapons for Great Qin. Many of them have now been incorporated into the Black Ice Terrace's organization. " Ying Zheng then drew the bow to test the power of this weapon, and the arrow shot straight into the stone wall ahead. The force cracked the wall all around it. Seeing where the arrow had lodged itself, the subordinates nearby could only stare with their mouths agape. As expected, Lord Wu'an's martial might is extraordinary. His reputation is truly deserved. To serve such an enlightened lord, I would die without regret. " Holding the weapon in his hand, Ying Zheng could not help but praise it. "Impressive. Though it cannot compare to my ten-stone bow, among all the world it is still a peerless weapon. Everyone under heaven knows that Your Highness the Crown Prince is heroic and valiant. Today, Tie Ying has seen it with his own eyes, and I am thoroughly convinced. The fact that you can make such exquisite weapons is what is truly impressive. Father really is father. I only thought of turning the Shadow Guards into my eyes; I never considered that they still had even greater room to grow. I've learned something. Your Highness the Crown Prince, this subordinate boldly wishes to ask Your Highness for a favor. " " Speak. This subject has led the Black Ice Terrace into battle several times against Your Highness's Shadow Guards, but I have never seen their true strength. I wish to know just how great the gap is between the Black Ice Terrace's secret agents and the intelligence forces under Your Highness's command. " Hearing this, the young man feigned ignorance. Huh? What intelligence force? I don't know what you're talking about. Ying Zheng patted him on the shoulder and said, "No need to pretend anymore. Your father has already handed everything over to you. Are you still unwilling to reveal even a little?" Ying Qi suddenly understood. Mm, it's not impossible to reveal some of it. Then how much should I show? Du Ruo, you heard what he said just now, right? Show Tie Ying a bit of your skill. Tie Ying was stunned and confused. Your Highness is talking to someone on the cave roof? There's someone else here? " " Not to mention that the Black Ice Terrace is heavily guarded—even a fly shouldn't be able to get in. Before he could recover from his shock, a streak of light suddenly appeared, pressing straight against his throat. Wh-what is this? The group of subordinates behind him were all in the same situation. If this had been a real assassination, they would already be dead. The whole group erupted in alarm, shouting, "Ambush! Defend yourselves!" Even Ying Zheng broke out in a cold sweat. Wh-what is going on? Ying Qi merely smiled and said, "Enough, that's enough." Du Ruo immediately revealed himself. Greetings, Master. Tie Ying, what do you think? Tie Ying was still frightened, constantly touching his neck. This was the cinnabar mark commonly used by the Shadow Guards as a signal. If they had truly struck, he would have died long ago. The men behind him were equally shaken. What was that? I really thought I was dead for sure. Not only could they infiltrate the Black Ice Terrace right in front of everyone, but in the blink of an eye they could also take the lives of dozens of guards and mine—what kind of skill is this? The Crown Prince's hidden guards are far beyond me. I had no power to resist at all. Ying Zheng laughed heartily. Hahaha, Tie Ying, Tie Ying, I never thought there would come a day when even you would suffer a loss. The Black Ice Terrace has existed for hundreds of years, yet it has been beaten by my son. Qi'er is formidable. Father, the Black Ice Terrace cannot really be said to have lost. My Shadow Guards only won in terms of martial power. But in terms of overall development, they still cannot compare with the Black Ice Terrace. " " Du Ruo, your movement technique is exquisite; I have never seen anything like it before. Could it be that what you use is the martial power Meng Wu once mentioned? I wonder how your skills compare to Qi'er's." Hearing this, Du Ruo was also stunned. The King knows about martial power? Th-this... can that really be spoken of? He immediately looked toward Ying Qi. Seeing his master's nod of permission, Du Ruo said, "In reply to Your Majesty, what this lowly one uses is indeed martial power, and these skills were all taught to me by His Highness the Crown Prince. But my meager abilities are utterly incomparable to those of His Highness. Then Qi'er... " "In reply to Your Majesty, His Highness the Crown Prince's strength is unfathomable. Even if he fell into the midst of an army of ten thousand on the battlefield, he could still withdraw unscathed. His Highness is called the Little God of Slaughter, and the title is truly deserved. No wonder he could train someone as capable as Du Ruo. If the Black Ice Terrace could belong to His Highness the Crown Prince, then Great Qin would surely become even more secure." Acting on the thought at once, Tie Ying asked Ying Zheng for a favor. "What is it?" Compared with Lord Du Ruo, this subject's abilities are mediocre. This subject is willing to yield the position of leader of the Black Ice Terrace and serve under Lord Du Ruo. " " I think that's a good idea. Qi'er, what do you think?" The young man was delighted and replied eagerly, "Father is wise." In history, Du Ruo had originally been the leader of the Black Ice Terrace. Unexpectedly, after going in a circle, he had returned to his original position—except now, the one he was loyal to was him. "By Father King's decree, from today onward Du Ruo shall be the leader of the Black Ice Terrace. I have taught you the methods of covert intelligence; you are to pass them on to the Black Ice Terrace without delay." " " This subordinate obeys. After everything had been arranged, Ying Zheng and Ying Qi stepped out of the secret chamber. Is it this late already? It seems we'll have to go straight to court. Qi'er, come with me. Huh? That wouldn't be appropriate. I'd better enter the main hall with the other officials instead. " " If I tell you to come, then come. This subject greets Your Majesty. May Your Majesty live ten thousand years. Rise, my lords. What matter is there to report today? " The Crown Prince may be the Crown Prince, but there is no reason for him to stand beside the King and receive the court's obeisance. That truly violates propriety. Your Majesty, today this old minister had intended to discuss the matter of a title after Your Majesty unifies the realm, but before that, I have another matter to speak of. Though His Highness the Crown Prince has the authority to oversee the state, he has not yet inherited the throne. To stand beside the ruler like this seems improper. Ying Qi glared, his face full of aggrieved helplessness. This is inappropriate indeed—why stir up these troublesome ministers? Just as Ying Qi was about to step down, Ying Zheng held him back. "You yourself just said it: Qi'er is the Crown Prince and regent. That means he is the future ruler. What is improper about it? From today onward, when the Crown Prince attends court, it is as though I attend court. To meet the Crown Prince is to meet me. Whoever disobeys shall be punished as a traitor!" The assembled ministers were once again shocked. To meet the Crown Prince is to meet the King—how is that any different from succession? Wouldn't this mean that from now on two sages attend court together? Do you all understand? The King's anger allowed no doubt. Fortunately, with the Crown Prince's talents, he is worthy of such honor. Why should we oppose it? We receive the decree. From now on, meeting the Crown Prince is as meeting the King. Hahaha, very good. Then regarding my post-unification title, do my lords have any better suggestions? The realm has been divided for hundreds of years and never before achieved peace. Great Qin, blessed by Heaven's mandate, has unified all under heaven. With such great merit, founding such an enterprise for a thousand generations, Your Majesty ought to be called the First King of All Ages. This subject believes Your Majesty should advance the title further and rule the world under the name Son of Heaven. For thousands of years there have been countless kings, yet the Son of Heaven stands above kingship. Only the title Son of Heaven can display Your Majesty's majesty. Son of Heaven... not bad, Little General. This proposal is very good. Qi'er, what do you think? Ahem, I think it's somewhat inappropriate. Father King's achievements in founding the unified Central Plains of Yan and Huang make him a true Great Emperor. Neither the titles of king nor Son of Heaven are worthy of Father King's noble status. Only the two characters Huangdi—Emperor—can display Father King's majesty. " " Father King is the sovereign who has founded eternal unification. He is the first Emperor from ancient times to the present. Therefore, he should be called the First Emperor. The First Emperor—what an imposing title. Father King should offer sacrifices to Heaven and perform the Fengshan rites at Mount Tai, establishing the first grand ceremony to worship Heaven in all ages. " " Supreme Emperor, perform Fengshan at Mount Tai; Heaven and Earth honor the Supreme Emperor. " We, your subjects, are convinced by what His Highness the Crown Prince has said. " Your Majesty has unified all under heaven; only the title Supreme Emperor can express Your Majesty's merit. Only Mount Tai, loftiest beneath the vast heavens, can contain Your Majesty's destiny and fortune. Ying Zheng laughed loudly in satisfaction. Hahaha, good. What a Supreme Emperor. What a First Emperor. Qi'er, I accept this honorific. Choose a day for the Fengshan rites at Mount Tai. Court dismissed. We respectfully send off Your Majesty, we respectfully send off the Crown Prince. First Emperor—I am very pleased. If I am the First Emperor, then Qi'er, though you will be the second emperor of Great Qin, you also have the merit of settling the world. So after me, you shall be Qin Wudi, the Second Emperor of Qin. Although this Second Emperor of Qin was different from the one in history, it still felt faintly like criticism. Haha. " " Mount Tai towers into the heavens; by offering sacrifice to Heaven and performing Fengshan there, we will surely obtain Heaven's blessing. The lands of our Great Qin shall endure for ten thousand generations. But there is much to prepare. During this time, Qi'er, do you have any plans? Father King, your son wishes to return to Yongcheng for a trip and move Mother's tomb to Xianyang. At the same time, Huhai was furious beyond measure. What? First Emperor of all ages, Mount Tai Fengshan, two sages attending court— Ying Qi, that bastard, that dog! All of those things should have been mine. Ying Qi, that mongrel stole everything from me. He deserves to die. Young Master, nothing has been decided yet. Why must you become so enraged and harm your own health? Now that Fusu has left Xianyang, we've already gotten rid of one powerful enemy. How can I not be frustrated? Fusu? What is Fusu worth? Ten Fusos would still be less troublesome than one Ying Qi. " " Young Master, opportunities must be waited for. After all, if a person dies, then nothing remains. Just then, a subordinate rushed in with news. Young Master, Minister Zhangtai has sent word: tomorrow or the day after, His Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince will depart for Yongcheng to move the late Queen's tomb. Young Master, doesn't that mean our opportunity has arrived? " Huhai broke into a sinister smile. Heh heh heh. " " His Majesty is setting out for Li Family Village in Yongcheng. " " Qi'er, what are you up to now? With all this fanfare outside, you only brought five hundred personal guards, making it look as though your defenses are lax. Hehe, Father still saw through it. I did it on purpose. The remnants of the six states have just begun hiding themselves again. If this time I can lure them out and wipe them all out in one stroke, wouldn't the timing be perfect? My five hundred martial guards are more than enough to deal with five thousand enemy troops. Mm, Qi'er has thought this through well. It's just that who will take the bait in the end is still unclear. Father, are you worried that Huhai will make a move? Could it be that I've underestimated Father's affection for Huhai? Does he want to cover for him? Qi'er, nothing can be hidden from you. Do you think I am that kind of indecisive person? Though Huhai is of my bloodline, he carries no weight compared with Great Qin's realm. " Ying Qi smiled. "So that's how it is. Then Father can be at ease. With both father and son leaving Xianyang together, danger will certainly emerge in court. So before departing, I already sent the Shadow Guards to monitor the hundred officials, along with all the young princes. I'm not afraid they'll make a move—I'm only afraid they won't. Father must thoroughly eradicate the internal enemy in court. This is a rare opportunity, and I will not let it pass. Only then can I build an even greater Qin in the future." Ying Zheng could not help but sigh in admiration. "Build a greater Qin? Qi'er, your ambition is truly vast. That's right. Once the martial state is at peace internally, it will be time for our Great Qin to expand its borders and destroy foreign enemies." After some time, the two finally arrived at Li Family Village in Yongcheng. The entire village respectfully welcomes Your Majesty, respectfully welcomes the Crown Prince. Long live Your Majesty, long live the Crown Prince, long live Great Qin. No need for such ceremony. Rise. Village Chief, over these years, I have troubled you with watching over my mother's tomb. This time I have returned to move Mother's grave to Xianyang. In the future, you can worry less about it. " The old village chief panicked. M-move... move the tomb? Is there something inappropriate about that? He stammered, "N-no, no. It's just that the Queen... the Queen lived here for twenty years. For the tomb to be moved so suddenly... it truly makes people reluctant to part." If that is the case, Father King, your son requests permission to move Mother's tomb immediately, so that Mother may rest in peace as soon as possible. " " Mm, that suits my wishes. Suddenly, the old man cried out, "Your Highness the Crown Prince! Your Majesty! The Queen... the Queen, she..." The man behind him quickly said, He should tell the truth. Paper cannot wrap fire forever. How much longer can we keep this hidden? Besides, for His Highness the Crown Prince and His Majesty, this is truly a good thing. Mm, let me think... It has been hidden for nearly ten years. How am I supposed to say it now? No... it's just that I have no way to face His Highness the Crown Prince. There are also instructions left here by Miss Dong'er. " At this moment, the ritual master was dancing and chanting as part of the rites for retrieving the remains. "Buried in splendid earth, dwelling long at the gate of wealth and honor, the soul returns to its old home, and eternal virtue remains. The auspicious hour has arrived—break the earth and move the tomb. The auspicious hour has arrived—break the earth and move the tomb. Your Majesty the Queen, return in spirit to your old home. Dong'er, Brother Zheng has come to take you home. From now on, we will never be separated again." Ying Qi thought to himself, Can things really go this smoothly? The village chief's hesitation clearly means he's hiding something. At that very moment, countless arrows suddenly shot toward Ying Zheng and Ying Qi. " Qi'er, your tactic of using yourself as bait has worked." "Yes, Father. The show is only beginning." At once, Ying Qi raised his hand and formed a shield that blocked the incoming arrows. The leader of the assassins charged forward ferociously to clear the way. "Brothers, kill the father and son of the King of Qin! Riches and honor will await us after this! Kill! Kill! Kill!" Ying Qi immediately gave the order, "They dare disturb my mother's peace—kill them all. Leave no one alive!" The assassins were extremely smug. Hahaha, we have over three thousand men. Are we supposed to fear your mere few hundred? Ying Qi, become the stepping stone to my wealth and glory! " But as soon as he finished speaking, the subordinates behind him were already thrown into utter chaos. Cries of pain rang out without end. The commotion was so great that he glanced back, his face instantly turning deathly pale. What the hell? What's going on? What kind of arrows are these? They don't stop at all. Aah! Damn it, run! Run! The other side has divine weapons! Divine weapons! Ying Qi sneered. "You don't even recognize my repeating crossbows? A bunch of useless trash who have never set foot on a battlefield—only Huhai and Zhao Gao could raise something like you." "Boss, boss, they saw through us! What do we do? What do we do?" "Damn it, and you're still worrying about that now? Retreat, quickly! Pass the order—everyone fall back!" But before they could run very far, they were blocked and surrounded by Ying Qi's subordinates. "The Master has given the order: leave no one alive. None of you are getting away." The moment those words fell, Li Qing swung his sword and sent countless enemies back to the earth. The assassin leader was utterly horrified now, muttering nonstop, "What is going on? There were clearly only a few hundred men. Our army of three thousand was just slaughtered like this? We didn't even get a chance to resist." My lord, do you even know what kind of opponent you're facing? My lord, do you even know who your enemy is? These are people we could never defeat. How are we supposed to win against a god? Ying Qi is the God of Slaughter. At the battlefield, thunderbolts kept crashing down without cease. The assassins were quickly wiped out by Ying Qi's subordinates. Ying Zheng asked with a warm smile, "Summoning thunder from flat ground—Qi'er, is that the power of your subordinates' martial strength?" Yes. I will not spare a single one of these assassins. Once we return to Xianyang, can you spare Huhai's life? " " I will follow Father King's wishes. Your son knows that what Father least wishes to see is brothers killing brothers. But what he has done is no longer filial conduct from a son. His goal was not only to kill your son, but also to kill Father King himself." Ying Zheng closed his eyes and sighed deeply. "For that position, he has gone mad. Qi'er, what a ruler must avoid most is a soft woman's heart. You understand this better than I do. At this moment, the men digging up the tomb suddenly shouted, "Ah! Th-this is..." Ying Zheng immediately stepped forward and asked, "What is it?" " " In reply to Your Majesty, Your Highness the Crown Prince, the Queen's tomb... inside the tomb..." "Speak! What happened?" "Y-yes, in reply—inside the tomb, the Queen's tomb is completely empty. There is no body." Ying Zheng and Ying Qi were both utterly shaken. What? " Ying Qi immediately ran to the village chief's house. "Village Chief! At that moment, the old village chief was carrying medicine to his sickly son. Hearing the shout, he jerked and looked toward the door. Earlier, you hesitated and said nothing. When you heard I wanted to move my mother's tomb, you panicked. Why exactly? Did you know that my mother's body was gone? The old man stammered, "Th-this..." "Father, His Highness the Crown Prince has already discovered it. Don't hide it anymore. Hurry and speak." "Sigh, fine." The old man immediately dropped to his knees and told the whole story. "Your Highness the Crown Prince, please forgive me. This old man accepted a trust and thus hid this secret from you for nearly ten years. The truth is, Her Majesty the Queen did not die. Her Majesty is still alive in this world." What? Mother didn't die? What is going on? This matter must be explained starting from eight years ago. At that time, this old man was hoeing the earth when Dong'er came to check once more on my son's illness. There are no more problems. It's just that in the future he must not overwork himself. Whenever the seasons change, he needs to... Take the medicine. Really? Thank heavens, this is already wonderful enough. All the other physicians said he was beyond saving. If not for Sister Dong'er, I'm afraid my son's life couldn't have been preserved. If that had happened, I wouldn't have wanted to live either. Dong'er only smiled and said, "A parent's love for their child is this great. Their life and future are always what worries us most." "Little Sister Dong'er, why do you suddenly seem so sad? Could it be that boy Qi, he doesn't..." "No, no. Qi'er is doing very well. It's just that Qi'er is a child with ambition. I know that the Li family and this tiny village are not the world he belongs in." Qi'er wants to leave, but because he worries about me, he cannot go do what he truly wants to do. As his mother, in the end, I've only held him back. Village Chief, I want to ask you for a favor. For Qi'er's sake as well, please agree to it. "Oh, Sister Dong'er, you've shown great kindness to my whole family. If you need something, just say it. There's no need to be like this. As long as I live another day, Qi'er definitely won't leave. Only if I die will Qi'er be able to cut off all his worries." That's how it happened. Dong'er was stubborn, and I couldn't persuade her, so I could only agree. Two days later, she took a fake-death medicine. Ying Qi was instantly stunned. "What? Fake-death medicine? How could Mother do something like this?" "And after that?" "After that, heartbroken, you knelt before your mother's grave. Yuan'er came to comfort you. 'Brother Qi, if you keep this up, watching over this place for two days without eating a thing, if she knew in heaven, how heartbroken she would be.' I was hiding in the distance and witnessed it all. That fake-death medicine can make a person lose all signs of life for two days." So I waited for the right moment. After you left, I immediately dug open the grave and rescued Dong'er. "Sister Dong'er, are you alright? You scared me to death. That boy Qi actually kept vigil in front of your grave for two whole days. Was there really no other way? Why did you have to do this?" "Like father, like son. Qi'er's temperament is just like his father's. If I didn't do this, neither of them would ever let go. A true man sets his sights on the world. I can't become their burden." "Dong'er, I promise I will keep this secret for you. But even if you're leaving, you at least have to tell me where you're going, right? Otherwise I truly won't be at ease." "Don't worry. I'm simply going back to where I came from." After hearing this, Ying Qi fell into deep thought. Going back to where she came from... Mother, where exactly are you? Seeing his son's absent-minded, pensive look, Ying Zheng spoke up and asked, "Qi'er, what did the village chief say?" "Father, Mother is still alive." Ying Zheng's eyes widened at the news. He rushed toward Ying Qi, hugging him as he broke into sobs. A king who stood high above all, now had tears streaming down his face, crying like a child. Ying Qi also could no longer hold back his emotions, and tears kept pouring out. Heaven has treated me well. Not only has my beloved son returned to the ancestral line, but even the woman I love is still alive in this world. I have fought all my life and never imagined that one day I too would have my family reunited. "But Father, we still don't know where Mother is." "As long as Dong'er is still alive in this world, what does it matter if I have to search the whole land?" But if someone truly wishes to hide, how can they be found? Father, you searched painstakingly for Mother for twenty years yourself. But there's one thing I can't figure out. Mother chose seclusion for the sake of my future. Now that you and I have recognized each other, logically speaking, she has no reason to keep hiding. So why still not show herself? Father, before Mother left, she said, "Go back to where I came from." Can you think of where that might be? "Go back to where I came from?" Ying Zheng immediately began to recall. "Brother Zheng, we've finally escaped. From here on, we'll begin a new life." The place Dong'er came from definitely wasn't that heartless land of Zhao. Then there is only one possibility: Daitang Commandery. Ying Qi immediately urged Li Qing to move faster and reach Daitang Commandery in the shortest possible time. "Understood, Your Highness." In the blink of an eye, they arrived at Daitang Commandery. At the commandery seat, a servant rushed in in panic to report, "Sir! Sir!" Why are you panicking? Did the sky over Daitang collapse? Whatever it is, speak slowly. Panting, the servant said, "Th-the King has arrived. The King brought His Highness the Crown Prince and suddenly came to our commandery. They are now already seated in the commandery office waiting for you." Hearing this, he was so shocked he spat out the mouthful of tea in his mouth. Damn it, you idiot, why didn't you say something this important earlier? "Uh... didn't you tell this subordinate to speak slowly?" At that moment, he was already kneeling before Ying Zheng and Ying Qi. "This minister did not know that Your Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince had arrived. I failed to leave the city to welcome you. I beg Your Majesty's forgiveness, and Your Highness's forgiveness." "Enough. Rise. Don't delay any longer. Does Your Majesty have any instructions? This minister will certainly do his utmost." Ying Qi then took out a portrait of Dong'er and showed it to him. "Look at the woman in this portrait. Does she seem familiar? Father and I have come this time to find her. But whether she is using another name now, we do not know." He stared at it carefully. "Oh! Isn't this Miss Dong'er? Ying Zheng immediately shot to his feet and urgently asked, "You know Dong'er?" "Replying to Your Majesty and Your Highness, Miss Dong'er came to the commandery seven years ago and called herself a physician. She treated the people in the city. Later, when the plague broke out, most of the people in the commandery benefited from her kindness. No one here doesn't know her." Seven years ago... that's right. Where is she now? "Well... back then, the plague was raging in the city and couldn't be contained. Later, Miss Dong'er feared that the people in the mountains would receive no treatment, so she personally entered the mountains." "But... but the very place Miss Dong'er went to suffered a landslide. The only road into the village was completely buried by the mountain. I'm afraid Miss Dong'er... I'm afraid Miss Dong'er is more likely dead than alive." Hearing this, both men's legs went weak, and unease and anxiety filled their hearts. They immediately hurried to that place. "Dong'er came here seven years ago?" "Replying to Your Majesty, this is the road into the mountain village. At first, we also wanted to move this huge boulder away or go over the mountain on the other side. But sadly, our strength was insufficient. This place has now been buried for more than six years. I'm afraid Miss Dong'er and the villagers inside are all more likely dead than alive." Hearing this, Ying Zheng felt his heart almost stop. His whole body swayed. Ying Qi panicked and supported him. "Father, are you alright?" "Your Majesty, you... this is..." The man was inwardly baffled. What background did Dong'er have, to affect the King like this? "This minister is foolish and did not know that Miss Dong'er is..." Ying Zheng then answered the question in his heart. "Dong'er is my long-lost queen, the Crown Prince's birth mother." He froze and broke out in a cold sweat. "This minister deserves death ten thousand times. I will immediately mobilize all our strength. We can definitely move this boulder away. Two months—no, within one month, we will certainly reopen the mountain road." At this moment, Ying Qi was still supporting Ying Zheng, while Ying Zheng was overcome with grief, calling Dong'er's name again and again. "Dong'er, I thought husband and wife would finally be reunited, but I never imagined Heaven still wanted to punish me. It can take my life if it wants—why make you suffer like this?" "Father, this is not yet the time for sorrow. I believe Mother must be protected by Heaven. The urgent matter now is to clear away this mountain of rock so we can continue searching for Mother." "Qi'er is right. Immediately gather all the able-bodied men in the commandery. Within half a month, I want to see this mountain road cleared." Ying Qi spoke up at once. "There is no need for half a month. Father, please withdraw a hundred meters. I will move that huge boulder right now." "Qi'er, what method can you use to move this huge rock immediately?" "Heh, of course—the power of martial cultivation. Father, haven't you always wanted to see my true strength?" As he spoke, the young man gathered his qi. His whole body was now enveloped in golden light, continuously radiating a powerful aura. Standing behind him, Ying Zheng shouted loudly, "Qi'er, be careful in all things!" "Hmph, just a tiny rock dares block my path? Break apart for me!" The moment he finished speaking, the young man swung his sword and slashed straight toward the boulder before him. Boom! A terrifying explosion erupted. Earth and stone shattered instantly, and a road appeared. "Mother, your son has come to take you home." Oh my God, His Highness the Crown Prince split the giant rock apart! What kind of divine power is this? His Highness the Crown Prince must be a god descended to earth. Even Ying Zheng was shocked by the scene before him. So this is Qi'er's power? The power of martial cultivation is truly terrifying. That mountain-like boulder couldn't withstand even a single blow. On the other side of the giant rock, the tremor threw the people there into panic. "What happened? That sound was so loud—could there have been another collapse?" A middle-aged man hurriedly ran in to report. "Village Chief!" "Dazhuang, what was that sound?" Still panting for breath, he said, "Th-the giant rock blocking our way out of the village has shattered. Village Chief, we can go out now!" The old man asked in disbelief, "What? That rock? Our whole village dug at it for six years without success. How did it suddenly break apart?" "The King and His Highness the Crown Prince have come looking for the Queen and to save us. During these six years that we've been trapped, Great Qin has already unified the realm. The King and the Crown Prince will enter the village very soon. I came ahead to tell everyone." "Hahaha, Great Qin has unified the realm! Not only can we go out now, we can also live peaceful lives. I never expected we'd be fortunate enough to be saved by the King and His Highness the Crown Prince. Dazhuang, you said the King and the Crown Prince came to find the Queen. What does that mean?" "Ah, they said Her Majesty the Queen came here and ended up trapped in our village." "This is her portrait. See if you can guess who it is." The village chief opened the painting and looked. "Huh? Isn't this Miss Dong'er? So the fairy who saved us six years ago was actually Her Majesty the Queen." In her home, Dong'er was still hard at work, thinking to herself, That sound just now seemed like a mountain collapse. I hope no one was hurt. But why does my heart feel so uneasy? Suddenly, a cry rang out: "Mother!" Dong'er jolted and turned around, only to see Ying Zheng and Ying Qi hurrying toward her. As Ying Qi ran, he shouted, "Mother!" Behind him, Ying Zheng also kept calling, "Dong'er! Dong'er, it really is you." Dong'er thought she was hallucinating. Is this because I've missed them too much, so I'm seeing things? Qi'er... why does it seem like I can see you? And Brother Zheng too? The two of them rushed forward and embraced Dong'er. "Dong'er, this isn't an illusion. Brother Zheng made you wait far too long. Today, I've come to take you home." "Mother, our family won't play hide-and-seek anymore." Tears welled in Dong'er's eyes. "This isn't a dream? It really isn't a dream? My Qi'er, and my Brother Zheng, are both by my side." The family of three was overjoyed now, talking happily together. "I never expected so many things had happened over the years. For Qi'er to have achieved so much, and now even return to the ancestral line—truly, I have no regrets left in this life." Ying Zheng immediately switched into flirt mode. "For over twenty years, every meal I've eaten has tasted like wax. Now that I've finally had tea brewed by Dong'er, I've at last tasted a little sweetness. Dong'er, come back with me." Ying Qi got goosebumps hearing this. These corny lines—Father really knows how to woo someone. Dong'er smiled and said, "No, I can't go back." "Why not, Dong'er? Even though the realm is now pacified, the court and the world are not the same thing. I come from a humble background. If the people spread rumors, it would be bad for both father and son, and even worse for the state. Besides, Brother Zheng, you already announced to the world long ago that I was dead. If a ruler changes his word again and again, he will become a laughingstock." "Dong'er, you can't abandon me again. Back then I was powerless, but now you must believe me. Brother Zheng can protect you completely. I won't let you suffer grievances and make compromises anymore." Dong'er was still worried and hesitant, but seeing this, Ying Zheng went all in. "At worst, I will hand the throne to Qi'er and tell the world that I am dead. Then we can find a place to live in seclusion and stop concerning ourselves with the state and court affairs." Hearing this, Dong'er was badly startled. "How could that possibly be allowed?" Even Ying Qi was speechless at this older couple showering everyone with romance. What do you mean it can't? Qi'er is outstanding—he is the rightful heir to my Great Qin. I would not be ashamed before Qin's ancestral forefathers. From this day on, even if the Jade Emperor himself descends, I will not part from you again. "Brother Zheng, don't be like this. As an emperor, how can you be this willful?" Ying Zheng was about to continue persuading Dong'er properly when he suddenly noticed that his son was still sitting right in front of them. Without a single wasted movement, he kicked his son right out the door. "Go play outside. Your mother and I still have things to say." Ying Qi could only resign himself to being kicked outside. Tsk, tsk. What a wife slave. Once he has a wife, his son is no longer precious, huh? Where is the bearing of an emperor now? Ying Qi smiled happily and looked up at the sky, enjoying the warmth of family. So this is what it feels like for the whole family to be together. Not bad at all. Just then, a subordinate came forward to report. "Come in. You came at this time—is there news from Xianyang?" "Master is wise. The list in Xianyang has already been fully investigated. It concerns a major matter, so I ask Master to decide." "You need not act for the time being. Continue monitoring them. But when I return to court, a bloody purge will be unavoidable." Set out for Xianyang. The assembled officials immediately bowed in salute, seeing the King off back to court. The subordinate asked in confusion, "Master, why aren't you riding together with His Majesty? Could something happen ahead?" Ying Qi said helplessly, "I'm simply used to riding a horse." The young man then remembered what his father had said: "Qi'er, if three people sit in the carriage, won't it be a little cramped?" Father, I'm being considerate of your lovesickness after more than twenty years apart. Ying Qi then turned and instructed his subordinates, "Right. Before I return to court, keep watch over Xianyang. As for those troublemaking rabble, spare not a single one." "Understood." After days of travel, Ying Zheng and Ying Qi finally returned to Xianyang. "We ministers pay our respects to Your Majesty. May Your Majesty live ten thousand years! May Great Qin endure ten thousand years! We ministers also greet the Crown Prince." "Rise, my lords." "Thank you, Your Majesty." At this moment, Hu Hai was in utter panic. What the hell? I sent three thousand men, so how is Ying Zheng still alive? No wonder no one came back to report—those bastards must have failed the mission. But for this operation, I specifically ordered people to disguise themselves as remnants of the six states. It shouldn't have been exposed, right? Ying Qi then cast a killing gaze straight at Hu Hai. Hu Hai's expression changed drastically in terror. Is he... is he looking at me? No, no, impossible. I handled everything so cleanly. Stay calm. It'll definitely be fine. Ying Qi inwardly sneered. Hmph, such a panicked piece of trash. Not even a trace of the bearing of a superior. No wonder Great Qin would soon be ruined in your hands. Ying Zheng then began to speak. "Last month, the Crown Prince and I went together to Li Family Village to leave the Queen's mausoleum. Now that I have returned to court, there are two major matters I must make clear to all of you. First, I have discovered that the Queen did not die. She has now returned with me, and on an auspicious day she will formally take charge of the inner palace as mother of the realm. Great Qin now lacks nothing more." The faces of the assembled officials lit up with delight. "Such a thing happened? This truly is Great Qin's good fortune. We congratulate Your Majesty! We congratulate Your Majesty!" Ying Zheng continued, "The second matter is that I have decided from this day forward to hand authority over to the Crown Prince. From now on, unless it concerns the foundation of the state, all matters shall be decided by the Crown Prince." All the ministers below immediately began objecting noisily. "What? This is different from merely acting as regent—Your Majesty even wants to directly hand power to the Crown Prince? Your Majesty, this cannot be done. You are in your prime, wise beyond the ages. Why would you make such a decision? We beg Your Majesty to reconsider." Ying Zheng grew angry, his hand gripping the armrest tightly. "Hmph! Are you questioning my decree? Or are you saying that the Crown Prince of Great Qin, the Martial Peace Lord who unified the six states, is still not enough to make you willingly submit?" "Th-this... if His Highness the Crown Prince takes power, naturally we have no other choice. It's only that it does not accord with propriety." "Propriety? Nothing stands above royal authority. Besides, His Majesty has not abdicated. There is nothing improper in the Crown Prince managing state affairs." By this point, Hu Hai's face had already turned deathly pale, and a chill ran through his heart. "We ministers shall obey Your Majesty's decree." "Good. From this day onward, the Crown Prince shall attend court in my place and administer state affairs. All civil and military officials of the court shall obey the Crown Prince's directives without the slightest error. Qi'er, Great Qin is entrusted to you from here on." "Please rest assured, Father. Your son will absolutely not disappoint you." "Mm. Whatever you want to do, just do it. I grant you absolute royal authority." Now you are the true Great Qin. Once I cast off this burden, I can finally stay by Dong'er's side in peace. Ying Qi was helpless. Sigh, you're becoming more and more like a man in love. But Father's decision is understandable too. After all, what comes next has to be handled by me. "My lords, do you know what the first thing I intend to do upon presiding over court is?" "This minister is ignorant. We ask Your Highness the Crown Prince to make it clear. We will certainly obey Your Highness's command." "You truly don't know? When Father and I went to Li Family Village, we encountered assassins. The other side had more than three thousand men and came fully prepared. Fortunately, Father is blessed by fate and did not fall into danger." "What? Assassins tried to murder Your Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince? Such audacity! Those assassins should be wiped out root and branch—execute their entire clans!" Hu Hai trembled as he tried to steer the conversation away. "C-could it have been the remnants of the six states?" Ying Qi sighed inwardly. Hmph, all of them are important Qin ministers. I have already investigated the mastermind behind the assassination attempt in Xianyang this time. It was not the work of just one person. I will give you one chance now: step forward yourselves, and I may spare your entire clan. At this moment, the whole crowd fell completely silent, not daring to utter a single word. It seems no one wants to confess. Then don't blame me for being merciless. Li Qing, Xin Sheng, heed my order. At once, the two of them led troops inside. The two of you, arrest everyone who took part in this assassination attempt. Your subordinates obey! In an instant, many people were dragged away. “Your Highness! Crown Prince! I am innocent, innocent! I am loyal to Great Qin—please see clearly, Your Highness!” Hu Hai met the same fate. Furious, he shouted, “Ying Qi, what are you trying to do? How dare you lay hands on me! Don’t think that just because Father favors and trusts you, you can do whatever you want. You’re deliberately framing me!” “Hmph, deliberately framing you? You know perfectly well what you have done. I already gave you a chance, but you did not know how to cherish it.” Terrified, he kept screaming, “I want to see Father! Father!” Ying Qi slowly walked toward him. “Hu Hai, at a time like this, you still want Father to save you? Yet you tried to assassinate Father and assassinate me—what kind of logic is that? As Father’s son, he never demanded that you be extraordinary, only that you live in peace. Yet for your own selfishness, you wanted to kill your father and your elder brother.” “For this crime, I will not spare you, and Great Qin cannot keep you either.” Hu Hai no longer knew what to say, because he knew there was little hope of surviving this time. “I now pronounce Hu Hai a commoner. Expel him from the royal clan. Announce his crimes to the world. Tomorrow, he will be executed.” He wailed and begged, “No! No! Father, Father, spare my life! Your son was wrong—I truly know my mistake now! Big Brother, Crown Prince, we are blood relatives, don’t kill me!” Ying Qi coldly continued, “As for all those who participated in this assassination attempt, throw them all into prison and execute them tomorrow. Exterminate the clans of all rebels and traitors. Regardless of men or women, old or young, spare no one. Wipe out their families, and confiscate all their wealth into the state treasury. Royal authority is supreme and must not be defied.” “I will let the whole world see the consequences of going against the royal house.” The men who had taken part in the assassination were now shackled and escorted away, waiting for tomorrow to return to dust. “My lords, does anyone have any objections to my handling of this matter?” “Your Highness is wise! We are filled with admiration!” Ying Qi’s methods in ruling the state were even more ruthless than the King’s. Royal descendants and a third of the court officials—he killed them the moment he said so. But after this, probably no one would dare defy him again. Today, it was not only a storm of bloodshed in this court hall. It was also a storm of bloodshed among Xianyang’s officials. The rebels had now all been handed a one-way ticket off this earth. Before the gaze of all the people, Ying Qi smiled and turned probing eyes toward Wang Guan. The old man stammered, “This old minister...” “You have seen how many traitorous rebels there are in this court. As Chancellor of Great Qin and leader of the hundred officials, do you have anything to say?” Ying Qi wants to make an example of me? But I ask myself, I have never made an enemy of him. No, that’s not right. Ying Qi is not targeting me because we are at odds, but because I blocked the path for him to appoint his own people. As the Crown Prince Regent of Great Qin, having just taken power, he is eager to build up his own forces and trusted confidants. If I still fail to read the situation and keep standing in his way, I fear even my little life will be in danger. The old man let out a heavy breath, regained his calm, then decided to take out the Chancellor’s seal. “This old minister is advanced in years and failed in employing the right people, nearly causing turmoil in the court. Fortunately, Your Highness has set things right. This old minister knows he is guilty and unworthy of the Chancellor’s position. I beg Your Highness to allow this old minister to retire and return home.” Ying Qi smiled in satisfaction. So, you know what’s good for you. “I permit it.” “Many thanks for Your Highness’s gracious favor.” Li Si felt uneasy inside. Even a neutral minister like Wang Guan had been dealt with, so what about me? Ever since Ying Qi gained power, I have kept my head down and humbled myself to protect myself. Surely he won’t make a move against me... right? After all, I am still his father-in-law. Not only Li Si—even those old men who had once intended to oppose Ying Qi were panicking, wishing they could curl up and vanish on the spot. Li Si, oh Li Si, now you know fear? Ying Qi immediately called for Li Si. He jolted in shock, his heart almost leaping out of his chest. “Y-your subject is here.” “Now that Minister Wang has retired, the Chancellor’s position is vacant. Court Commandant Li, who do you think can assume the office of Chancellor?” If I had chosen Ying Qi back then, this Chancellor’s position would have been mine. But now I cannot say that. Ying Qi, are you slapping me in the face on purpose? Frightened and bitter, he stammered, “This minister believes... this minister believes Han Fei is suitable for the position.” Ying Qi deliberately acted as though he had not heard clearly and asked loudly, “Hm? What did Court Commandant Li say? I didn’t hear clearly.” Heh heh, Li Si, today I, Ying Qi, will make you personally hand over what you’ve coveted for so long—and hand it to the person you hate most. Li Si clenched his teeth so hard he looked ready to explode with rage. “This minister believes Han Fei is broadly learned and can serve as Chancellor.” “Good. I am very satisfied with the man recommended by Court Commandant Li. Feng Quji, Han Fei, receive my order.” “Your subject is here.” “Today, I divide the office of Chancellor into Left and Right. Han Fei shall serve as Left Chancellor, Feng Quji as Right Chancellor. Both are to be promoted by one rank and share the powers of the Chancellor’s office.” “Your Highness is wise!” The lord truly is a born king. He uses the art of balance brilliantly, even thinking to let the powers of the Left and Right Chancellors restrain one another. Ha ha, Li Si, now you know what you have lost, and what kind of person you provoked. After resigning, Wang Guan was just about to leave when Li Qing suddenly came over and called out, “Minister Wang, please wait.” “General Li, why are you waiting here? Now that this old fool has resigned, I can no longer be called Minister Wang. If His Highness hears it, I fear misunderstandings may arise.” The old man asked in confusion, “Waiting for me?” “Yes. His Highness the Crown Prince knows that Minister Wang is upright and incorruptible—” “—so he specially prepared this carriage of property for you to enjoy your old age.” “Ha ha, His Highness is truly thoughtful. He has indeed given this old man great face. Please trouble General Li to convey this old man’s many thanks to His Highness. With His Highness safeguarding Great Qin—” “—it will surely enjoy lasting prosperity and peace.” With that, Wang Guan boarded the carriage and left. “Ha ha ha, Qin prospers, prospers indeed!” While he was leaving in high spirits, he suddenly heard shouts. “Injustice! Injustice! We never went against the Crown Prince!” He immediately cast his eyes in that direction. It turned out the one screaming miserably was Zhao Gao. Even while being dragged away under arrest, he was still extremely arrogant. “Let me go! I am Young Master Hu Hai’s teacher! Open your dog eyes and see clearly—I am Zhao Gao!” “Hmph, who cares whether you’re Zhao Gao or Zhao Low? Hu Hai has already been demoted to commoner and sentenced to death. What do you amount to, Zhao Gao?” Seeing this scene, Wang Guan could only sigh with emotion. His Highness the Crown Prince truly acts with astonishing speed. Starting today, this court has changed. In a single night, he wiped out the entire faction and bathed Xianyang in blood, without the slightest hesitation. Other than the Crown Prince, who could have done it? With a single chop, the heads of those guilty ministers fell from their necks. A group of court officials belonging to Ying Qi would soon appear in this court. In the Qin royal palace, the world of Great Qin would belong to Ying Qi. But this was also a good thing, was it not? A new era had begun. After those guilty ministers died, their souls drifted away. Then they gathered in Great Qin’s main hall and rushed straight toward Ying Qi. At this moment, Ying Qi still knew nothing of it and loudly ordered the court dismissed. “We respectfully see off Your Highness the Crown Prince!” Suddenly, all the souls of the condemned merged into Ying Qi’s body, startling the young man, who had no idea what was happening. The system immediately notified him. “Bloodbath in Xianyang: experience points received. Host may prepare to level up at any time.” Heh heh, I’ve finally waited until today. Level 21, Grandmaster Realm. The moment he returned to his room, Ying Qi began cultivating, using spirit stones to increase his cultivation speed. Good thing I had two mid-grade spirit stones. That made breaking through the critical barrier much smoother. “Congratulations, Host, on gaining enough experience to level up. Would Host like to level up?” Do you even need to ask? Level me up. “Processing Host’s command. Beginning level-up now.” In this world where spiritual energy is so thin, reaching the Grandmaster Realm should have been impossible. But with the system’s support, as long as I have enough experience, nothing can stop me. Success—Grandmaster Realm! “Ding! Congratulations, Host, on successfully advancing to Level 21, Grandmaster Realm. You have received one opportunity to unlock a secondary profession.” Oh? I can unlock another secondary profession? “Ding! Host has successfully advanced to Level 21, Grandmaster Realm.” “Reward: mid-grade Earth-rank martial skill, Flying Sword at a Hundred Paces. Reward: 500 mid-grade spirit stones.” After reaching the Grandmaster Realm, the spirit stone rewards turned into mid-grade ones. That will make future cultivation much easier. It’s just that this secondary profession requires careful choice. It can’t conflict with beast taming. Unlike before, I now hold royal power in my hands. Next, I have to open the path of a martial empire. So this is no longer just about me leveling up my own strength. The young man imagined different ways to improve, then shook his head. If I want to raise overall strength, then there’s only that one option. Ying Qi immediately searched through the secondary professions available in the system. There it is—alchemy. System, for my second secondary profession, I choose the art of alchemy. “Ding! Processing Host’s command to choose the secondary profession Alchemy. Successfully unlocking transmission of the alchemy profession—” “—I can feel countless alchemical techniques pouring into my mind. Truly marvelous. In this world of thin spiritual energy, it is impossible to rely on spirit stones alone to raise the strength of an army—” “—or even an entire nation. But if there are pills, then it will be a different scene.” A martial nation is something worth looking forward to. “Ding! Congratulations, Host, on successfully unlocking the secondary profession: Alchemy. Current stage: Stage One. At Level One, you can refine pills. Stage One: ordinary beginner level.” “In addition, reward: one growth-type pill furnace. As Host’s alchemy realm rises, the pill furnace will also be upgraded accordingly.” A growth-type one? So pills are divided into grades as well? First grade should probably be Yellow-rank pills. Then second grade is Profound-rank, third grade is Earth-rank, and fourth grade is Heaven-rank. But even the easiest-to-refine Yellow-rank pills would make it difficult to raise an entire army if relying only on this pill furnace. Much less for me, a Crown Prince Regent—how could I bury myself in alchemy day after day? Ying Qi suddenly remembered something, and immediately summoned Dunruo Jia. In a flash, he appeared. “Lord, what are your instructions?” “I have not asked before: after Father learned that the pills refined by the fangshi were poisonous—” “—how were the fangshi in the palace dealt with?” “Reporting to Lord, they were all killed.” The young man immediately showed a speechless expression. Killed? That was only to be expected. This really is Father’s method and style. He would absolutely never leave any threat by his side. “What about the fangshi of the six states? When we destroyed the six states, no one paid them any attention. After the six states fell, they scattered and fled everywhere. Pass down my order: arrest the former court fangshi of the six states and escort them to Xianyang.” “Your subordinate understands.” Those fangshi may be mere mortals, but since they can at least refine low-grade pills, they can still be considered beginners in alchemy. I can use that to select the ones who are useful. System, cultivate Flying Sword at a Hundred Paces for me and raise it directly to perfection. Use the remaining advancement points to upgrade alchemy. “Ding! Processing Host’s command. Beginning deduction of advancement points. Flying Sword at a Hundred Paces has been cultivated successfully.” Aside from Flying Sword at a Hundred Paces killing enemies from afar, it can truly be called a supreme technique. “Ding! Flying Sword at a Hundred Paces has been raised to perfection. Controlling the sword to kill enemies, within a thousand paces the sword moves as if it has a spirit. Deducting 1,000 advancement points. Alchemy upgraded to First Grade, Level One. Ding! Deducting 2,000 advancement points. Level 21, Grandmaster First Layer: Physical Strength 21,000; True Qi 20,000; Cultivation Techniques: Basic Internal Art Perfection, Nine Yin Nine Yang. Endless and unceasing, able to restore True Qi. Secondary Professions: Beast Taming, Alchemy. Experience required for next level-up: 200,000. Remaining advancement points: 100,000.” Ying Qi sighed. Only 100,000 advancement points left. Reaching Grandmaster greatly increased my strength, but the cost is growing more and more as well. Ah, there’s no such thing as a free meal in this world. Open the loyalty system and check the loyalty of my subordinates. “Ding! Host has become Crown Prince Regent and holds the power of a state. The loyalty system is beginning to upgrade, incorporating officials’ loyalty toward the state.” Hm? The system is upgrading? “Ding! Loyalty system upgrade complete. It has now changed into the Regent System interface. System: Left Chancellor Han Fei, loyalty 95. Right Chancellor Feng Quji, loyalty 95. Supreme General Meng Wu, loyalty 95. Supreme General Wang Jian, loyalty 95. Court Commandant Li Si, loyalty 90. The Regent System can incorporate all officials in the nation under Host’s rule and observe and inspect their loyalty. Once a disloyal person is discovered, the system will immediately alert Host.” After reading it, the young man was astonished by the loyalty system. The Meng family, Wang family, and Feng family are absolutely loyal to Great Qin and worthy of trust and use. That doesn’t surprise me. But that old fox Li Si actually has a loyalty of 90? What a shock. But thinking carefully, it makes sense. He is not loyal to any individual, only to Great Qin alone. Today I already taught him a lesson in court. If he behaves himself, then he can continue serving loyally in the position of Court Commandant. After all, he is a capable man. Ah, this feels great. With this bloodbath in Xianyang, Hu Hai has been eliminated, and the court of Xianyang is basically stable. But the truly unstable factors are not here. That person should be stepping onto the stage now, right? The strongest man of this era. At Li Family Village in Yong City, several soldiers were digging pits and burying corpses. “Phew, these overconfident fools even dreamed of attacking the King and His Highness the Crown Prince. They deserved death.” “Exactly. Did they not stop to think? Our Crown Prince is the little god of slaughter who pacified the six states.” “How could a rabble like them possibly trap him? Since they were bent on seeking death, fine—but they still made us come bury them. What bad luck.” “Alright, alright, we’re finally done. Let’s leave this place.” The moment they left, a strange light appeared from beneath the ground. Suddenly, a hand burst out of the earth. It was a disheveled man struggling to climb out of the ground. This near-dead man was none other than Zhang Liang of the Han nobility. He gave a cold snort. “Bastard...” Just then, a group of people ran over. “Master, endure it a little longer—we’re here to help you.” In just a moment, they pulled Zhang Liang out of the ground. “Master, thank heavens you’re alright. You said that hiding within Hu Hai’s rebel force would make it easier to conceal your identity, but something like this should have been left to your subordinates—” He still could not believe what he had gone through. Three thousand men were just killed like that. That Ying Qi is truly terrifying. If we want to kill him and Ying Zheng, we must make long-term plans. “Go to Kuaiji Commandery, and at the same time gather all our people.” “Your subordinate understands.” Ying Zheng, Ying Qi—today I, Zhang Liang, managed to survive. In the future, I will make sure you die by my hand. Several months later, in Kuaiji Commandery, a man holding a sword asked in puzzlement the old man seated before him, “Uncle, could it be that he’s scared and doesn’t dare come anymore?” This old man was none other than Xiang Yan, the former Chu general, and his son Xiang Liang. The old man replied, “Zhang Liang has always kept his word. Wait a little longer.” The man angrily drove his sword straight into the ground. “You are all too weak. If I had gone this time, I would have cut off Ying Zheng’s and Ying Qi’s heads long ago.” This boastful young man was none other than Xiang Yu, grandson of the Chu general Xiang Yan. “That Zhang Liang was so full of confidence before. Now that the assassination failed, I’m afraid he doesn’t have the face to come see us. Maybe he was scared senseless and ran away—who knows.” Hearing this, Xiang Liang immediately shouted, “Shut your mouth! Now that Ying Qi holds power in Qin, his methods are even stronger than Ying Zheng’s. If we want to overthrow tyrannical Qin, Zhang Liang is an indispensable strategist. Yu’er, if you want to accomplish great things, you must watch your words.” At this moment, Zhang Liang had also arrived. He praised Xiang Liang for his far-sighted thinking. “My lifelong wish, Zhang Liang’s lifelong wish, is to overthrow tyrannical Qin. If I do not achieve this goal, I will never give up. Heh heh, Generals, please forgive Zhang for arriving late.” “Sir, you are too polite. Sit. I wonder, after your attempt to assassinate Ying Zheng this time, did you gain anything?” “Now that Xianyang has been rectified by Ying Qi, it is governed like an iron barrel. I fear it is no longer possible for us to act from within. General Xiang is right. Moreover, tyrannical Qin’s commandery-county system is replacing the feudal enfeoffment system. Once Ying Qi and his father truly centralize all authority under Heaven, there will no longer be any possibility of restoring the six states.” Xiang Yu had a fiery temper. Hearing Zhang Liang go on and on, he grew annoyed. “What nonsense are you spouting? Do you think we don’t know these principles? Is your greatest skill just that mouth of yours?” “General Xiang Yu truly has a hot temper. Do you have some grievance with me, Zhang?” Xiang Yu pointed straight at Zhang Liang’s face and shouted, “If you lost, then you lost—what excuse is there?” “The General is mistaken. Defeat is not necessarily a bad thing. It was precisely because of this assassination attempt that I learned who my greatest enemy truly is.” “Then tell us—who is it?” If we want to destroy tyrannical Qin, we must first kill Ying Qi. If Ying Qi is not eliminated, then tyrannical Qin will be hard to uproot. That Ying Qi possesses peerless skills—ten thousand arrows cannot even get near him. Even the guards by his side are gifted. If not for my probe this time, then once we acted rashly, our entire force would surely have been wiped out. Before, I, Xiang Liang, only thought that Ying Qi’s title of Little God of Slaughter was just an empty reputation. But now, it seems eight or nine parts of it are true. No wonder Ying Zheng can rest easy leaving Qin in his hands. Xiang Yu continued speaking arrogantly, on this earth, there still isn’t anyone worthy of my regard. Is Ying Qi really as formidable as you say or not? Zhang Liang immediately answered with certainty, he is only more formidable. General, Zhang Liang knows that your valor is rare in this world, and I do not dare judge who is stronger between you and Ying Qi. But even if you can defeat Ying Qi, how will you break through the personal guards protecting him? Therefore, General, if we are to destroy Qin, we still need a long-term plan. Right now, I, Zhang, have a strategy. Please hear it and see what you think. Hmph. Ying Zheng is hurrying to implement the commandery-and-county system only because all under heaven are turning their hearts toward him. That shows how important the people’s support is to him. And it is precisely this point that we can use to overthrow tyrannical Qin and take back our mountains and rivers. Before the people’s hearts are fully soothed, while the strength of the Six States still remains, it will be very easy for us to stir up the common people into rebellion. Just think—if countless rioters flood into Xianyang, would Ying Qi, as Crown Prince Regent, not think of a way to settle them? If the refugees riot, as crown prince, would Ying Qi not personally go and pacify them? At that time, our men will hide among the rioters. As long as Ying Qi makes a move, we will certainly kill him before he can react. His guards will be tied down by our death warriors. As for Ying Qi, he can be left to General Xiang Yu. Once Ying Qi is killed, Great Qin will surely fall, hehe. The Ying father and son care most about the hearts of the people under heaven, so we will turn that into the sword that stabs them, into the talisman that takes their lives. Hearing this, Xiang Liang clasped his hands in praise. Mister Zhang truly has a brilliant scheme. Now tyrannical Qin is eager to buy the people’s hearts. When faced with unrest, they will certainly focus on appeasement. When the time comes, I, Zhang Liang, will contact what remains of the forces of the other Six States and will surely overthrow tyrannical Qin. Xiang Yu was full of anticipation. Ying Qi, is it? I’m truly eager to meet him and personally cut off his head. Meanwhile, in the Eastern Palace, Ying Qi was still diligently refining pills. Ah, I can’t be greedy. Materials are scarce, and this is also my first attempt. Being able to refine three Longevity Pills is already pretty good. Men, where are my royal father and royal mother at this moment? Reporting to Your Highness the Crown Prince, His Majesty and the Queen are currently in Epang Palace, enjoying each other’s company. Before leaving, they instructed that Your Highness should focus on state affairs, and if there is nothing important, not to disturb them. The young man understood at once, hehe, I knew it. That idle old father of mine is obviously afraid I’ll go interrupt his lovey-dovey time. Whoosh—and the young man had already arrived at Epang Palace. Father, even if you don’t want to bother with court affairs, you don’t have to hide from me, do you? You’re really living carefree here in Epang Palace. It’s hard enough for me to even see you and Mother. Dong'er immediately turned and reproached Zheng-gege with mock resentment. You are the ruler of a state—how can you simply ignore the court? Could it be because of me? Dong'er, you misunderstand. I only wanted to temper Qi'er. Sooner or later, Qi'er must inherit Great Qin. Letting him train early is also for his own good. Besides, Qi'er has long surpassed me in every aspect. Having him handle things is also very beneficial to Great Qin. Oh, is that so? Ying Zheng shot his son a warning look, secretly cautioning him: speak carefully in front of your mother. What if she gets upset and leaves again? Oh come on, how could she leave again? Aren’t you very good at coaxing her, Father? Qi'er, did you come here because you have state business to discuss with the King? If so, I will excuse myself first. It’s not state business, Grandfather, please stay. That saves me a trip to your manor as well. As he spoke, the young man took out the three Longevity Pills he had just refined. This time, I came to present these three Longevity Pills to Royal Father, Royal Mother, and Grandfather. Holding up a Longevity Pill and examining it, Ying Zheng said, Qi'er, before, you gave us many spirit pills. But this one seems different from the others. Ying Qi immediately explained, the one you took before was the Great Yellow Pill, used to probe for spiritual energy. This pill is indeed different. This is a Longevity Pill I just refined. Taking one can increase lifespan by ten years. What? A Longevity Pill that can increase lifespan by ten years? That’s right. Father, Mother, Grandfather, hurry and take them. It’s a pity this pill can only increase lifespan by ten years. Its effect is still lacking. Later, when I have something better, I’ll bring it to you. Although I heard your father talk about what happened to you these past years, I never expected that you would even possess a divine medicine like this. But if it is truly such a precious thing, how could I enjoy it alone? Better to keep it. Ying Zheng immediately cut in, saying, just eat it without worry. Qi'er already said that later he’ll have something better. And with my understanding of this brat, he absolutely won’t let himself suffer any loss, hahaha. Hearing his old father expose him so accurately, Ying Qi could only force a smile and scratch his head. Mother, hurry and take it. In the future, I can have as much of this stuff as I want. Oh? In that case, Mother won’t refuse anymore. The three of them then put the pills into their mouths. Qi'er, your mother can feel a strange current of power moving through my body. Ying Qi immediately reassured her, Mother, don’t be afraid. That is the Longevity Pill taking effect. It is a sign that your lifespan is being reconstructed. Father, Mother, Grandfather—once the Longevity Pills finish adjusting their bodies, I can then pass my martial power on to them. In the endless years to come, no matter where we are, our whole family will share longevity together. At this moment, Dong'er’s body continuously emitted a purple aura that hovered around her. Dong'er looked at her father and said excitedly, Father, your white hair is gone! Ying Zheng could not contain his excitement either. Dong'er, you’ve regained your youth as well. Qi'er holds immortal medicine in his hand. In that case, our whole family is practically immortal. We really can stay together forever. Father, medicine may extend lifespan, but it does not grant true immortality. Without genuine strength, it still won’t do. If that’s the case, then true immortality probably belongs only to the Great Luo True Immortals in heaven. Hehe, then becoming an immortal will do. The three of them could hardly believe what they had just heard. Become an immortal? Qi'er, what is that strange light in your hand? That is martial true qi. Father, haven’t you always been curious about what power I possess? Today I’ll let you see its true nature. As he spoke, Ying Qi transmitted martial power into Ying Zheng’s body. In an instant, Ying Zheng was taken to a place called the Sea of Martial True Qi. Bewildered, Ying Zheng asked his son, Qi'er, this place is...? Father, this is my Sea of Martial True Qi, and it is also the power I currently possess. After stepping into the Martial Dao Immortal path, one gains true qi. Once released outward, true qi can shatter mountains and crush stone, and kill invisibly. The realm of immortals and gods can be reached through cultivation. By cultivating the Martial Dao and advancing realms, one can enter the immortal and divine realm, gaining eternal life and sharing longevity with heaven. Father, this is my ultimate pursuit. I only knew that Qi'er, your strength was extraordinary. I never imagined that you harbored the lofty ambition to ascend to the immortal realm. The Martial Dao kingdom you’ve built—is it also for this purpose? That’s right. Qi'er, then what realm are you in now? I have already reached the Grandmaster Realm, with a lifespan of three hundred years. What? You haven’t even reached the Transformation Realm yet, and you already said you could be invincible under heaven? Ying Qi clasped his hands behind his back like an exalted master and explained further, in a place as lacking in spiritual energy as this one, reaching the Innate Realm through cultivation is already the utmost limit. The reason I could reach the Grandmaster Realm today is entirely due to a fortunate opportunity. If I want to reach the Transformation Realm, I must leave this world behind. Father, I once told you not to limit your sight to the Central Plains alone. What lies beyond this world is the true expedition before us. Ying Zheng smiled and said, if things are truly as you say, then nothing could be better. Qi'er, whether it is this world or the future road into the immortal realm, your father will support you. From now on, whatever must be done, your father will listen to you. Yes. Then let me first help you establish your martial foundation. Our whole family will cultivate together, live long together, and journey together toward the immortal realm. Ying Zheng began following Ying Qi’s guidance and started cultivating. Father, relax your mind and sense the Martial Dao cultivation method. Transmitting Basic Inner Art, Tenth Layer. At this moment, the character “Martial” appeared at the center of Ying Zheng’s brow. So this is the power of immortals and gods? A marvelous cultivation method has appeared in my mind. Father, I will use true qi to open your major circulation channels. Once you try circulating the cultivation method, you will be able to condense inner force. After cultivating for a while, Ying Zheng also awoke. He touched his head, recalling what he had just experienced. Seeing Ying Zheng’s appearance, Dong'er anxiously called out, Zheng-gege, Zheng-gege, are you alright? Qi'er, what did you do to your royal father? I’m fine, Dong'er, don’t worry. Looking at his hand, from which streams of power kept emanating, Ying Zheng was wildly excited. Hahaha, it’s inner force! Qi'er, now I too can condense Martial Dao true qi. Qi'er, what realm am I in now? Father, you have reached the Third Layer of the Houtian Realm. Oh, only the third layer of Houtian? Father, can you not complain after getting a bargain? If I hadn’t used true qi to circulate through your body and added the nourishment from the earlier pills, with your first step into Martial Dao, it would already have been very impressive if you’d reached the first layer. Dong'er and her father understood none of what the father and son were saying. Qi'er, Zheng-gege, what are you two talking about? Father and I can’t understand any of it. Ying Qi anxiously didn’t know how to explain. Ah, this is— Right at that moment, a subordinate rushed in with an urgent report. Reporting to the King, to Your Highness the Crown Prince, an urgent message has arrived from the front. Seeing this, Ying Zheng spoke up, Qi'er, you go handle state affairs. I’ll explain things to Dong'er and Father-in-law, and at the same time help them complete their martial foundations. Then I’ll trouble Father with it. Dong'er asked in confusion, Zheng-gege, what is all this about? Hahaha, I’ll explain it to you slowly, Dong'er. You truly gave me a very fine son. Returning to the council chamber, Ying Qi asked his subordinate, what happened? Reporting to my lord, remnants of the Six States are stirring up trouble. Remnants of the Six States? I already standardized all the major camps, and the five great camps defend the borders of Great Qin. Wherever trouble breaks out, troops can be quickly dispatched to provide support. And with civil and military matters governed separately, why is there still trouble from remnants of the Six States, enough even to disturb the inner palace? My lord, please calm your anger. This time it is not armies of the Six States invading, but refugees. The frontline troops truly have no strategy for dealing with them, and request that my lord make the decision. At this moment, two other subordinates had also arrived. This servant greets Your Highness the Crown Prince. Rise. Speak of the matter. Where did these refugees come from? At present, a great number of refugees from the lands of the Three Jin and from Chu territory are coming toward Xianyang. According to the report from the vanguard, their number has already exceeded fifty thousand. Although troops are stationed at the borders of the various regions, the other side consists of refugees. Using force to suppress them is truly inappropriate, and may instead provoke even greater unrest. Hah, fifty thousand refugees all coming to Xianyang—if no one is manipulating this from behind the scenes, how could such a thing happen? Your Highness means we should suppress them with troops? Then this subordinate will go do it at once. Ying Qi waved his hand. No. Among these fifty thousand, there are certainly remnants of the Six States, but the majority are refugees. And as the refugees move along the road, their numbers will only grow larger and larger, making the Six States’ remnants impossible to identify. Great Qin has only recently stabilized the chaos of the world. Although the court has always maintained a policy of relief and comfort toward the people, the world is so vast that it is still difficult to care for everyone. Those remnants are targeting precisely this loophole. One subordinate immediately added, not only are they stirring up the refugees, but wealthy nobles from the Six States are also secretly buying up grain. Famine is spreading everywhere, and grain prices across the realm are soaring. The court has no grain to use. Those nobles of the Six States never cared about the life or death of the common people in the first place. In their eyes, the people are all just pieces on a board—things to be killed, things to be discarded. Enraged, Ying Qi slammed his hand down on the table. Those bastards! For the sake of opposing Great Qin, they disregard the lives of all people under heaven. They do not even understand that the people are the water that carries the boat. I will deal with them. Pass down my order: the refugees coming to Xianyang are not to be stopped. Order Yong City to send fifty thousand elite soldiers to maintain order, and that will be enough. The nobles of the various states are maliciously buying up the people’s grain, leaving the court unable to purchase any, is that it? Then raise the grain price. As long as they keep buying, keep raising it. Hearing this, the subordinate was alarmed. What? How can that be? Your Highness, if we raise grain prices, won’t that worsen the famine? Winter is almost here. This will destabilize the whole realm. Hmph. Destabilize the realm? Feng Qing, I would never put Great Qin in danger. Just carry out my will. Once I finish dealing with these remnants, the realm will no longer suffer from grain shortages, and my people will no longer go hungry. A few days later, outside Xianyang City, many refugees had already gathered there, surging toward the city in a massive wave. One child among them said to his grandfather, I’m so hungry. The old man told the child, be good. Once we reach Xianyang City, we’ll have food. That is where the King resides. He will surely let us eat our fill. Boohoo. What about the King? Those rich people and officials let grain rot in their storehouses and still won’t give us any. Maybe Xianyang will be different. I heard that the one providing disaster relief everywhere is the Crown Prince. At this moment, Xiang Yu was also hiding among the refugees. He was just about to give his own flatbread to that child when suddenly a hand fell on his shoulder, startling him into turning around. Xiang Liang immediately reminded him, Yu'er, those who seek great undertakings must not act on impulse and ruin the greater plan. But Uncle, they’re about to starve to death. Seeing that his nephew was still stubborn, Xiang Liang continued persuading him. Xiang Yu, you may be able to save one person, but can you save all these hundred thousand suffering people? If, at a time like this, you carelessly expose your identity, then how will you enter Xianyang City? Xiang Yu brushed Xiang Liang’s hand away and said, I know. But if on this road I killed all those corrupt officials and powerful nobles, then perhaps there wouldn’t be so many suffering people. Foolish! Do not play the hero for a moment’s pride. Remember your purpose. Even after talking himself hoarse, his nephew still would not listen. The old man could only sigh. Acting according to emotion is a great taboo for one who would accomplish great things. If I do not keep an eye on him, sooner or later he will ruin Zhang Liang’s brilliant plan. For the sake of great success, what does it matter if these lowly commoners must be sacrificed? At the same time, Li Qing rushed in with an urgent report. Your Highness, outside the city a large group of refugees has suddenly arrived. Please make the decision. Ying Qi immediately asked, how many people have already entered the city yet? Reporting to Your Highness, the number has now exceeded over a hundred thousand, and in addition a large number of refugees are still on the way. To prevent unrest within the city, the gates have now been closed. You did well. Pass down my order: assemble three thousand personal guards and follow me out of the city to pacify the suffering people. Also, order the city granaries opened and prepare porridge kitchens outside the city. But, Your Highness, if you leave the city at a time like this, won’t it be too dangerous? If it is only to comfort the suffering people, it would be enough to let your subordinate do it. Haha, your weight is not enough. There are two reasons I must personally go out of the city. First, only if I myself go out can the people see that Great Qin truly values them. Second, if I do not show myself, then would not the arrangements of the remnants of the Six States fail? Those remnants of the Six States are already at the end of their rope. This time, they have certainly gathered all of their strength. I will use this opportunity to wipe them out completely. Before the gates of Xianyang, the sounds of pounding on the gates, shouting, and crying rang out without end. Please, I beg you, let me into the city. I haven’t had a single grain of rice in my stomach for five days already. We are all people of Great Qin. Back when Great Qin unified the world, wasn’t it clearly proclaimed that so long as one is a descendant of Yan and Huang, all would be treated equally? Could it be that everything His Highness the Crown Prince said was false? Seeing the chaos before them, the remnants were extremely pleased. Hehe, the more chaotic the better. As long as Ying Qi appears, even if we do not make a move, these refugees will still rush up and tear him to pieces. You said that well, hehe. Even if he hides and does not dare come out, so what? One thing is certain—his prestige will be utterly destroyed. While they were still talking, a shout rang out: His Highness the Crown Prince has arrived! Hearing this, the refugees were first bewildered and startled, then overjoyed. At once, the city gates opened. Appearing before their eyes was Ying Qi in the flesh, together with an escort force slowly advancing toward them. Several remnants of the Six States immediately began shouting to incite the people. So many soldiers—are they trying to kill us? Xiang Yu was also present by now, his eyes icy and filled with murderous intent. So in the end, the Qin dog has still revealed his true nature and wants to act against the refugees, is that it? What “all descendants of Yan and Huang are one family”—it was all nonsense. Ying Qi slowly rose to his feet and declared in a ringing voice, People of Great Qin, I am Ying Qi, Crown Prince of Great Qin. I have already ordered the granaries opened and porridge prepared, so please rest assured—Great Qin will absolutely not abandon you. It’s true? Really? We’ve been saved! So what His Highness the Crown Prince said before was all true after all. His Highness the Crown Prince did not deceive us. Boohoo. Great Qin has not abandoned us! Long live His Highness the Crown Prince! Long live Your Highness the Crown Prince! Your Highness the Crown Prince is handsome and mighty! Your Highness is this commoner's idol! Many thanks, Your Highness the Crown Prince! Ying Qi gave a cold snort inwardly. Trying to use the hearts of the people to overthrow Great Qin? You people are still far too green. Do you really think the masses are blind? Let me see what other tricks you dog thieves still have. Seeing the situation turning unfavorable, one of the remnants immediately shouted, "L-O-N-D, what are you all doing? That Qin dog only said a few words, and you already believe him completely? Get up, all of you! You spineless wretches! Have you forgotten your own country?" "Our own country? All along the way here, you embezzled the grain and refused relief aid. Weren't you the former nobles of the very country where we were born and raised? On the contrary, the Qin soldiers have never harmed us." That's right. Who are you people? His Highness the Crown Prince already agreed to give us food. Why are you still trying to seriously injure His Highness? There's definitely something wrong with these people. They might be here to cause trouble. Realizing their plan to incite and stir up the refugees had failed, the remnants finally revealed their true colors and directly swung their swords at the refugees. "Ah! They're killing people over there! They're killing people! Who are they?" Xiang Yu was filled with fury at their actions. "Bastards! How could they attack the common people like this?" Knowing there was no way out, the remnants of the Six States gathered together and prepared to risk everything. "This chance cannot be missed! Kill Ying Qi and overthrow tyrannical Qin! Brothers, charge!" "Kill! Kill! Kill!" Watching from afar, Ying Qi could only sigh at their stupidity. Truly a bunch who do not know their own limits. "Generals, hear my command! Do not harm the innocent people. As for the remnants of the Six States—wipe them out to the last one." "Understood, Your Highness!" With that order, the soldiers charged into battle with surging momentum. The remnants were quickly forced into a disadvantage, falling one by one. The refugees were utterly terrified and desperately fled from the battlefield. At that moment, Xiang Yu, filled with indignation, was about to step in and stop them, but Xiang Liang immediately stopped him. "Yu'er, everything is proceeding exactly as Mister Zhang Liang planned. Now is the time for you to act." "But—" "No more buts. Remember this: you are the future king of all under Heaven. In front of the tyrannical Qin that destroyed your country, do not be soft-hearted like a woman." Hearing those words, Xiang Yu steadied himself at once and drew the treasured sword tightly wrapped in leather. At the same time, the remnants charged ferociously toward Ying Qi. "Qin dog, hand over your life!" Ying Qi remained calm, hands clasped behind his back as he watched their ignorance. One of them even laughed excitedly. "Hahaha! Once I kill Ying Qi, I'll be a founding hero. Glory and wealth are right in front of me!" Ying Qi gave a contemptuous sound. "Restore the nation? That sounds nice enough, but in the end you're nothing but selfish, profit-seeking scum." Ying Qi immediately gathered his qi, creating an energy vortex that drew in all the swords from his subordinates. Then he unleashed his ultimate technique, Flying Swords Within a Hundred Paces. Countless swords, controlled by Ying Qi, swirled ceaselessly through the air before shooting straight at the remnants of the Six States. Faced with the sudden and overwhelming attack, the remnants only had time to let out a scream before dropping dead. Xiang Yu shouted furiously, "Ying Qi, you petty thief, don't be so arrogant!" Ying Qi was still controlling the swords in attack, but upon hearing that, he glanced over and saw Xiang Yu charging straight at him like a ferocious tiger, sword in hand. Xiang Yu leaped high into the air, his entire body bursting with killing intent. That killing intent soared to the heavens. His eyes had turned red, and he roared, "Give me your life!" Sensing that terrifying aura, Ying Qi immediately guessed that the true attacker was Xiang Yu. A delighted smile appeared on his face. "I've been waiting for you for a long time." Without hesitation, Ying Qi raised his sword to block Xiang Yu's strike. If Ying Qi's aura resembled that of a true dragon, then Xiang Yu's was no less imposing—his momentum rising like the lord of the mountain forests. Seeing this, the generals could not help but worry and shouted for everyone to protect the Crown Prince. In response, Ying Qi told them not to worry. He alone could handle this man. Xiang Yu, seeing that his opponent looked down on him, grew even angrier. "What arrogant words. You killed my grandfather and destroyed my country. Today, I will definitely take your life." But he had barely finished boasting when Ying Qi swung his sword and sent him flying backward. Seizing the opportunity, Ying Qi again used Flying Swords Within a Hundred Paces, and a barrage of swords attacked Xiang Yu all at once. Xiang Yu showed no fear whatsoever and swung the sword in his hand, shattering every flying sword that came at him, leaving even Ying Qi inwardly astonished. Xiang Yu was actually able to condense a thin layer of martial aura. "Haha, that makes sense. The peak martial warrior of this era is standing right in front of me. I should get a little more serious too." In an instant, Ying Qi mobilized his martial power, and his entire body became wrapped in a golden martial aura. Xiang Yu stared with his mouth agape, unable to comprehend what kind of monstrous thing that was. Yet he could clearly feel a sky-reaching pressure bearing down on him. He could not stop wondering—was the opponent before him even human? Though that aura pressed on him until he could hardly breathe and his body trembled, Xiang Yu still refused to retreat. Because if he did, how could he ever face the elders of Jiangdong again? At once, he regained his momentum and continued charging forward with sword in hand. Ying Qi also shot upward, manifesting the aura of a true dragon to answer his enemy. One dragon and one lion collided, producing a deafening shockwave that lit up the sky. The explosion quickly dissipated, and the battle finally came to an end. Ying Qi, already at the Challenger rank, had easily defeated Xiang Yu, who was only at the Diamond rank. "In this world, only you, Xiang Yu, have been able to wound me. As expected of a divine warrior. The sword intent condensed from my ultimate martial sword is the strongest sword intent I can use in this era." The generals shouted continuously in excitement, "His Highness the Crown Prince has won! His Highness the Crown Prince is unmatched in martial valor!" "Damn it! Even Xiang Yu was defeated!" The old man roared and ordered his remaining subordinates to rush forward and take Ying Qi's head. Like moths throwing themselves into a flame, they charged ahead. "Kill! Kill! Kill that dog thief Ying Qi!" Seeing this, the refugees hurried forward to protect him. "Quickly, protect His Highness the Crown Prince!" But these displaced people, who spent all year farming and barely had the strength to truss a chicken, were continuously cut down by the remnants. Standing behind them, Ying Qi was both moved and enraged. These refugees were actually risking their lives to protect me. "Generals, hear my command! Protect our Yanhuang people! Do not let the people suffer casualties!" "Yes, Your Highness!" The soldiers fought tenaciously with all their skill. Taking advantage of the chaos, one of the remnants quietly moved behind Ying Qi with a knife in hand, then hurled it in attack. A refugee saw it and, without the slightest hesitation, threw himself forward to block the blade with his own body. "Your Highness, be careful!" The middle-aged man thought he was surely done for and could only close his eyes and accept his fate. At that very instant of life and death, Ying Qi used the power of the Imperial Jade Seal to create a barrier that stopped the knife. The middle-aged man could only stand there frozen, mouth hanging open. Seeing this, Ying Qi spoke up and asked if he was all right. "Th-this commoner is fine. As long as Your Highness the Crown Prince is unharmed, that is enough." "A protective seal? This must truly be Heaven's blessing. If this were not Heaven's mandate, why else would Heaven protect him? Although His Highness the Crown Prince destroyed our state, he has also ended the wars across the realm. Back then, he must surely have been sent by Heaven to end the chaos and save our Yanhuang people." Ying Qi's anger flared. "These damned remnants! Their mouths speak only of restoring their nations, yet they turn their blades on unarmed commoners. Kill them all!" "Generals, hear my command! Capture the assassins. I want their lives used to give the refugees an answer." Upon receiving the order, the soldiers rushed forward and tightly surrounded them. Xiang Liang wanted to slip away, but it was not so easy. He was quickly captured, and the entire group was bound tightly to await execution. "Reporting to Your Highness the Crown Prince, all the rebellious remnants have been captured and now await your order." "People of Yanhuang under Great Qin, you have suffered. As the Crown Prince of Great Qin, for me to have allowed all of you to endure such hardship—I am deeply ashamed before you all." "Your Highness the Crown Prince, you speak too heavily. Your Highness is benevolent and righteous; this commoner does not dare..." "All of you, rest assured. Here and now, I promise that from this day onward, there will no longer be warfare, nor famine, nor cold across the realm. No matter which former state the people come from, all shall be subjects of Great Qin, treated fairly and equally, without any favoritism." After speaking those resounding words, Ying Qi directly sent Xiang Liang and the other remnants to their graves. Now the remnants had been slaughtered clean, and the realm was unified. When word spread that Xiang Yu and Xiang Liang had been defeated and killed, Zhang Liang hurriedly gathered together with the remaining remnants of the Six States. One of them cried out in disbelief, "What? Even Xiang Yu couldn't kill Ying Qi? And even old General Xiang met his death at Ying Qi's hands? Mister Zhang Liang, what should we do now?" Zhang Liang then said, "At this point, we should return to our territories and make long-term plans. We must wait for a future opportunity to restore our states." Just as they were preparing to leave, Ying Qi suddenly dropped down from above. Golden light continuously burst from his body, terrifying the whole group out of their wits. "I never expected you remnants to hide in such a remote place. The Black Ice Terrace of this prince truly searched to exhaustion." "Y-you are Ying Qi?" "Correct, little brat. And you must be Zhang Liang. The tide of refugees in Xianyang—was that your plan?" Zhang Liang's face turned ashen, then he suddenly burst into loud laughter. "Hahaha!" Ying Qi was momentarily baffled. "Did this bastard overdose on something? Why is he suddenly laughing like that? Could it be my entrance was too unexpected? Or did I scare him insane?" Zhang Liang immediately raised his hand and gave the order. "Generals, hear my command!" The soldiers who had been lying in ambush beforehand heard the order and rushed out with swords drawn. Though already at a disadvantage, Zhang Liang still spoke arrogantly. "Ying Qi, I laugh at you for being foolish and seeking fame through stupidity. I know you possess divine skills that can block ten thousand arrows, and that you have elite guards protecting you. But I never expected you to be this arrogant, daring to come here alone. I suppose General Xiang Yu also lost beneath your sea of personal guards. But now, no matter who comes to save you, my elite warriors can still take your dog's life." "Charge! Kill Ying Qi for me!" Ying Qi smiled at the man's ignorance and stupidity. "The reason this prince dares to come alone and does not fear an ambush is simple." As the young man spoke, the swords shot out all at once. "Because I alone am enough to make an army." The swords continuously surged forward and attacked the soldiers in front of him. In the blink of an eye, the young man had already finished off the rushing soldiers. "Hm? Where is Zhang Liang? Did he flee amid the chaos?" At that moment, Duo Ruo also appeared and reported that all the ambushed soldiers hidden around the area had already been wiped out, and that his subordinates would send men to hunt Zhang Liang down. Ying Qi said there was no need. "This prince will personally go and finish off the leader of the rebel faction. Bring me the ten-stone bow. Zhang Liang, you are one of the Three Heroes of Han and Chu, but unfortunately for you, you ran into someone like me who hacks the game. I, Ying Qi, will definitely change history." With that, the young man immediately used the divine archery technique. The arrow shot forth at lightning speed, heading straight for Zhang Liang. Zhang Liang only had time to let out a single scream before dying on the spot. At last, the leader of the remnants of the Six States had been eliminated completely. Duo Ruo then continued, "A Hidden Shadow Guard just reported that Xiang Yu's corpse has disappeared." Ying Qi gave a quiet acknowledgment and said, "Most likely, whoever protected him did not want him buried outside Xianyang and took his body back home. No need to mind it. Let's return." In the main hall of Xianyang, the assembled ministers all congratulated him in unison. "Congratulations, Your Highness, on eliminating the leader of the Six States' rebel faction! Congratulations on Great Qin's unification of the realm!" "Reporting to Your Highness, the refugees who came to Xianyang have already been given grain and sent back to their homes, but grain prices cannot be allowed to rise further. This minister earnestly requests that Your Highness order the purchase of grain to save the people from dire suffering." "Do you all take this Crown Prince for a fool? Purchase grain? Don't think this prince doesn't know that certain powerful people across the realm are hoarding grain, waiting to make a fortune off the court. Feng Qing, continue raising grain prices, so that those who dream of getting rich off a national calamity—those who profit from the life-saving grain of the people—will all pay the price. I want to see whether they truly dare let their grain rot in their granaries." "Yes, this minister obeys your command." Ying Qi continued, "Now that the leader of the remnants of the Six States has been eliminated, the chaos among the people still cannot be ignored. Han Qing, issue a state order to all under Heaven: starting today, all weapons in the realm are to be purchased and recast into weapons for Great Qin, to strengthen the army. If any commoner privately hides weapons, it will be treated as treason. Once discovered, their entire clan will be exterminated. At the same time, continue pursuing the remnants of the Six States." "Anyone with ties to the remnants shall have their entire clan exterminated as a warning to others." Han Fei thought to himself, Control the people while holding the weapons, and the people can be turned into soldiers; collect the weapons of the realm to eliminate the seeds of military disorder. His Highness the Crown Prince truly acts with decisive authority. He silently thought, He wants to confiscate all the world's weapons as well. His Highness really is overbearing. Ying Qi stroked his chin and smiled in satisfaction. With this, the issue of the Six States' remnants should finally be ended. At last, the time is almost here for me to announce that long-awaited decision. While he was delightedly imagining the future, Li Si suddenly spoke. "Reporting to Your Highness the Crown Prince, now that the realm has been unified, the conquered states still each have their own script and their own systems of measurement. This minister believes that the foundation of unification lies in unifying culture and customs. If script and measurements cannot be unified, I fear it will affect the eternal foundation of Great Qin." The ministers all grew anxious for Li Si. Is this Li Si tired of living? He clearly knows there is bad blood between himself and His Highness, and he still dares to offer advice? There is no way His Highness the Crown Prince would listen to him. Li Si is finished this time. Contrary to the thoughts of the officials below, Ying Qi inwardly praised Li Si. As expected of you, Li Si. I never thought you would raise this issue before I did. Ying Qi then spoke, "The Commandant's words are reasonable. Unifying territory truly is only the first step. Commandant, continue." The ministers were again stunned in disbelief. No one had expected His Highness the Crown Prince to agree with Li Si's proposal. Perhaps Li Si has enmity with His Highness, but when it comes to affairs of state, His Highness always thinks of the greater good. Such breadth of mind, such force of character—no wonder the King personally designated him. Even Li Si himself could hardly believe what he had just heard. I thought the Crown Prince had already come to loathe me. It seems I judged a gentleman's heart with the heart of a petty man. Li Si immediately replied, "This minister believes the scripts and systems of measurement of the various states should be abolished, and that Great Qin script should serve as the foundation. A new standardized script should be created to unify culture." Ying Qi also approved of Li Si's proposal. At the same time, he believed that even this was still not enough. "This matter has long been in this prince's thoughts. Regarding what the Commandant has memorialized, this prince has only fifteen words: Let carts share one axle-width, let books share one script, let conduct follow one standard, let weights and measures be uniform, let currency be one. The Yanhuang people are of one source and one root. Once these fifteen words are put into practice, the Yanhuang will stand united, free from the calamity of division." At the same time, in another place, an extremely mysterious figure had appeared. He was the one who had stolen Xiang Yu's corpse. "So even the Hegemon-King of Western Chu has failed? Still, this too was within my expectations. That Ying Qi is favored by Heaven and has grown far too quickly. But Xiang Yu, you cannot die yet." The mysterious man then used a forbidden resurrection technique on Xiang Yu. Immediately, Xiang Yu pushed open the coffin lid and sat upright, his entire body continuously radiating a murderous aura. He roared in hatred, "Ying Qi! Where is Ying Qi?" Truly sinister and bizarre. Back in Xianyang's main hall, after hearing Ying Qi's fifteen words, Li Si was even more full of admiration. So His Highness the Crown Prince had long ago thought of this and had considered it even more thoroughly than I had. "Your Highness the Crown Prince is wise and enlightened." At that moment, Ying Zheng suddenly appeared and spoke. "Excellent. Well said indeed: let carts share one axle-width, let books share one script, let conduct follow one standard, let weights and measures be uniform, let currency be one." The ministers below immediately saluted. "We pay our respects to Your Majesty." Ying Zheng also did not forget to remind him, "Qi'er, these fifteen words are national policy; they should be advanced step by step." In response, Ying Qi said, "Of course I know. The realm has only just been settled; things must be carried out one by one." Ying Zheng then said, "The matters of one script and one currency can be prepared first." Ying Qi also said that the matter of unified currency could be handed over to the Shaofu for execution. "As for unifying the script—Commandant Li, the creation of Great Qin's new script, this Crown Prince leaves to you." Li Si immediately cupped his hands. "Many thanks to Your Highness the Crown Prince for your trust. This minister absolutely will not disappoint the King or the Crown Prince." "Very good. Today's court session ends here. Court dismissed." "We respectfully see off the King. We respectfully see off the Crown Prince." Seeing that Ying Zheng had rarely attended court, Ying Qi seized the chance to offer some advice. "Father, every day you're either out strolling around or staying by Mother's side." "If Father has spare time, then take Mother along to cultivate. Come on, your mother and I were separated for over twenty years—shouldn't we make up for it a little? We ought to hurry and produce another little Ying Qi. Hehe. Besides, even if our cultivation doesn't succeed, we can just tell you, brat, to go find two immortal peaches for us, can't we?" "Hahaha!" While they were chatting idly, Duo Ruo suddenly appeared. "Greetings, Your Majesty. Greetings, Master." "Master, as instructed, your subordinate secretly gathered the alchemists and fangshi from the various states. They have now all been escorted into prison and await your command." "Very good. Have all the fangshi assembled in the Alchemy Hall at Changle Palace." Ying Zheng asked in puzzlement, "What are you gathering those useless fangshi for?" Ying Qi smiled and said, "Don't ask, Father. Just come with me and you'll know in a moment." "What trick are you planning now, you little rascal?" A moment later, Ying Zheng and Ying Qi arrived at the Grand Palace square. As soon as the fangshi saw them, they bowed at once. "Greetings, Your Majesty. Greetings, Crown Prince." Ying Zheng turned to Ying Qi and asked, "Why did you summon these fangshi here?" Ying Qi replied, "Father, do you remember when I taught you martial cultivation? I said then that the spiritual energy in this world is very thin, did I not? Without enough spiritual energy, it is extremely difficult to create a martial path nation. Therefore, I want to refine spirit pills to strengthen the state." "Huh? But didn't you once say these so-called alchemists only make poison pills? How would they know anything about spirit pills? What spirit pills could they possibly refine?" "Hehe, that's true, they don't know how. But I can teach them." Ying Zheng stared in shock. "Damn, you even know alchemy?" Ying Qi raised his hand and declared, "Listen carefully. What Great Qin needs are alchemists, not useless frauds who deceive people. I will give you a chance. Within five attempts, those who succeed in refining pills will live. Those who fail will accept death." The order had only just been given, when the entire group hurried into alchemy. Meanwhile, Ying Zheng and Ying Qi sat calmly, playing chess while waiting for the results. After a while, a subordinate came to report, "Your Majesty, Your Highness, the competition is over." "Forty-eight people failed to produce any pills and have all been executed." Ying Qi then asked, "Out of the 240 people, is there anyone who succeeded on the very first try?" "Replying to Your Highness, there is one. This servant has already brought him here. Why are you still standing there? Hurry and pay respects to His Majesty and the Crown Prince." Hearing this, the man quickly dropped to his knees and bowed. "This commoner pays respects to Your Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince. This commoner's name is Xu Fu." The moment he heard that name, Ying Qi nearly spat out the water in his mouth. Xu Fu? Could this really be the Xu Fu from history, the one who swindled Father so badly? Damn it, I can't believe he still made his way into the Qin palace. "Good. Good. Good. Starting today, I establish the Great Qin Pill Hall, dedicated to refining all kinds of medicinal pills for Great Qin. You are the first batch of alchemists of Great Qin. I will grant you ranks based on your alchemical skill." "Xu Fu." Xu Fu immediately answered, "Your subject is here." "I appoint you as the Hall Master of the Pill Hall. From this moment onward, you will command the 239 alchemists of Great Qin and take orders directly only from me and the King." Hearing such a favor bestowed upon him, Xu Fu stood frozen in disbelief for a moment, then immediately kowtowed. "This subject thanks you and accepts the command." "Thank you, Your Highness the Crown Prince. Thank you, Your Majesty." The remaining fangshi also kowtowed. "Thank you, Your Highness the Crown Prince. Thank you, Your Majesty. We swear to serve Great Qin with our lives." Suddenly, a notification appeared in the system: Xu Fu's loyalty has reached 75. Even Ying Qi was surprised. One move and it jumped straight to 75? Is the effect of rewards really that good? Looks like Xu Fu really had not been living well before. "Ding! Congratulations, Host, on successfully establishing the subordinate force: Pill Hall. Congratulations, Host, on recruiting 200 basic alchemists. Reward: exclusive structure, Pill Tower. Once the Host reaches the Pill Tower, its attributes may be inspected. Reward: Alchemy Art - Pill Scripture, high-tier Profound grade." Damn. The system not only rewards an exclusive structure, it even gives the matching cultivation art too. Nice, nice. So if I establish a Weapon Hall, a Forging Hall, and so on later, there'll definitely be rewards as well. Heh, that's something to look forward to. Ying Qi then turned to Ying Zheng and asked, "Father, do you want to witness a miracle?" Ying Zheng frowned in confusion. "A miracle? What trick are you planning now, you little rascal?" "Father, just watch." Ying Qi immediately ordered the system to manifest the Pill Tower. "Ding! Processing Host command. Pill Tower manifestation beginning." All of a sudden, a beam of divine golden light crashed down from the sky, throwing everyone into confusion. No one understood what was happening. The radiance from the golden light was so bright that many people had to shield their eyes. The image of the Pill Tower slowly emerged, and the gathered officials were all stunned. "This... this is a divine miracle. It really is a divine miracle." Even Ying Zheng could not suppress his shock. "Qi'er, just how many secrets are you hiding?" By this time, the Pill Tower had fully appeared. "I heard that when His Highness the Crown Prince was invested, he received the blessing of heavenly gods and is a man of destiny. It seems those rumors are true." "To witness such a miracle with my own eyes... His Highness the Crown Prince truly is a man of destiny." Back when I served as an alchemist in other states, my life was never safe. Xu Fu silently swore to himself that from this day onward, he would devote himself wholeheartedly to the Crown Prince. Great Qin would surely rise to fame in the future, and he himself would be highly valued by His Highness. Looking at the enormous Pill Tower before him, even Ying Qi could not help but marvel. This Pill Tower is kind of huge. Even I was startled. "System, inspect the structure's attributes." Host is a second-tier alchemist and may enter the second level of the Pill Tower. The Pill Tower is a structure under the Host's control. If the Host wishes to withdraw the Pill Tower, it may be done by thought alone. Special structure: Nine-Layer Pill Tower. Structure attributes: support structure, second floor unlocked. First floor: success rate for first-tier pills +30%; alchemists below second tier gain +30% proficiency; pill furnace comes with ordinary flame. Second floor: success rate for second-tier pills +30%; alchemists below third tier gain +310% proficiency; pill furnace comes with beginner-grade flame. Third floor: locked. Fourth floor: locked. Ying Zheng exclaimed, "Qi'er, I never thought you could truly perform divine miracles. Can this tower be entered?" In reply, Ying Qi smiled and said, "Of course it can. Father, let's go in and take a look." Ying Zheng asked with some concern, "You arranged so many things today. Has something happened?" The two subordinates also took this moment to ask to withdraw. Ying Qi wrapped an arm around his father's shoulder and said, "Don't worry. These are all necessary measures to open the path toward a martial empire. The reason I settled everything today is because I plan to go into seclusion for a while. During this time, state affairs will trouble Father." "Hmph. Seclusion? I think you just want to be lazy, brat." Ying Qi hurriedly defended himself. "No, no. The farther martial cultivation advances, the harder breakthroughs become. I really do need to go into seclusion." "Alright, alright, I believe you. On the path of martial cultivation, I can't help you much." "But if it is to build a unified martial Great Qin Empire and use it as the foundation to conquer in all directions, then I, your father, will certainly do all I can to help you." "Your son thanks Father." Inside the Pill Tower, the group of alchemists were still standing there with mouths agape at the sight before them. It truly was a divine Pill Tower miracle. Hard to believe. Ying Zheng looked at Ying Qi and said, "This Pill Tower is so empty. It seems we must prepare quite a few pill furnaces and a lot of firewood." Ying Qi smiled and replied, "No need, Father. How could a divine structure like the Pill Tower be so inconvenient? This tower has nine levels, each corresponding to the rank of an alchemist." Ying Qi then commanded the Pill Tower to manifest a pill furnace, and immediately a large blazing furnace appeared. Ying Qi continued, "Ignite the pill fire." Ding. Prompt: the Pill Tower can impart pill formulas and alchemy methods to the Hall Master of the Pill Hall. Even Ying Qi was surprised. This Pill Tower has such a convenient function too? "Xu Fu, today I will pass on three pill formulas to you. Memorize them immediately." The three formulas merged into Xu Fu's mind: Meridian-Warming Pill, Body-Tempering Pill, and Qi-Enhancing Pill. The methods for refining them also appeared in his mind. After finishing the transmission, Ying Qi ordered him to master the methods within three months and then teach them to the other alchemists. "Can you do it?" Xu Fu answered sonorously, "This subject will definitely not fail the Crown Prince and the King. I will devote myself fully to studying the alchemy methods." Ying Qi smiled in satisfaction. "Good." Just then, a subordinate entered to report, "Tutor Meng and Chancellor Lü request an audience." Ying Zheng and Ying Qi quickly stepped out of the tower to receive them. Old Meng and old Lü bowed as soon as they saw Ying Zheng and Ying Qi. "Greetings, Your Majesty. Greetings, Your Highness the Crown Prince." Ying Zheng asked curiously, "Two honored tutors, why have you come in such haste?" Lü Buwei replied, "Reporting to Your Majesty, the Crown Prince's fifteen-character national policy in court truly left this old subject in admiration. Now that script unification and copper coin currency already have people carrying them out, this old subject would boldly ask, together with Tutor Meng Hao, to take on the great tasks of standardizing axle widths and standardizing weights and measures." At this point Ying Qi also spoke. "I didn't expect the two tutors to be so willing. Since that is the case, then standardizing axle widths and weights and measures will be entrusted to the two of you." The two men gladly thanked Ying Qi. Meng Hao also reported that he had followed Ying Qi's instructions and secretly summoned the supreme generals of the five regions; they would arrive in Xianyang before long. Ying Zheng asked his son curiously, "Qi'er, you summoned the supreme generals of the five regions back here? Why?" "Father, once they return, your son will let you witness with your own eyes how I will build a martial Great Qin Empire." Ying Zheng frowned in puzzlement. "A martial Great Qin Empire?" Lü Buwei then also spoke, asking permission for the two of them to withdraw first. As soon as the two left, Ying Qi immediately ordered Duo Ruo and the subordinate beneath him to come out at once. Upon hearing the order, both appeared immediately to await instructions. Ying Qi said, "Now that the greater situation has been settled, the time has come. One state does not need two similar intelligence organizations." "Qi'er, you want to..." "Father, starting today, I intend to merge the two organizations. Hidden Shadow will handle external intelligence and assassinations, while the Black Ice Terrace will handle internal surveillance, rooting out traitors and punishing rebels. All matters will be under the direct command of me and Father." "Haha, that is very good." Ying Qi added, "Also, the remaining forces of the Six States have largely been eradicated. Hidden Shadow's infiltration can no longer stay confined to the Central Plains. It can begin expanding beyond the Central Plains." Duo Ruo answered excitedly, "Yes!" After giving all his instructions, Ying Zheng and Ying Qi departed. As they walked, Ying Zheng said, "Between father and son, there is no need for thanks. But if you want to go into seclusion, then come with me to see your mother first. You know how mothers are. She surely has a few things she wants to tell you." "Alright, alright, alright. You're actually the one in a hurry to see Mother again, aren't you?" "Hehe, only you understand me." After returning to his room, Ying Qi opened the system to take a look. Talking about seclusion was really just something he said in passing. Now that everything had settled down, he could finally try it. A chance to enter a dungeon world. I want to see just what this dungeon world thing is. Ying Qi immediately ordered the system, "System, I want to enter a dungeon world." "Ding! Processing Host command. Selecting world. Opening teleportation gate. Ding! Congratulations, Host, on successfully unlocking a dungeon world: the Five Barbarians World. This world is a normal dungeon world, of a level equivalent to the Great Qin world where the Host currently resides. The Host may enter the dungeon world at any time." As Ying Qi watched, he thought to himself: The Five Barbarians World? Could this be that place where the lives of the Yanhuang people were worth less than dogs and pigs, where bloodthirsty alien tribes slaughtered them at will? "Ding! The system's teleportation gate has been completed. Host, please enter." Ying Qi let out a cold snort. I'll go in and see first. In the Five Barbarians World, in the city of Chang'an, everything was already drowned in a sea of flames. Endless cries of despair rang out everywhere. "Spare us, spare us! My child is still young. Please let him go." The child kept crying for his mother in terror. Standing before the unlucky mother and child was a savage and vicious tribesman. Baring his teeth in a grin, he replied, "How could that do? Once you Yanhuang people die, don't you all have to go down to the Yellow Springs? Wouldn't it be better to have your child keep you company on the road?" The woman screamed in fury, "Beast! You tribesmen are all beasts. Why won't you even spare a child?" He immediately sneered back, "Your Yanhuang people are the real animals, lower than dogs and cats." With that, he swung his blade down at the helpless mother and child. At that moment, the mother could only clutch her child tightly in her arms and close her eyes in despair. Slash. He brutally ended both their lives in an instant. Looking at the powerless rage on the faces of these two-legged sheep made him feel incomparably delighted. Another tribesman behind him grew equally excited. "Haha, kill them all! This land of the Central Plains belongs to us noble wolves of the grasslands now." He continued shouting orders to his men, "Kill! There are more over there!" At that moment, Ying Qi slowly stepped out of the spatial gate. What met his eyes was a scene of ruin and desolation, with corpses everywhere below. The system also announced that he had arrived in the Five Barbarians World. The Five Barbarians rebellion: the alien tribes had originally been subservient to the Yanhuang people, but they had taken advantage of the chaos to raise troops. The alien tribes of the Five Barbarians had sent a million soldiers into the Central Plains. "So it really is this place." These Hu tribes are beasts without the slightest humanity, slaughtering my Yanhuang people without even sparing the elderly or the weak. "Child, you should never have met such a fate. I'm sorry... I came too late. Child..." "All those who died at the hands of the aliens in this world, I, Ying Qi, swear by the bloodline of Yanhuang that I will exterminate every single alien who entered the Central Plains and killed my people. I will kill every last one of them. I will make these alien beasts understand this: whoever betrays my Yanhuang will know only death." Ding. Dungeon world mission issued: slaughter the alien tribes and save the Yanhuang people. Mission reward: one Yang Profound-grade reward. Dungeon world mission issued: eliminate the sinner of the Yanhuang people, Sima Shi. Mission reward: one Yang Profound-grade reward. Just then, a group of aliens came running over. "Haha, brothers, there's a two-legged sheep here we missed." "He's stunned and not even running. Looks like he's crying." "Is it because of those two cheap little two-legged sheep? How laughable, haha. Let's have some fun with him." "Two-legged sheep, our leader is giving you a chance. Run for ten breaths. After ten breaths, we'll chase you." "Haha, this sheep is mine!" "Haha, this two-legged sheep has a weapon. I'll kill him. I want to drink wine from his bones." Ying Qi did not bother wasting words on these fiends. He directly used martial power to control the nearby swords and launch them at the group. The aliens only had time to cry out before being sent to meet their ancestors. With that single move, Ying Qi easily killed off a great number of them. "Alien beasts, come and die for this prince!" The remaining aliens shrieked in panic. "This man isn't human. He's a demon, too terrifying!" At this moment, Ying Qi charged into the slaughter like a madman. With one slash of his sword, he could easily send one of them to the grave. One alien immediately blew a horn to call for reinforcements. Ying Qi only fought more fiercely. "Come, come!" In an instant, he sent the horn blower on his way as well. In the blink of an eye, Ying Qi had already sent a huge number of them back to the earth. Just then, the alien reinforcements arrived. Ying Qi turned his cold, murderous gaze toward them. The leader immediately shouted, "You are the one who killed our wolf warriors?" One of the survivors screamed in terror, "Run! He's a demon! He's an asura demon crawling out of hell!" The leader pointed his blade at Ying Qi and roared, "What demon asura? How could I, a wolf of the grasslands, fear one lowly man?" He immediately ordered the archers, "Shoot him to death!" Instantly, countless arrows flew toward Ying Qi. Ying Qi hurriedly summoned the Blood Tiger. At his command, the Blood Tiger instantly appeared and shattered all the arrows attacking him. Ying Qi mounted the Blood Tiger and charged forward in retaliation. "Blood Tiger, kill them all." The leader was horrified out of his wits. "How is this possible? What kind of power is this? Who are you?" Ying Qi could not be bothered to exchange any more words with these beasts. He coldly swung his sword and cut them down. The Blood Tiger was no less fierce, repeatedly tearing enemies apart with its claws. The wolf tribesmen screamed in horror, "Ahhh! A blood-red tiger! Run before we all die! Brothers, run!" Seeing the power of the man and tiger, one of them collapsed to his knees and begged for mercy. "Don't, don't kill me. I surrender." Ying Qi fixed him with a cold gaze full of killing intent. "Spare you? How laughable. My Yanhuang people were innocent. When they begged you for mercy, did you spare them? You did not even spare the children." "Do beasts like you still deserve to live?" As the words fell, a sword stroke came down from above and sent him to meet his ancestors. "Child, I have avenged you." He then shouted to the barbarian tribes, "Listen well. Today is only the beginning. Once the million iron cavalry of my Great Qin enter this world, I will let you know what true despair is. All the suffering the Yanhuang people of this land have endured, I will repay to you a hundredfold." At that moment, the system notification sounded again. Congratulations, Host and pet Blood Tiger, for killing 21,320 enemies and receiving 21,420 experience points. Congratulations, Host, for personally killing over ten thousand enemies. Passive skill: Slaughtering Advancement has advanced by one tier. In the state of killing enemies, true qi recovery speed increases by 20%. The surviving civilians began speaking one after another. "Thank you, thank you, immortal. Thank you, immortal, for saving our lives. If not for you, we would all have been slaughtered by the aliens." "Many thanks for your great grace, immortal. Those alien tribes are more vicious than beasts. If you had not intervened, the more than one hundred thousand people in our entire city would all have died." "We will remember the immortal's great kindness for the rest of our lives." Ying Qi said apologetically, "I came too late. I am no immortal. Please, all of you, stand up." One of the civilians immediately begged Ying Qi to act and drive the aliens out of the realm. "We truly cannot endure this any longer. Thank you, immortal, for saving our lives. The aliens treat us like pigs, dogs, oxen, and horses. They even boil and eat us. They are not people, but beasts. The imperial court has abandoned the Central Plains and left us common people to fend for ourselves." Ying Qi said, "Since ancient times, our Yanhuang people have never feared any enemy or any matter. If those alien tribes are so rampant, why did you not rise up and resist?" Since the Yanhuang race came into being, we have fought the heavens, fought the earth, and fought savage beasts. Yet now, just this band of aliens has made you afraid, robbed you of the courage to fight, robbed you of your bravery and burning spirit. Then ask yourselves—how are you worthy of the name descendants of Yanhuang? To risk our lives and fight the aliens to the bitter end, to stand up and protect ourselves with our own hands—that is the true character of our Yanhuang people. Ying Qi continued his impassioned exhortation. Rise up! They are merely aliens—how could they possibly scare the people of our Yanhuang race into such a shattered state? Faced with those forceful, razor-sharp, fervent words, one man immediately stood up and answered. “The Immortal is right! The aliens are savage and vicious, but from ancient times until now, they have always been trampled beneath the feet of us Yanhuang. If the Sima clan will not save us, then we will rise up and protect ourselves!” At once several others echoed him. “That’s right! This is our home—we’ll fight them!” “Right! We will never run, never surrender! We’ll fight those aliens and defend Chang’an to the death, battling them to the very end!” Ying Qi smiled in satisfaction. “Good. You truly are worthy of the bloodline of Yanhuang. Come—take up the weapons of the aliens. Seize their warhorses. Use the able-bodied men as soldiers and hold the city. In at most three months, this prince’s million-strong army will descend and slaughter every last alien.” The villagers asked in confusion, “May we ask, Immortal, are you going to summon heavenly soldiers and generals from the Immortal Realm? And may we be so bold as to ask the Immortal’s name...?” Ying Qi once again affirmed that he was not an immortal. “I am the son of Qin’s First Emperor, Ying Zheng, and also the Crown Prince Regent of Great Qin. My name is Ying Qi.” Hearing this, some people froze in astonishment, while others were overjoyed and thrilled. “What? The Great Qin Empire? Great Qin really is Great Qin?” “Great Qin didn’t perish? It still exists?” “The First Emperor’s Crown Prince, Ying Qi—never would I have thought we would witness such boundless benevolence.” “Back then, Crown Prince Ying Qi of Great Qin brought peace to the world...” The whole crowd immediately dropped to their knees and bowed. “We pay our respects to Your Highness the Crown Prince!” Ying Qi was also startled and gaped. “You have heard of me before?” They immediately replied that even after a hundred years, who in the world had not heard the name of Great Qin’s Crown Prince? “That’s right! If not for the Crown Prince, how could there be such prosperity for us later descendants of Yanhuang? Great Qin’s Lord Wu’an spread benevolent governance far and wide. Standardizing the axle width of carts and unifying the written script—these were all accomplished by the Crown Prince. And more than that, the Crown Prince created papermaking, printing, and methods of refining and slaying enemies. Later generations all take pride in these things.” The more Ying Qi heard, the more astonished and puzzled he became. “Huh? What is going on? I actually exist in this world’s history? In history, Qin Shi Huang never established a crown prince, and Hu Hai, with the help of Zhao Gao and Li Si, became Qin Er Shi. So what is happening here?” The system immediately explained: “Although the Great Qin world where Host resides is on the same level as the Five Barbarians world, because Host opened the path of cultivation, at the moment these worlds became linked, the Great Dao reflected back and the changes that occurred were recorded into this world’s history.” Ying Qi understood the issue at once. “So that’s how it is. But I have another question. If history has truly been recorded, then how did I die? And what became of my royal father?” A villager quickly answered, “Reporting to Your Highness, the historical records say that the Crown Prince was assassinated by an assassin. Not long afterward, Your Highness’s mother fell ill from grief and also passed away. It was precisely because of this calamity that the First Emperor’s temperament changed, and he searched the world for an elixir of immortality—only because he wished to bring the Crown Prince and the Queen back to life. In the end, he found nothing and died of illness at Shaqiu.” Ying Qi began to find it rather interesting. “Died by assassination? Just who was it that assassinated me?” It seems I must return at once and make preparations, to avoid anything going wrong. “Everyone, I must leave for a time. I leave everything in the city to you. The aliens are arrogant, but we Yanhuang must strengthen ourselves. After one month, this prince will lead Great Qin’s iron cavalry to descend here, and then we will drive these aliens away together.” Hearing this, they all knelt down and answered in unison, “We obey the Crown Prince’s command! We swear to follow unto death! Now that the Central Plains are in chaos, only Your Highness the Crown Prince can save the countless members of our people from suffering.” “We respectfully see off Your Highness the Crown Prince!” Ying Qi did not linger any longer, and immediately mounted the Blood Tiger and left. “The Crown Prince is right! How can we, the descendants of Yanhuang, allow the aliens to slaughter us at will? We must take up arms and stand together against them!” “Fight the aliens in a blood battle and defend our homeland! We must hold the line and wait until the Crown Prince descends with his army!” By this time Ying Qi had already returned to his own world. There was no time to delay—he had to make preparations at once. Ying Qi immediately called for Li Qing and gave his orders. Li Qing rushed in at once, and seeing the blood staining Ying Qi’s clothes, he panicked. “Your Highness, this—” “There is no time for explanations. Go immediately and summon the high generals. I have urgent business.” “Yes, this subordinate will go at once.” Wiping the blood from his face, Ying Qi swore that those aliens owed a blood debt—and blood debts had to be repaid in blood. In just a short while, all the high generals and the troops had fully assembled. The generals cupped their fists in salute. “This last general pays respects to Your Highness the Crown Prince.” Ying Qi told them there was no need for ceremony. “Perhaps none of you know why I have summoned you here today. You can all plainly see that the soldiers standing to my left and right are all the backbone of our Great Qin.” The soldiers immediately shouted, “We swear to serve Great Qin with absolute loyalty unto death!” Ying Qi then asked them, “Do you know of the power of martial cultivation?” The soldiers looked at one another blankly. “The power of martial cultivation? This last general has never heard of it. What in the world is that?” Ying Qi explained, “The power of martial cultivation can be understood simply as the power attained through cultivation. If one cultivates to the Transformation Realm, one can gain eternal life, become an immortal, even become a god. Hearing is nothing compared to seeing. Li Qing, show the generals a demonstration.” “Understood.” The first to step out and demonstrate was Han Fei. Golden light erupted from his entire body, his power radiating without cease, and he leapt into the air. He swung his staff and smashed it straight down at the ground. With a boom, the earth split apart, leaving behind an enormous crater. Seeing it with their own eyes, the soldiers could not help but be shaken. On this side, Li Qing had also finished gathering his strength. He swung his staff at the wall before him, and the terrifying force blasted apart the thick wall. Ying Qi continued to explain, “This is the power of martial cultivation. In the Innate Martial Dao, true qi can be projected outward, and killing from afar is as easy as turning over one’s hand. Cultivate the Martial Dao to the Transformation Realm, and one can live forever. Becoming an immortal or a god is by no means impossible.” Having witnessed the power of martial cultivation firsthand, the soldiers all stood there with mouths agape and eyes wide. “This is unbelievable—such terrifying power!” “This truly is the existence of immortals!” One subordinate immediately asked, “Your Highness, can we also be granted this power?” Ying Qi smiled. “Heh heh, that is exactly why I summoned you here today.” The soldiers below were stunned and delighted, full of eager anticipation. “What? We can also obtain this immortal-like power?” “Today, I will pass on to you the introductory cultivation method of the Martial Dao.” As he spoke, Ying Qi raised his hand and transmitted the technique to them. At once, golden light burst from the bodies of all the soldiers. “We swear to serve Great Qin with utmost loyalty unto death!” “Processing Host command: transferring the first ten layers of the basic cultivation method.” The soldiers cried out in excitement and joy. “I can feel it! I can feel it too!” “Me too!” Ying Qi continued, “The path of martial cultivation lies before you. As for what realm you may reach in the future, that will depend on your own efforts.” “Your Highness has granted us the chance to ascend to the ranks of immortals—we swear to be loyal unto death to Your Highness and to Great Qin!” Ying Qi warned them, “Today, I am imparting martial cultivation and opening the path of the Martial Dao for the empire of Great Qin. Within the Great Qin camps for a hundred years to come, the cultivation methods are to be passed down according to military merit and rank. This is a top secret of Great Qin. Whoever dares leak it shall be punished as a traitor to the state.” The soldiers immediately cupped their fists and answered, “We will devote ourselves fully to cultivating the Martial Dao and absolutely will not dare reveal the cultivation methods to outsiders.” “I have already issued an edict to collect the weapons of all under heaven within Great Qin and melt them into bronze to ensure stability in all directions. For one month, all soldiers of the Five Great Camps are to focus wholeheartedly on cultivating the Martial Dao. Once your training is complete, assemble the troops from the five routes at Xianyang. I have an important mission for you.” “We receive the command!” Ying Qi thought to himself that one month should probably be enough. In the Five Barbarians world, inside the imperial palace of Luoyang, three women were at that moment fleeing in panic, crying out nonstop, “Help! Help!” Chasing after them was a coarse, bearded Xiongnu man. Driven by his bestial lust, he reached out and pounced on a trembling woman who had fallen to the ground, laughing loudly as he did so. “Ha ha, let’s see where you can run!” The woman screamed in terror, while he only laughed more gleefully. “Ha ha, the women of the Hua people are as docile as sheep.” He reached out to grab at her clothes, and she struggled desperately in fear, clutching a sharp weapon in her hand. “You beast of the barbarian tribes! I’ll fight you!” With that, she swung her weapon at him, but he easily blocked it with one hand. He then repeatedly swung his huge arm and slapped the woman hard across the face. “When a sheep enrages a wolf, there is only one road—death.” Struck by the powerful blow, she fainted on the spot. He laughed in savage delight. “Ha ha, no matter how furious a sheep gets, it’s still only a sheep.” Ying Qi suddenly appeared, sword in hand, walking toward him step by step. “Did no one ever tell you that anyone who harms a member of the Yanhuang race has only one road—death?” Hearing the voice, the man turned his head. “Where did this two-legged sheep come from? Tired of living?” He immediately flew into a rage, swinging his fist as he charged at Ying Qi. With a single stroke of his sword, Ying Qi sent him flying. The man crashed painfully to the ground, terrified beyond measure, and begged, “Don’t—don’t kill me!” Furious, Ying Qi leveled his blade at him. “You still want to live?” The man knelt and wept as he pleaded for mercy. “Don’t kill me! I’m willing to lead my people out of the Central Plains. We will never set foot in the Central Plains again for all eternity!” But Ying Qi gave him no such chance. He decisively swung his sword and executed the Xiongnu Chanyu. At once, a notification appeared. “Congratulations, Host, for killing the Xiongnu Chanyu. You have received 1000 experience points.” “Congratulations, Host, on successfully advancing to level 22.” After dealing with the Xiongnu Chanyu, Ying Qi strode away majestically. “Whoever dares kill the people of our Yanhuang race or invade the territory of Yanhuang shall be killed without mercy.” The three women who had narrowly survived repeatedly voiced their thanks. “Thank you, Immortal, for saving our lives! Thank you, Immortal, for saving our lives!” Returning to the original world, Meng Wu and the generals cupped their fists in salute. “Reporting to Your Majesty and Your Highness the Crown Prince, the two great camps of Yongcheng and Handan, totaling one million elite troops, have already been mobilized to Lishan outside Xianyang and can set out at any time.” Ying Zheng then asked, “How are the grain supplies?” “Reporting to Your Majesty, everything is under His Highness’s control.” Ying Qi gave a grunt of acknowledgment and then said to his royal father, “Earlier, I arranged for the people of Zheng to go to Guanzhong and Bashu to plant a new kind of grain.” Ying Zheng asked curiously, “A new grain?” “Yes. In the lands of Guanzhong, they planted a crop called sweet potato, while in Bashu they planted a crop called potato. Minister Feng, what is the yield of these two crops?” Feng Quji hurriedly reported, “Reporting to Your Highness, these two crops can be harvested three times a year. Judging by the current situation, the yield per mu of each crop can reach forty to fifty shi.” The officials behind him were all shocked upon hearing it. “Forty to fifty shi per mu?” “Forty? Fifty shi? Did I hear that right?” “In Guanzhong and Bashu, even during bumper harvests, those lands usually produce only around ten shi per mu. And now it has increased by four to five times?” “Your Highness the Crown Prince truly is divine.” Ying Zheng turned to Ying Qi and said, “So when you made that grand vow before the people under heaven, this was your support. Now that we have this divine grain, Great Qin will no longer suffer famine. Qi’er, on behalf of all the people under heaven, I thank you.” “Hehe, Royal Father, you praise me too highly. Now that the great army has assembled and provisions have been fully prepared, your son is ready to go to that other world and save the Yanhuang people there. I ask Royal Father for permission.” “Qi’er, go without worry. Saving our Yanhuang people is something Great Qin ought to do. It’s just that, if what you said before is true, that world seems extremely dangerous, so you must be careful.” “Your son will remember.” “Once your son has cleansed that world of the aliens and returned in triumph, I will bring Royal Father there to have a look.” Ying Zheng patted his son on the shoulder. “Good. I too look forward to it.” Ying Qi immediately raised his hand and gave the order, “Go and inspect the troops at Lishan.” At the same time, at Lishan, the forces of the Five Great Camps had fully assembled. Combined, the strength of the Five Great Camps reached more than two and a half million troops. Looking across the whole world, only Great Qin could field an army on such a scale. Suddenly, a cry rang out: “His Highness has arrived!” Ying Qi declared in a stirring voice, “Now that the six states have been destroyed, the Central Plains are pacified. Great Qin already holds a peaceful realm under heaven. But in another world, there are people of our Yanhuang race, sharing the same origin as the people of Great Qin, who are being slaughtered by aliens. They face the disaster of extermination. Those despicable aliens are wielding butcher’s knives against our people, and our people are suffering a miserable massacre. Old and young alike are in peril. Tell me, elite warriors of Great Qin—can you endure this?” The soldiers answered in one voice, “Those damned aliens dare offend our people—kill, kill, kill!” “The aliens kill our Yanhuang people and seek to wipe out our race. This hatred and enmity cannot exist under the same heaven!” “Are the elite warriors of Great Qin willing to follow me in slaughtering the aliens, repaying blood with blood?” The soldiers surged with fighting spirit. “Yes! Yes! Yes!” Ying Qi pointed his sword straight at the heavens and roared, “Instance gate—open! Million-strong army, all enter the instance!” The system immediately announced, “Ding. Processing Host command.” A gigantic golden gate instantly appeared before the soldiers. The entire army cried out in amazement, “Th-this is a divine miracle! His Highness the Crown Prince has opened the Heavenly Gate!” Even Meng Wu and Wang Jian were deeply shaken. “Your Highness truly intends to lead us on an expedition beyond the heavens?” Ying Qi ordered, “The Heavenly Gate is open. Army, advance!” The soldiers immediately surged into the Heavenly Gate and stepped into another world. In the new world, the wolf tribes were still relentlessly chasing down and slaughtering the people there. “Kill them! Kill all these two-legged sheep!” “These two-legged sheep dared to resist? Looks like they’re tired of living!” One wolf tribesman smugly raised his blade at his prey. “Let me skin these two sheep and add to our military supplies.” But before he could strike, a gigantic golden gate suddenly descended from the sky, making the entire group panic and turn around to stare. They asked one another, “What the hell is that?” One of them said, “Looks like... a huge golden gate.” The common folk hurriedly knelt and kowtowed. “A divine miracle! A divine miracle! The immortals have appeared! Please strike these damned aliens dead!” One wolf tribesman burst into loud laughter. “Ha ha! You sheep actually think some immortal is coming to save you?” He stomped on the man beneath him and continued laughing. “Ha ha, just obediently die!” At that very moment, a golden light, like the blazing sun of righteousness, flashed before his eyes and made him squint. “Where did that golden light come from?” The Heavenly Gate slowly opened, and inside stood a mighty army. In the next instant, they came charging out on horseback like a flood. “Brothers, charge! It’s time to earn merit!” One of the civilians stared in stunned disbelief and stammered, “Th-this is...” “The roaring wind of the Qin dynasty, the strongest Yanhuang dynasty from hundreds of years ago. Could that great gate just now really have been the gate of the heavenly realm? Could it be that the strongest dynasty of our Yanhuang people was never truly destroyed? Heaven above, please kill all those damned aliens!” The wolf tribesmen hurriedly asked one another, “Where did this army come from? Why does their armor look like the court of the southerners from before?” “Impossible. The southerners all fled long ago. How could there still be an army in the Central Plains?” Ying Qi said to them, “The one-month deadline has arrived. Aliens, your good days are over. You aliens arrogantly slaughter the people of our Yanhuang race—your crime cannot be forgiven.” “Today, I issue the order to kill the Hu. Slaughter every barbarian, annihilate the alien tribes, and save the people of Yanhuang. Kill!” “Kill! Kill!” The soldiers charged forward with fierce momentum, hacking and slaughtering their way through. They cut down every enemy they saw. Ying Qi then ordered Meng Wu and Tu Sui, “The two great camps, one million elite troops—split them into groups of one hundred thousand, disperse in all directions, and kill every alien without leaving a single one alive.” Tu Sui and Meng Wu cupped their fists and accepted the command. At that moment, Ying Qi also understood clearly at last that true power ultimately had to be held in one’s own hands, and that a mighty empire was greater than the power of any one individual. Unless one truly reached the realm of immortals and gods, how could one withstand being besieged by countless troops? First the aliens, and after them the Sima clan—you just wait for me. The humiliation inflicted upon our Yanhuang people by the aliens will be repaid by you twofold. In Chang’an at this moment, corpses lay everywhere, while the survivors desperately searched and scavenged for anything they could put in their stomachs. All for the sake of a single word: survival. The leader of the wolf tribe shouted loudly, “Pass the order! Warriors of the grasslands, follow me and charge! The wealth and beauties inside the city are waiting for you! Charge for me! If we don’t break the city, then slaughter all the two-legged sheep! Charge and take the city!” The city gates slowly opened. Li Qing led the soldiers as they rode out from the city. The wolf tribe leader panicked. “Ah, damn it! These bastards actually opened the city gates to seek death? But where did these soldiers come from? They dare contend with my wolf tribe for Chang’an?” A subordinate at once reported to the general, “This is bad, General. A large army has appeared behind our rear forces, and their numbers are considerable.” The general said, “How is that possible? Our Five Tribes have formed an alliance, and Chang’an was taken by our Wolf tribe.” “General, it seems to be a southern army.” But he still refused to believe it. Impossible. Absolutely impossible. Meng Wu roared, “By order of the Crown Prince of Great Qin, kill every last alien tribesman and spare no one! Charge! Charge! Charge! Kill all the alien tribesmen without leaving a single one alive!” The leader had no choice but to believe it now, but he had only just cried out, “What?!” when Meng Wu struck him in the chest with a single sword slash and sent him flying off his horse. He struggled to force out four words—“The Great Qin Empire”—before dying on the spot. The morale of Great Qin’s soldiers kept rising. “Kill! Kill! Wipe out the alien tribes!” One Wolf tribesman after another fell before the might of Great Qin’s army. At the same time, in Jiankang, the capital of Jin, this fat man was none other than Sima Rui, the king of Jin. He asked the officials below if anyone had anything to report; if not, court would be dismissed. Suddenly, a subordinate rushed in in panic with an urgent report: “Urgent news from the Central Plains! Urgent news from the Central Plains!” Sima Rui exclaimed in shock, “What? Urgent news from the Central Plains? Could it be that the Hu tribes have crossed the Yangtze?” One minister said, “Impossible. The alien tribes could never have the chance to cross the Yangtze.” Another added, “That’s right. When we moved south, we destroyed all the boats in the Central Plains. With the brains of those alien tribes, there is absolutely no way they could build boats to cross the river.” “Your Majesty, it is not the alien tribes crossing the river, but that a million-strong army has suddenly appeared in the Central Plains. They call themselves the Great Qin Empire and are slaughtering the alien tribes madly. The alien tribes have been defeated.” Sima Rui frowned in confusion. “Great Qin?” Then he smiled in relief. “As long as the alien tribes haven’t crossed into Jiangnan, that’s fine.” One minister also thought that upheaval in the Central Plains was definitely a good thing for Great Jin. A general also chimed in, “Your Majesty, with the alien tribes being beaten so badly, this is a perfect opportunity for our Great Jin to counterattack into the Central Plains.” “That is not right. We still don’t know where this force that defeated the alien tribes came from. Did they come from the Western Regions? Are they our own people or not? Everything still needs further discussion.” “That’s true. It seems we should just sit atop the mountain and watch the tigers fight.” “Exactly. Let them compete and kill each other while we stay in Jiangnan and watch how things develop.” Sima Rui then asked the messenger, “You just said this million-strong army calls itself Great Qin. Do you know who commands them?” He immediately replied, “Your Majesty, the commander of Great Qin is calling himself the former prince of Great Qin, Ying Qi.” “Hahaha, what a joke!” The old chancellor Wang Dun also laughed and said, “Back then, Chen Sheng and Wu Guang falsely claimed to be the descendants of Prince Fusu and Xiang Yan. And now someone is claiming to be Great Qin’s Crown Prince Ying Qi. Is he saying he died and came back to life after living for hundreds of years? How absurd.” “That’s right. The Chancellor speaks wisely.” Sima Rui asked Wang Dun, “How should our Great Jin respond now?” “Your Majesty, I believe that if the alien tribes truly are defeated by this force, our court can send people to make contact and receive them. Perhaps we can recruit them along the way. If so, Great Jin could regain control of the Central Plains once more without shedding blood.” Hearing that, Sima Rui was immediately pleased. “As expected of the Chancellor. Truly brilliant. We shall do as the Chancellor says and arrange for someone to make contact with him and attempt to win him over.” “Your Majesty is wise!” Returning to Ying Qi’s side, the young man was discussing battle strategy with Meng Wu and the other generals. Qingzhou, Yuzhou, and Youzhou had all been cleared out. Li Qing stepped forward and reported, “Your Highness, we have just received military reports from Liangzhou. Lizhou and Yongzhou have also all been cleared.” Meng Wu said with certainty, “At most, another half month will be enough to wipe out all remaining alien remnants.” In the Central Plains, Ying Qi said in satisfaction, “Very good. Issue the order for the two main camps to split into eastern and western wings. Use the fastest speed possible to eliminate the remaining alien tribes.” Both men answered excitedly, “Understood!” At that moment, a notification appeared in the system: “Ding. Experience settlement for enemy kills complete. The host’s army has killed 1,624,516 enemies and received 541,500 experience points. The required experience for level-up has been reached. Does the host wish to level up?” Ying Qi looked at the system and muttered to himself, “Sure enough, if I want to grow stronger, relying on my own strength alone is still too weak. Having the army kill enemies really is the kingly path. Getting this much experience in one go—level me up at once!” Immediately, countless notifications appeared: “Ding. Congratulations, host, on successfully advancing to level 23. Ding. Congratulations, host, on successfully advancing to level 24. Ding. Congratulations, host, on successfully advancing to level 25. Ding. Congratulations, host, on successfully advancing to level 26. Ding. Congratulations, host, on successfully advancing to level 27. Ding. Congratulations, host, on successfully advancing to level 28.” Ying Qi had finally reached the eighth layer of the Grandmaster Realm. Wave after wave of power surged through Ying Qi’s body. “This time my strength increased way too much. This feels amazing. Just two more levels and I’ll reach level 30. After that comes a whole new tier, the Great Grandmaster. At that realm, one can truly fly through the air, and one’s lifespan extends to a thousand years. The Sima clan should know of Great Qin’s existence by now, right? Don’t worry, your turn is coming soon.” In the blink of an eye, half a month passed. At this time, corpses of the Wolf tribe were strewn everywhere. Inside the imperial palace of Great Jin, Sima Rui was holding a celebratory banquet, drinking and feasting while admiring women. “My beloved ministers, bottoms up!” The officials also happily raised their cups in return. Wang Dun said excitedly, “Now the chaos in the Central Plains has settled, and the alien tribes have been exterminated. This is all thanks to Your Majesty’s great virtue.” “With Your Majesty’s prestige, you will surely be able to make the Qin subjects pacify the Central Plains and return their hearts to us.” “That’s right. Your Majesty bears Heaven’s mandate. That Qin state will have no choice but to bow its head and submit.” “Hahaha, my dear ministers, you speak truly. In all the world, only my Sima clan is the rightful imperial authority. If not for my Sima clan, how could the world have been brought to peace?” He had barely finished basking in his own delight, when before long someone rushed in from outside with an urgent report. “Urgent news from Jingzhou! Urgent news from Jingzhou!” Sima Rui asked, “What happened?” The man knelt and said, “Your Majesty, Jingzhou has fallen!” Sima Rui felt as if struck by thunder. “What did you say? Is the great general defending Jingzhou a complete waste? I gave enough provisions for three hundred thousand troops to hold out for more than a year. How could Jingzhou possibly have fallen?” “Reporting to Your Majesty, the Qin army that slaughtered the alien tribes advanced on Jingzhou, and the defending general directly surrendered. Qin didn’t need to spend a single soldier to take Jingzhou successfully. Jingzhou has now fallen into Qin hands.” Sima Rui could no longer remain calm. His limbs went weak and he collapsed, knocking over the wine and meat on the table. “Impossible! Absolutely impossible! Jingzhou is the vital gate protecting our Great Jin. If Jingzhou falls, the army we deployed along the Yangtze is useless now.” “That is exactly right. We should immediately redeploy troops from Chang’an to defend Jiankang, or the consequences will be unthinkable.” But it was already too late. Outside, the sound of galloping hooves was growing louder and louder. Sima Rui was terrified beyond measure. “Th-this sound… what is it?” A panicked soldier rushed in to report, “Your Majesty, this is bad, very bad! Qin—it’s the Qin army! The Qin army has reached us!” Sima Rui asked in disbelief, “What did you say? Say that again!” “Reporting to Your Majesty, several thousand Qin soldiers have already reached the city walls. All of them are riding tigers as mounts, and the one leading them is riding a huge blood-red tiger. He claims to be Great Qin’s Crown Prince, Ying Qi.” Sima Rui stammered in fear, “H-how did they get here so fast? Quick, mobilize the imperial guards in the city, and all the city defense troops as well. Defend the walls at all costs. The Qin army must not be allowed to breach the city!” Outside the city, Li Qing said, “Your Highness, since this surprise attack has come to this point, the Sima clan and those useless ministers of Jin certainly won’t escape.” Before Ying Qi now stood Jiankang City. “Your Highness, shall we attack?” “No hurry. I want to give them a chance. Bring me my divine bow!” Ying Qi immediately drew the bow and used the Divine Arrow Technique, firing toward Jiankang’s city gate. Watching from atop the wall, Jin general Huan Wen was baffled. “The man holding that bow—is he the legendary Crown Prince of Qin, Ying Qi? What is he trying to do?” The arrow shot forth at lightning speed and effortlessly blasted through the city gate. General Huan Wen and his subordinates were horrified. “What the hell? What kind of divine power is this? One arrow pierced through the city gate?” Ying Qi then told them, “I am Great Qin’s Lord Wu’an and Crown Prince of Qin, Ying Qi. Today I have led my army here, and taking this city would be as easy as flipping my hand. But for the sake that you are of the same people, stop helping the enemy. If you don’t wish to die, open the city gate and surrender at once. I will lead you to the Sima clan and his officials so we may demand justice.” Upon hearing this, Huan Wen immediately ordered his subordinates to open the gate. “The Great Qin Empire, descendant of the First Emperor… so the rumors in the Central Plains are true. Great Qin did not perish. Crown Prince Ying Qi is truly still alive.” Inside the city, Sima Rui was frantic with anxiety. “What’s going on? Why hasn’t any soldier come to report the battle situation?” A servant comforted him and told him not to worry. “The enemy has probably already been driven back by General Huan Wen.” As if his wish had been granted, Huan Wen immediately led his troops into the imperial palace. Seeing Huan Wen approach with a sword in hand, Sima Rui asked in horror what he intended to do. Huan Wen replied, “By order of Great Qin’s Crown Prince, to seek justice for our people who died miserably in the Central Plains, and to demand a price be paid for the people under Heaven.” Sima Rui was terrified out of his wits. “You dare betray me? Guards! Guards!” Ying Qi also walked in at that moment and began condemning him. “Sima clan, you and your lackeys have lived quite comfortably.” “Stop shouting. No one is coming to save you. The people under Heaven hate you so much they would gladly eat your flesh raw and tear you into a hundred pieces.” Sima Rui trembled and tried to crawl away. “You are Great Qin’s prince. You can’t kill me. I am the emperor, I am the emperor!” Ying Qi coldly drew his sword. “Sima clan, one of the Eight Princes—your weakness allowed the alien tribes to ravage the Central Plains for many years and slaughter countless of our people. All these crimes lie with your Sima clan. If I do not kill you, the hearts of the people under Heaven cannot be consoled. Die!” Without the slightest hesitation, Ying Qi swung his sword and executed him. Huan Wen received the order. “Your general awaits commands.” “Arrest the entire Sima clan and all the traitorous ministers of the Jin court. Take them to the execution grounds and behead them all without exception.” “This subordinate obeys!” At last, I have personally killed the Sima clan of this world, the sinners of the Yanhuang people. Next comes bringing this world under Great Qin’s rule, sending civil officials to govern it, and then returning to Ying Qi’s original world. At this time, in Qin King Hall of Xianyang, a group of Xiongnu foreign envoys had come for an audience. “Great Qin’s King, today this foreign envoy comes under the orders of Modu Chanyu of the Great Xiongnu, especially to seek a marriage alliance with Great Qin. At the same time, we present betrothal gifts: ten thousand head of cattle, ten thousand sheep, and ten thousand taels of gold and silver.” “We ask Your Majesty to permit our Wudan tribe to seek this marriage.” Ying Zheng then asked him, “Whom does your Wudan tribe wish to marry?” He replied that they wished to ask for a Great Qin princess in marriage for their tribe’s Modu Chanyu. The gathered officials were all stunned. “The Xiongnu Wudan want to marry a princess of our Great Qin?” Irritated, Ying Zheng told him, “A barbaric alien tribe dares think of marrying my daughter?” The man proudly spoke with an implied threat. “Now our Xiongnu tribe has destroyed the Donghu and unified the grasslands. Our troops number a million, and our population has reached ten million. Our Modu Chanyu knows that Great Qin has only just pacified the Central Plains and must surely be waiting to rebuild. Many generals wished to attack the Central Plains, but all were restrained by our Modu Chanyu.” “Are you threatening me?” “Your Majesty misunderstands. This foreign envoy comes with sincerity only to seek marriage for the Chanyu and has never intended to become an enemy of Great Qin.” Han Fei worriedly exclaimed, “If the savage tribes attack the Central Plains again, what should we do?” Ying Qi thundered at him, “With just your alien tribe, you think you are worthy of threatening our Great Qin?” Hearing this, the envoy was startled and turned to look behind him. “Crown Prince Ying Qi of Qin has arrived!” Following those words, Ying Qi swung his hand and sent the man flying to the ground. “My Great Qin—is it something a lowly alien tribe like yours can threaten? I could kill you as easily as crushing an ant.” Seeing Ying Qi arrive, the officials all lit up with delight. “The Crown Prince has come, the Crown Prince has come!” Ying Qi slowly walked toward the Xiongnu envoy. “Your gifts, I will accept on behalf of Great Qin. As for this marriage proposal, carry a message back to Modu: he had best not provoke our Great Qin. Otherwise, we will let your Xiongnu know what is called thunderous wrath. Don’t think that destroying a small tribe like the Donghu gives you the right to act arrogantly before Great Qin.” By now blood was running from the Xiongnu envoy’s nose and mouth. Struggling, he coughed and accused, “Isn’t Great Qin’s Crown Prince being a bit too overbearing? This time our tribe came to propose marriage. If the marriage fails, then why offer gifts at all?” Ying Qi couldn’t be bothered wasting words on him anymore and ordered his subordinates to throw this rude alien out of Xianyang. Upon receiving the order, Li Qing immediately led men forward and dragged him away. He shouted repeatedly, “You—you! In war, neither side kills the messenger. Aren’t you afraid of insulting me like this and provoking our Xiongnu?” Ying Qi shot him a warning glance. “Go back and deliver my words to Modu. If he wants war, anytime is fine. Let him just try stepping across Great Qin’s border.” Seeing Ying Qi’s imposing bearing, the officials stirred again in amazement. The Crown Prince had vanished for several months, yet when he returned he was even more domineering than before. This was exactly how alien tribes should be treated by His Highness the Crown Prince. Only then did Ying Zheng ask Ying Qi, “Has the matter been resolved?” “Yes, Royal Father, I have already settled it.” “Good, then.” “Royal Father, several months have now passed. How has the fifteen-character national policy I proposed before been implemented?” Ying Zheng smiled and looked toward Li Si. “Tell us, how is the script creation progressing?” Li Si hurriedly reported, “Great King, Your Highness the Crown Prince, taking Qin script as the foundation and with the support of the scripts of the various states, this minister has successfully created a completely new script called Small Seal Script. It is easy to understand. We need only the approval of the Great King and the Crown Prince to implement it.” Ying Qi thought to himself that the Small Seal Script of history had finally taken shape today. Holding the wooden slip engraved with characters, Ying Qi praised it. “Royal Father, the script created by the Commandant of Justice is not bad.” Ying Zheng agreed. “It can be implemented throughout Great Qin.” Li Si clasped his hands excitedly and thanked Ying Zheng and Ying Qi. Ying Qi then asked Feng Quji and Han Fei, “What about the two of you?” “Reporting to Your Highness, in these past few months, all weapons throughout the realm have been confiscated. The collected weapons have all been melted into bronze and can be recast into military equipment.” Han Fei also informed him that the codes and books of the six states, as well as the folk books of the six states, had all been collected and were only awaiting an edict from the Great King and the Crown Prince to be burned. Ying Qi said, “The codes and books of the six states cannot be burned.” The young man fell into thought. In history, the so-called burning of books had not actually meant burning every book of the six states, but rather burning the historical records of the states not recorded by Qin and burning the various states’ cultural texts. Yet during the actual burning, how could such fine distinctions truly be enforced? Naturally, many inherited books from ancient times were destroyed. Ying Zheng asked Ying Qi what use keeping these books would have. Ying Qi replied, “If the books of the various states are burned, it will cause a loss to the civilization of our Yanhuang people. Your son suggests preserving them in the archives. At the same time, we can select the finest books from the various states and spread them among the people. Let all under Heaven use them to advance the unified Small Seal Script and unify Great Qin’s culture.” Ying Zheng found the matter somewhat difficult. “This…” Li Si believed that although the script had already been created, it would not be easy to promote it throughout the realm. “We must have enough bamboo slips before it can be widely implemented, and we also need sufficient time.” Ying Qi smiled and said there was no need to go through so much trouble. The young man then summoned Dun Ruo. Dun Ruo immediately entered, carrying two boxes, one red and one gold. “Has the item I instructed you to make been completed?” “Reporting to Your Highness, the finished products are ready. Please take a look.” Ying Qi opened the box, inspected it, and then picked up a stack of paper. Ying Zheng stared blankly at his son. “Qi’er, what have you made now?” “Well then, Royal Father, take a look. If this were used for writing books in place of bamboo slips, how effective would it be?” “What is this?” Ying Qi ordered his subordinates to hand one sheet to each of the officials below. “This is called paper. I received it from Heaven and developed it from there.” “It is very light. If one writes on it with ink, the writing is extremely clear. Compared to the heaviness and complexity of bamboo slips, a single sheet of this can hold more writing than ten bamboo slips.” The officials took the paper and examined it, all unable to hide their astonishment. Ying Qi asked them, “If this paper replaced bamboo slips and leather scrolls for recording books throughout the realm, as well as court documents and your memorials, what do you all think?” Ying Zheng asked in puzzlement, “What is the production cost of this paper, and what is it made from?” “Reporting to Royal Father, white paper is made from trees and bamboo. The cost of making it is ten times lower than bamboo slips.” “My god, using trees and bamboo to create such a divine object. The Crown Prince truly is someone favored by Heaven.” Dun Ruo then spoke up. “Please allow His Majesty to inspect the second finished product.” Ying Zheng was surprised again. “There’s a second finished product? And what is this?” Ying Qi opened the golden box and introduced it. “This second finished product is called movable type printing. Royal Father, please take a look.” “Qi’er, what use do these tiny carved characters have? Royal Father, look carefully,” If you apply ink over these carved characters and then press them onto blank paper, you can print the characters onto the page. Li Si’s mind immediately raced, and he exclaimed excitedly, “I understand Your Highness’s meaning now. As expected of the divine artifact Heaven bestowed upon the Crown Prince to govern the world. With this movable type printing, it can save the labor of copying books by hand, turn texts into bound volumes, and print out tens of thousands of characters. Exactly, Commandant of Justice. Since you have created these new characters, if this paper and printing technique are spread throughout Great Qin, then I believe our new Qin script will very quickly spread across the world.” The gathered officials hurriedly knelt and spoke in unison. “Your Highness is Heaven-blessed. For Great Qin to have Your Highness is a blessing for the King and a blessing for Great Qin.” “Hehe, I still have one very important thing to show you all.” Ying Qi then pulled out an enormous map. Ying Zheng was startled again. “Qi’er, you’ve created so many wonders today that for a moment I can hardly take it all in. Qi’er, slow down, slow down first.” Ying Qi smiled smugly. “Royal Father, just wait and see. I still have plenty of advanced techniques I haven’t brought out yet.” “Royal Father, haven’t you always wanted to see how large the world truly is? Today, the opportunity has come.” “Qi’er, could this be—” “Ministers, move aside a little. Royal Father, please behold the world.” “Royal Father, this is the complete map of the world that your son drew. Dazzled yet?” Seeing this, Ying Zheng and the gathered ministers could only stare in shock, mouths hanging open, unable to utter a word. Ying Qi began pointing things out. “This area here is the territory of our Great Qin. To the west it connects to the Western Regions, to the east to the Eastern Sea, with a vast expanse in between. With the manpower we currently have, even if someone spent an entire lifetime, they would not be able to reach the end of Great Qin’s territory.” “But Qi’er, is Great Qin’s territory in this world actually this small?” “In the past, I believed Great Qin could destroy the Six States and rule all under Heaven, but now it seems I truly was a frog at the bottom of a well. Great Qin is not the whole world, and the world is not only Great Qin.” “That’s right. Compared to the world, Great Qin’s territory does not even make up three parts of it.” “How can that be? How can the world be so large?” “Royal Father, the Central Plains of our Great Qin truly are not the whole world. With this map, we can know how vast the world is and how boundless the heavens are.” “Qi’er is absolutely right. I truly never imagined that beyond the western frontier there would be nations with territories so vast. This Roman Kingdom, this Peacock Kingdom, and this Seleucid Kingdom—I have never even heard of them.” “This subject also never imagined the world could be so large.” “Indeed. Before this, we truly were frogs at the bottom of a well.” Han Fei also spoke up. “The Crown Prince has bestowed this view of the world upon us and dispelled our ignorance and confusion. Since Your Highness has drawn this complete map of the world, this subject dares ask Your Majesty and Your Highness: when will Great Qin send out troops to conquer these nations and unify the world? We are willing to follow Your Majesty and His Highness the Crown Prince unto death to unify the world.” Ying Zheng and Ying Qi both burst into laughter. “The fifteen-character national policy is precisely the time when Great Qin will send troops to attack the world. Royal Father, your son will plant Great Qin’s banner in every corner of the world. Whether it is the Roman Kingdom or the Peacock Kingdom, all must submit to our Great Qin.” “Good. Royal Father believes you can do it.” “Haha, only our Great Qin can achieve true unification.” “Royal Father, now that the Xiongnu envoy has been driven away, to guard against any sudden changes, your son will make preparations in advance.” “Mm, Qi’er, go ahead. After you’re done, go visit your mother.” “Yes, Father. Your son takes his leave.” It was also about time for him to go inspect the new weapons. A short while later, Ying Qi arrived at the weapons production site. One of the subordinates hurriedly shouted, “His Highness the Crown Prince has arrived!” “Greetings, Your Highness.” “Rise. How is the repeating crossbow coming along?” “Reporting to Your Highness, a finished product has already been made. Please take a look, Your Highness. With the iron-smelting method Your Highness taught us, the force generated by this crossbow mechanism is enough to pierce a bronze shield.” Ying Qi hurriedly picked up a repeating crossbow and raised it to fire straight at the wall in front of him. The bolt instantly shot forward with a wind-tearing speed, then slammed into the wall and punched a large hole through it. Satisfied, Ying Qi praised them, “Very good. How many can the craftsmen of the Black Ice Terrace produce in a day right now?” “Reporting to Your Highness, if we make no other weapons, we can produce one thousand repeating crossbows a day.” “Transfer the repeating crossbow manufacturing technology to the Lesser Treasury. Distribute the finished products and instructions for use throughout the entire army.” “Understood, Your Highness.” “Hehe, with these iron weapons, plus the elixirs refined by Xu Fu, our Great Qin army will sweep across the world and win every battle.” As for Ying Zheng, at this moment he was quietly chatting with his wife. “Dong’er, today Qi’er truly broadened my horizons.” Dong’er asked, “What could possibly broaden Brother Zheng’s horizons so much?” “I never imagined that beyond our Great Qin there would be such a vast heaven and earth. Dong’er, I’ve made a decision.” Dong’er immediately asked, “Is it related to Qi’er?” “Mm. I’ve decided that on the day of the Mount Tai Fengshan ceremony, I will hand the throne over to Qi’er.” “Brother Zheng, have you truly thought it through?” “Of course. Qi’er’s abilities are indeed exceptional, far beyond mine as his father. Qi’er has the ability to govern Great Qin and to lay the foundation for Great Qin for ten thousand generations.” “Only with him governing Great Qin can our family’s great wish of living for countless ages be fulfilled. What, did you think I was unwilling to let go of this position? To me, although the world is good and power is great, compared to you they are as light as a feather. Passing the throne to Qi’er means that not only can I spend more time with you and be close to you, I can also have more time to cultivate. Truly killing two birds with one stone, Brother Zheng. No matter what decision you make, Dong’er will always stay by your side.” Just as the mood turned romantic and things were about to go further, their son suddenly ran in calling, “Mother, I’m back!” The two of them jumped in fright like a pair caught red-handed. The young man, embarrassed, scratched his head and laughed. “Your son was rash. I came back at the wrong time.” “You little brat, why do you always ruin your father’s good moments every single time?” “Aiyo, sorry for disturbing you, sorry for disturbing you.” Dong’er stepped forward and told Ying Qi to sit down quickly. “Why are you still standing there talking nonsense?” “Mother, it seems you’ve been very well cared for lately. Your complexion looks much better now, hehe.” “That’s all thanks to your father.” Ying Qi hurriedly stepped forward and picked up the two children. “Hehe, good children, good children.” “By the way, Qi’er, back in court you didn’t explain it in detail. How did things go this time when you went to that world?” “I already handled it. Those ten thousand foreign tribesmen were completely wiped out by me, and I even killed that foolish and tyrannical ruler of the Sima clan, Sima Rui.” “That’s good. At least now we can answer to the people of our clan in that world.” “Royal Father, your son does have one matter to report.” “Qi’er, if you have something to say, just say it directly.” “Royal Father, I want to reopen the Jixia Academy and select a group of officials. This would not only serve the reform of ritual governance in our Great Qin court, but would also allow us to send a group of officials to govern that world.” Ying Zheng agreed immediately. “Our Great Qin has fought the Six States all the way until now. Indeed, we have never truly carried out reforms in official rites and institutions. As expected, you plan far ahead. Qi’er, go ahead and do it freely. Your father will support you with everything he has.” “Many thanks, Royal Father. If that is the case, then I will find a way to dig out all the talents of this era.” At the same time, in Pei County, the common people had now obtained lives of warmth and plenty. They worked during the day and returned home at night to reunite with their little families. “Life these days is really damn wonderful.” “That’s right. His Highness the current Crown Prince is wise and enlightened. Not only is there no war, he also bestowed sweet potatoes and potatoes upon us. With these two divine crops, we won’t go hungry in the future.” “Your boy is really something—he’s already a fifth-rank noble. My boy is only second-rank, but the court still granted him five plots of farmland.” “Hehe, if all the land were still occupied by the nobles like before, how could land ever belong to us?” Suddenly, a loud shout rang out. “Catch him! Liu Ji is stealing again!” The young man currently clutching a pile of potatoes and running for dear life was Liu Bang. The people behind him yelled in pursuit, “Catch him and take him to the authorities!” “That good-for-nothing wants food without working for it. Now that the court has given us land to farm, this guy still goes around stealing everywhere. Today we absolutely must take him to the authorities.” Liu Bang pleaded, “Please, don’t do this, everyone, don’t do this. Elders and fellow villagers, I was just too hungry. I didn’t mean to steal.” “Liu Ji has stolen many times and never changed. He must be taken to the authorities for Lord Xiao He to deal with.” “Right, take him to the authorities.” “Folks, in the future I, Liu Ji, will definitely accomplish great things. Today just count this as me borrowing it from you all.” “Hmph, I scoff. With how lazy you are, what could you possibly accomplish? Go back and keep dreaming.” An old farmer suddenly cried out for everyone to look. “Lord Xiao is here.” Xiao He immediately passed judgment. “Liu Ji is a habitual thief and must be punished severely. According to Qin law, a thief is imprisoned for one year. If one repeatedly refuses to reform, the offenses are added together and punishment is doubled. This official sentences you to three years in prison.” Liu Bang begged, “My lord, I was wrong. I was truly wrong. Fellow villagers, I guarantee I absolutely won’t steal again in the future. Please, all of you, let me off this one time.” “Hmph, only a ghost would believe your words. Tell me, Liu Ji, you’re the laziest man in all of Pei County.” Xiao He did not continue arguing. He raised his hand in a signal and ordered his subordinates to take Liu Bang away and throw him into jail. The subordinate hurriedly answered, “Understood.” Liu Bang still kept pleading, “Spare me. I won’t dare do it again next time.” One of the villagers immediately praised, “Lord Xiao is wise.” “Now that Liu Ji won’t be here anymore, our Pei County can be a little more peaceful as well.” Xiao He then said to the villagers, “His Majesty and the Crown Prince have bestowed grace upon all under Heaven and all the people. The benevolent policies, land grants, and public order that the people of Great Qin now enjoy did not come easily. Fellow villagers, do not violate Qin law.” “Lord Xiao is right. His Majesty and the Crown Prince are wise. For us to live such good days now, we are truly endlessly grateful.” “That’s right, that’s right. Now that Great Qin is implementing benevolent governance and abolishing many of the harsh provisions in Qin law, it truly is a blessing for all the people.” Inside the great hall of the King of Qin, the assembled ministers bowed in unison. “Your subjects pay respects to Your Majesty and to the Crown Prince. May Great Qin endure for ten thousand years. May Your Majesty live for ten thousand years. May the Crown Prince live for ten thousand years.” “Rise, ministers. Since our Great Qin sent troops to pacify the world, more than ten years have passed. The Six States have been destroyed for several years now, and the world has been settled. You all have rendered meritorious service in this founding era.” “We rejoice for Your Majesty and for His Highness the Crown Prince.” “Reporting to Your Majesty, all preparations for the Mount Tai rites to Heaven and Fengshan ceremony have been properly arranged. We now only await Your Majesty and the Crown Prince’s arrival at Mount Tai.” Ying Zheng spread his arms and declared boldly, “Good. The Fengshan ceremony at Mount Tai is the greatest grand occasion in a thousand ages. In ten days, we set out for Mount Tai.” “We obey your command.” In the blink of an eye, the day of the rites to Heaven and Fengshan ceremony arrived. Beneath the blazing sun of Tai Commandery, a mighty army had assembled and stood guard. They were carrying out the duty of protecting Ying Zheng, Ying Qi, and the officials. As they walked, Ying Zheng said, “Mount Tai originally lay within the borders of Qi, but now the Central Plains are unified. Everything is the territory of our Great Qin.” Ying Qi reminded him, “The mountain path is steep and winding. Royal Father, be careful.” “Qi’er, once we ascend Mount Tai, the lands of the Central Plains will all lie beneath the feet of father and son. On the summit of Mount Tai, your father will offer sacrifice to the vast heavens above. This is an achievement for ten thousand generations, created by the two of us.” Suddenly, gravel began falling from the mountaintop. Ying Qi looked up toward the peak, wondering why rocks were falling here. All of a sudden, a shout echoed down from above. “Ying Qi, little brat, prepare to die!” Right after those words, an enormous boulder came crashing down straight toward Ying Zheng and Ying Qi. Ying Qi cried out in alarm, “Royal Father, be careful!” The young man immediately drew out his divine bow and used the Divine Archery Art to shatter the huge boulder in front of them. Han Fei hurriedly shouted, “Protect the King! Protect the King!” Xiang Yu leapt down from the mountaintop like a bloodthirsty beast, long sword in hand, roaring wildly. “Ying Qi, I’ll take your dog life to face the elders of Jiangdong! My Xiang clan of Western Chu will definitely destroy this tyrannical Qin! Ying Qi, little brat, if you want to ascend Mount Tai, keep dreaming!” Ying Qi instantly drew his sword and blocked the strike. “Xiang Yu, you didn’t die after all?” Ying Qi swung his sword and drove him back. “Why is the martial power in this Xiang Yu’s body different from before?” Dun Ruo ordered the crossbowmen to prepare to fire. At once, countless arrows shot straight toward Xiang Yu, but he swiftly knocked them all aside. He laughed proudly and arrogantly, “Hahaha!” Ying Qi observed him and thought, “This Xiang Yu truly has the battle strength of a man who can hold a pass alone. If I kill him outright, would that be a bit of a waste?” Suddenly, the ground shook violently, making the soldiers panic and nearly lose their footing. “Protect the King!” The mountain trembled, and more giant rocks continued falling from above. Xiang Yu boasted and laughed loudly, “You want to ascend Mount Tai? Keep dreaming!” Ying Qi used the Divine Archery Art once again, but this time he unleashed it in the state of the eighth level of the Grandmaster Realm. “Xiang Yu, you brought this death upon yourself.” The arrows flew out with the speed of light, shattering all the massive falling rocks. The soldiers and officials could only stare in stunned amazement and exclaim, “Your Highness the Crown Prince—this is the power of an immortal!” “His Highness the Crown Prince has the power of an immortal!” Xiang Yu was inwardly shaken to the core. “Impossible— How could this be?” “Xiang Yu, as far as martial power goes, you still have much to learn.” As Ying Qi spoke, he rushed forward and slashed at him. Xiang Yu could only grit his teeth and defend, but he was quickly blasted far backward by Ying Qi’s martial strength. Only after planting his sword into the ground could he barely keep himself standing. He cried out in horror, “What?!” Before he could collect himself, Ying Qi was already charging in with the next strike. “It’s just that you no longer have that chance. Die, Hegemon-King of Western Chu.” In the blink of an eye, Ying Qi had appeared before him and brought down a sword strike filled with martial power straight at Xiang Yu. Xiang Yu could only use all his strength to block Ying Qi’s attack, but in less than a second he was sent flying straight off the cliff. Before falling, he shouted, “Though Chu has but three households left, the one to destroy Qin will surely be Chu!” Standing on the cliff, Ying Qi immediately replied, “History has finally been changed. Great Qin will not perish.” Afterward, Ying Qi ordered his subordinates to clean up the battlefield and clear the mountain road so as not to delay the rites to Heaven and Fengshan ceremony. “Dun Ruo, understood.” Ying Zheng spoke up to ask after his son, “Qi’er, are you hurt? I never expected that even after the world was unified, remnants of the Six States would still remain. This has truly given your father a fright.” “Your son is fine. The trouble has already been dealt with. It will not delay the rites to Heaven and Fengshan ceremony.” Ying Zheng quickly replied, “Good.” Up on the summit, the black-clothed man who had once resurrected Xiang Yu muttered, “Eighth-level Grandmaster Realm. Now that there is no more warfare in the Central Plains, how has he grown so rapidly? How did he do it? Ying Qi, you truly are unfathomably mysterious. It seems I’ll have to think of another way.” A short while later, Ying Zheng and Ying Qi arrived at the summit of Mount Tai. “His Majesty has arrived! The Crown Prince has arrived!” Ying Zheng and Ying Qi slowly stepped onto the altar. Lü Buwei immediately began reading the sacrificial proclamation. “Heaven above bears witness, the lands below bear witness. In ages past, the Central Plains were ravaged by chaos. The tribes were divided, and the world was plagued by endless war. The peoples were displaced. Yet Heaven had eyes and saw the imbalance of the earth, the disorder of the common people, and the devastation of all living beings. Thus was born one with Heaven’s mandate to change this chaotic age of a thousand years. Ying Qi of the Ying clan, Zhao lineage, eldest son of the King of Qin, born among the common people, raised amid the hardships of the common people, knowing the suffering of the common people, of humble origins yet rising up from the chaos of war, sweeping away the Six States, stabilizing the world, and expanding the borders of Great Qin and the land of Yan and Huang.” Ying Qi began to feel that something was off. Wasn’t the Mount Tai Fengshan ceremony in history supposed to be the grand rite crowning his Royal Father as Emperor? Why did all of this sound like it was about him? “Hey, Royal Father, why is this proclamation reading out my achievements instead of yours? What does this mean?” “Haha, Qi’er, every time it’s you who brings surprises to your father. This time, it’s your father’s turn to surprise you.” Ying Qi inwardly sighed. You’re about to become Emperor, and you still like playing these games? Ying Zheng laughed to himself in satisfaction. If his son could predict everything, wouldn’t that make him, the father, lose face? Ying Zheng then proclaimed, “My son Ying Qi is Heaven’s chosen child. I, Ying Zheng, have been blessed by Heaven to have such a son worth more than his weight in gold. This is the fortune of this king, the fortune of Great Qin, and the fortune of all the people under Heaven. The achievements of my son Ying Qi shall endure through the ages and through eternity. His merit among the descendants of Yan and Huang surpasses that of the rulers of all dynasties. Even I cannot compare. I have ruled as king for thirty years, exhausting all my efforts only to fulfill the final wishes of Great Qin’s ancestors through the generations. Now the Six States have been destroyed, and the land of Yan and Huang is unified. Therefore, I have decided to pass the throne to Ying Qi. Starting today, my son Ying Qi shall ascend as Emperor and bear the title First Emperor of Great Qin.” The assembled ministers were so shocked and bewildered that they exchanged glances with one another, while Ying Qi himself was stunned beyond words. What the hell? I became the First Emperor of Great Qin? “Royal Father, that honorific should belong to you. You are the eternal first sovereign, the First Emperor of Great Qin— Emperor.” At this moment, the young man’s heart was in turmoil. If he became Qin Shi Huang, then wouldn’t history be completely rewritten? Ying Zheng said, “You are mistaken, Qi’er. I have inherited the will of our ancestors and founded the unified realm of Yan and Huang—that alone is enough. That is your father’s achievement before the people of the world. But you are different. Your ambition lies not only in this world, but in all the heavens. As your father, I fall far short of you. You are this king’s most wondrous son. Today at the Mount Tai Fengshan ceremony, your father is opening the imperial road for you.” Ying Qi said firmly, “Absolutely not. Royal Father ascended the throne at thirteen, eliminated treacherous ministers, executed rebels, reclaimed royal power, strengthened the might of Great Qin, and gave Great Qin the power to destroy the Six States and unify Yan and Huang. Therefore, you must be the one honored as the eternal first sovereign—the eternal first sovereign, Qin Shi Huang.” The assembled ministers below hurriedly knelt in salute. “Your subjects pay respects to Qin Shi Huang! May Qin Shi Huang live ten thousand years! May Great Qin endure for ten thousand years!” Ying Zheng turned and called for Qi’er. Ying Qi said, “Royal Father, the title of eternal first sovereign is one that only you deserve.” Ying Zheng felt deeply gratified. Qi’er not only excelled in civil and martial accomplishments, but in matters of filial piety and righteousness as well. With such a son, what more could a father ask for? “In that case, my son Ying Qi, your merit shakes the world. With martial power you destroyed the Six States, so you shall be bestowed the honored title of Emperor. As the successor to this Emperor, you shall be the second Emperor of Great Qin, styled Qin Wu Emperor.” “Today is also my son’s grand succession ceremony.” The ministers knelt once more in salute. “Your subjects pay respects to the Wu Emperor! May Great Qin endure for ten thousand years! May the Wu Emperor live ten thousand years!” Lü Buwei promptly ordered the Imperial Jade Seal and the imperial robe to be brought forth. After donning the imperial robe, Ying Qi proclaimed, “From this day forth, I am the Wu Emperor of Great Qin, ruler of Great Qin. Receiving Heaven’s mandate, may Great Qin prosper forever, strengthen the nation, magnify its might, build up its power, and establish the martial imperial way of Great Qin.” The ministers declared, “We swear to serve Great Qin unto death! We swear loyalty to the Wu Emperor unto death! May the Wu Emperor live ten thousand years! May Great Qin endure for ten thousand years!” At that very moment, the system notification sounded: Ding! Congratulations, Host, for promoting the Mount Tai Fengshan ceremony and completing a hidden mission. Reward: Xuan-rank Sunburst Saber. Ding! Congratulations, Host, on ascending to the position of Emperor. Reward: Earth-rank Sunburst Saber. Ding! Congratulations, Host, on obtaining the title attribute Qin Wu Emperor. As the Son of the Empire, when killing enemies, you may gain one-third of their experience points. Your cultivation speed may increase fourfold. Your efficiency in handling state affairs may increase fivefold. This title also comes with the illusionary shadow of nine dragons, increasing imperial majesty. For a short time, you may unleash a strike five times your own power. It may be used once per year and requires one year of power accumulation before it can be used again. As expected, the system’s rewards are incredibly generous. This title of Qin Wu Emperor is truly somewhat heaven-defying. Ding! Equipping title Qin Wu Emperor immediately. Ying Qi’s whole body emitted dazzling golden light, and behind him appeared the phantom of nine dragons. “Back then, when I joined the army, I was only an ordinary Qin soldier. I kept killing enemies, and now I’ve finally ascended the throne and become emperor. This is absolutely incredible.” The ministers were stunned speechless at the sight of the nine-dragon phantom. “Look, divine dragons protecting the Wu Emperor! He truly is Heaven’s chosen son, with heavenly signs descending! The Wu Emperor has divine dragons guarding him upon succession. Only the Wu Emperor is the true Son of Heaven!” Holding up the Imperial Jade Seal, Ying Qi said, “Today I ascend the throne as Emperor. I issue three royal edicts to bestow grace upon all under Heaven and blessings upon all living beings. First edict: tax reduction. Second edict: strengthen arms and armor. Third edict: strict laws and emphasis on martial virtue. The Wu Emperor is wise!” Suddenly, at that moment, an old general hurried over with an urgent military report. Han Fei was startled. “What? An urgent military dispatch at a time like this?” The old general said, “Your Highness, urgent military report! On the northern frontier, the Xiongnu have massed a great army. Modu Chanyu is personally leading the invasion of our borderlands. The people of Great Qin on the frontier have already been slaughtered by the foreign tribes, with countless dead and wounded.” Ying Qi flew into a rage. “How dare they! A mere Xiongnu tribe dares violate the borders of Great Qin? They truly have a death wish. Immediately prepare grain and weapons, muster the troops—I will personally lead the campaign.” A while later, in the Qin royal hall at Xianyang, Ying Zheng asked Meng Ao, “How many troops have the Xiongnu mobilized this time?” Meng Ao replied, “According to our scouts, the Xiongnu have mobilized their entire tribal strength, no fewer than seven hundred thousand men. Modu Chanyu is a ruthless man who killed his father to seize the throne, destroyed the Donghu, and took control of the grasslands. Believing his soldiers strong and horses powerful, he now dares violate the borders of our Great Qin.” Ying Qi said, “These barbarous northern tribes, offending the heavenly might of Great Qin, should not be allowed to exist. Feng Quji, Meng Yi—have the provisions and weapons been properly prepared?” Feng Quji hurriedly reported, “The granaries of the northern commanderies are fully stocked and can dispatch supplies to the front at any time.” Meng Yi also reported, “The weapons forged by the Shaofu have all been made of iron and steel. All five hundred thousand defenders of the northern frontier have already been fully re-equipped with iron weapons.” Ying Qi immediately ordered the entire northern army to prepare for war. “I will personally go north and campaign in person. Li Qing, Xin Sheng, lead eight thousand Fierce Tiger troops with me as the vanguard. The war to unify the world will begin with the extermination of the Xiongnu.” “Your Majesty, the frontier incursion by the Xiongnu can be handled by the senior generals. There is no need for Your Majesty to risk yourself personally.” “That’s right, Your Majesty. You have only just ascended the throne. If you leave Xianyang, who will handle state affairs and court administration?” “We beg Your Majesty to reconsider! Please reconsider!” Ying Zheng placed a hand on Ying Qi’s shoulder, clearly meaning to persuade him to stay behind so he himself could enjoy some leisure. Ying Qi replied, “I am by nature an emperor of war. It was through war that Great Qin secured the world. And now the Xiongnu have invaded our borders and shaken Great Qin’s territory. This concerns the very foundation of the state, so I must personally campaign. As for court affairs, Royal Father is now the Supreme Emperor and may supervise the state. If the ministers face matters they cannot handle, they may go to the Supreme Emperor’s palace. The Supreme Emperor will decide and deal with them. Tomorrow I will head to the northern frontier. If my lords have no further matters, court is dismissed.” “Your subjects take their leave.” Ying Zheng frowned and grumbled, “Qi’er, I’ve already given you even the imperial throne. Why won’t you let me rest a little?” “Royal Father, your son is going to the battlefield to kill enemies. You stay in Xianyang enjoying yourself—would that really look proper? You are the eternal first sovereign, after all.” The young man gave a capitalist smile. “The eternal first sovereign, Qin Shi Huang. Such a fine worker can’t be wasted.” “Brat, you’re the only clever one.” At that moment, beside the Qin army camp, the great host of the Xiongnu was stationed there. Voices came from inside the tent: “Chanyu, these Qin people are very crafty. There are hardly any Qin civilians around here. Li Mu has already relocated all the Qin people in the surrounding area. It’s impossible to rely on raiding the borderlands for grain now.” The Chanyu also spoke. “This Li Mu has always been the greatest enemy of our Xiongnu wolf tribe. Back when my father was still alive, he suffered greatly at Li Mu’s hands. So what should we do next, Chanyu? Winter is only two months away. If we can’t seize enough food...” Before he could finish, the Chanyu angrily cut in, “That Li Mu may be good at defense, but our tribe excels at cavalry warfare and plunder. In that case, pass down my order: send one hundred thousand cavalry deep into Qin territory to raid. Not only can we seize the Qin people’s grain, we can also seize Qin women. Li Mu will definitely not be able to sit still then. We’ll use that to force him into direct battle with us. In this great northern frontier, in cavalry warfare, who can compare with our Xiongnu wolf tribe? Ha ha!” His subordinates immediately agreed. “The Chanyu is wise! The Central Plains is fertile land—those lowly Qin people are unworthy of occupying it, hahaha!” Suddenly, a Xiongnu soldier rushed in with an urgent report. “Chanyu, Li Mu has led troops out of the city and deployed his army ten li from the great city, no more than ten li from our forces.” The Chanyu blurted out, “What? How is that possible? He actually took the initiative to attack? Doesn’t he know the strength of our forces?” The Xiongnu began to stir in excitement. “So Li Mu is preparing to decide victory and defeat with us in a single battle? Hahaha!” “Li Mu is seeking his own death! In cavalry warfare, our Xiongnu warriors have never lost to anyone!” “Chanyu, this subordinate is willing to be the vanguard, kill Li Mu first, then charge into Xianyang and behead the Qin king Ying Zheng!” The Chanyu laughed and said, “Good! Since Li Mu wants to die, then this Chanyu will naturally fulfill his wish. Pass down my order: the army marches forth into the Central Plains! All Qin people deserve only to be slaves and breeding mounts for our tribe!” His subordinates shouted excitedly, “Kill Li Mu! Destroy the Qin army! Kill Li Mu! Destroy the Qin army!” In the blink of an eye, the two armies faced each other. The commander of the Qin army was none other than Ying Qi. A Xiongnu man said excitedly, “Chanyu, look—that is the royal battle standard of Qin!” The Chanyu let out a sound of surprise. “The royal banner of Qin? Could it be that Ying Zheng himself has come? Hahaha, Qin king Ying Zheng, I have long wanted to see what kind of thing you are.” “I am Modu, lord of the grasslands. Does Qin king Ying Zheng dare meet me or not?” “Of course, if you don’t have the courage, then forget it.” His subordinates burst into laughter. Ying Qi gave a cold snort as he looked at them. “A pretty vicious provocation. This Modu, who killed his father to seize the throne, destroyed the Donghu, and ruled the grasslands, truly is a formidable hero.” “He’s far too arrogant. Fine, I’ll indulge him and go meet him.” Ying Qi urged his horse forward toward the Chanyu. The Chanyu quickly asked, “Who are you? Judging by your age, you don’t look like Ying Zheng.” Ying Qi replied coldly, “I am the ruler of Great Qin, Ying Qi.” Hearing that, the Chanyu burst out laughing mockingly. “Hahaha! So you’re Ying Zheng’s son? A milk-scented brat like you is not worthy of being this Chanyu’s opponent.” Ying Qi calmly informed him, “After today, there will be no more Xiongnu under Heaven.” “Hahaha, that’s hilarious. Brat, you truly don’t know the meaning of life and death.” With that, he immediately brandished his blade, spurred his horse, and charged at Ying Qi. At the same time, he ordered his wolf sons, “Men of the Xiongnu wolf tribe, kill the Qin army! Take the heads of Qin men to accompany your wine!” At the order, the Xiongnu surged forward like moths to a flame, shouting endlessly, “Kill! Kill!” Ying Qi immediately ordered, “Repeating crossbowmen, prepare! Any foreign tribe that steps into the territory of Great Qin—kill them all, leave not one alive!” Li Mu instantly relayed the order, “By decree of the Wu Emperor: leave no foreign tribesman alive. No mercy on the battlefield. Kill!” The soldiers behind him immediately shouted, “Kill! Kill!” Instantly, thousands of arrows appeared in the sky, forming a storm of shafts. The arrows shot straight toward the charging Xiongnu. Cries and screams rang out without end as the soldiers of Great Qin continued unleashing arrows at them. The Chanyu was shocked and bewildered. “How can the Qin army’s arrows fire continuously like this?” His subordinate replied, “I do not know. We have never seen the Qin army use such a weapon before.” He immediately steadied himself. “Order the entire army to charge and kill! We must not let the formation fall into chaos! Follow me and take Ying Qi’s dog head!” Ying Qi raised a hand to signal the Fierce Tiger Army to attack. The Fierce Tiger Army charged forward with overwhelming momentum. Any fool who blocked their path was crushed and torn apart by the fierce tigers. The Chanyu was once again horrified. “Are those actually fierce tigers? How could they possibly tame them? Impossible!” The soldiers of Great Qin continuously unleashed martial power, sweeping through the Xiongnu and utterly overwhelming them. With a single sweep of a spear, countless Xiongnu died. All they could do was cry out in despair. “Such terrifying power!” Ying Qi remained entirely at ease and leisurely introduced the might of Great Qin. “The elite warriors of Great Qin rely on martial cultivation to enhance their strength, and with iron weapons added to that, Great Qin is now truly invincible.” “Modu, though you may be counted as a capable man among the Xiongnu tribes, unfortunately, you met me, Ying Qi. It can only be said that you are unlucky. It is time for you to die. Modu Chanyu of the Xiongnu, you shall become the first foreign ruler I kill.” Having united one side of the world, Ying Qi said no more and personally rode the Blood Tiger straight toward Modu Chanyu. The Blood Tiger’s sheer aura and power alone was enough to scatter the Xiongnu in terror. Wherever the Blood Tiger went, Xiongnu died. Those standing farther away, merely hearing its roar were frightened out of their wits—some died on the spot, others clutched their heads in agony. Ying Qi then swiftly unleashed Fallen Heart Flame, sending countless flames crashing into the Xiongnu. Their bodies burst into flames as they screamed miserably, “Help! Help! Chanyu, save us!” They panicked, scattered, and trampled one another. Ying Qi himself was astonished by the power of this move. “I didn’t expect this system reward, the Spirit Flame, to be this powerful.” Modu Chanyu, terrified out of his wits, shouted desperately, “Retreat! Retreat now! Fall back to the grasslands!” But Ying Qi had no intention of giving him that chance. He instantly rode the Blood Tiger and appeared beside the Chanyu’s group, lightly descending to block their escape. The young man turned his head toward his prey, Modu Chanyu. The Chanyu hurriedly ordered his men to fire arrows and kill Ying Qi. His subordinates immediately drew their bows and fired. Ying Qi at once used martial power to form a protective barrier. The arrows bounced right back the moment they struck it. “Modu, let me show you the power of martial cultivation, so your death won’t be unjust.” As the words fell, the arrows infused with martial power shot back toward the Xiongnu. “Impossible! This is impossible! What exactly are you—man or ghost?” Ying Qi said, “You know nothing of power, and even less of the Great Qin of today. You may as well leave your last words.” In terror, he cried out, “Spare me! I am willing to submit to Great Qin, to submit to Your Majesty! I will never invade the Central Plains again! I am willing to pay tribute to Great Qin and acknowledge Great Qin as my sovereign!” But Ying Qi said, “Too late.” With a single sweep of his spear, he sent him to his end. Modu only had time to utter four words: “I refuse to accept this.” The young man sneered, “What grassland wolf tribe? You’re nothing but a pack of cowards who cling to life and fear death. Living only wastes the earth.” The Xiongnu, now like snakes without a head, panicked and fled. “The Chanyu has gone to heaven! The Chanyu is dead! Brothers, run!” Li Mu quickly ordered the soldiers to pursue and kill them. “Don’t let them escape!” After a full day and night of pursuit, the ground was strewn with the corpses of the exterminated Xiongnu tribesmen. “But this is only the first step.” “Reporting to Your Majesty, the Xiongnu army has been completely annihilated by our forces. Our army has won a great victory and is now cleaning up the battlefield. Before long, we can return to court.” Ying Qi smiled and said, “Return to court? Too early for that.” He called over a messenger hawk and tied a letter to its leg. “Send news of the victory back to Xianyang. General Li Mu, this imperial order may be sent back to Xianyang at any time. I have already issued a decree to Xianyang. General Wang Jian’s army will arrive in a few days. We will build cities in the grasslands to garrison them, but the foreign tribal population will be managed by the commandery troops and commandery administration. I will leave this matter to Wang Jian and have men deployed accordingly.” Li Mu was also astonished. “Build cities in the grasslands?” “Heh, do you think I personally came only to conquer this petty foreign tribe? This is merely the first step in my conquest of the world. Elite warriors of Great Qin, follow me deep into the grasslands and make these barbarian tribes submit beneath the heavenly might of Great Qin!” Li Mu and the generals stared in shock, then shouted excitedly, “Kill! Kill! Kill!” At Ying Qi’s palace, Ying Zheng had also received the news of victory. Smiling, he said he would share some good news with the ministers. “Qi’er has led the army and broken through the grasslands. From this day on, Great Qin will no longer suffer a northern frontier threat. The grassland territory has now been incorporated into Great Qin’s domain. The millions of people of the grasslands have also become slaves of Great Qin.” The ministers immediately cupped their hands in congratulations. “Congratulations to Qin Shi Huang. Congratulations to the Wu Emperor.” Just then, a soldier rushed in with an urgent report. “Reporting to Qin Shi Huang, the tribute convoy from the northern tribes has arrived at Xianyang City. The tribute includes fur pelts, fine horses, and various local specialties.” Ying Zheng beamed. “Good, they came quickly. Put the tribute into the state treasury first.” “Hahaha, those northern tribes troubled Great Qin for many years, and now they have finally been dealt with. Excellent, excellent. They’ve come to pay tribute so quickly.” “May I ask Qin Shi Huang, now that the grasslands are pacified, when will His Majesty lead the army back to court?” Ying Zheng was also startled by the question. “Qi’er’s grand ambition—could it be that my lords do not know? Meng Yi, I grant you full authority to mobilize the blacksmiths of the entire realm. The forging of weapons must proceed at the fastest possible speed to arm the entire army.” “Meng Yi obeys.” “As for Minister Han, immediately arrange civil officials for the grassland front. Establish commanderies and counties there. I leave this important matter, related to occupying and governing new territory, to you.” “Han Fei accepts the आदेश.” “Minister Feng, I grant you authority to mobilize all the grain of Great Qin. The army on campaign must not have any worries about provisions.” “This subject understands. But may I ask Qin Shi Huang, now that the grasslands have been conquered, why continue preparing military equipment and grain? Could it be that His Majesty intends...” “Heh heh, Qi’er wants to campaign westward.” The ministers all jolted in shock. “What? Campaign westward? Your Majesty intends to continue westward and conquer kingdoms never even heard of on the map? Shouldn’t such a western campaign be planned over the long term?” Ying Zheng said, “Enough. I have only one thing to say. Great Qin’s unification and Qi’er’s grand ambition—I will not permit anyone to delay them. Nor will I allow anyone to hold Qi’er back. Great Qin will devote the full strength of the nation to this great enterprise of ruling all under Heaven. No one may obstruct it.” “Your subjects respectfully obey the royal command.” In the blink of an eye, a year had passed. At Xianyang City, another group of foreign tribes had once again come to present tribute. This time, the tribute was not merely some silk, cattle, and horses, but also a great deal of treasure. There were also many beautiful women in the tribute procession, each carrying tribute items on her head. The onlookers stared and drooled, chattering endlessly. “Absolutely stunning.” “But their looks and clothing are pretty strange.” “How many groups of foreign tribes have come to Xianyang to pay tribute over the past few months now?” “Probably around ten waves already.” “Why are all these foreign tribes suddenly coming to offer tribute for no reason?” “Aiya, you really are ignorant.” Could it be that you don’t know that after wiping out the Xiongnu, His Majesty of the present age marched west? Oh, our Great Qin went west? Where exactly is the west? He didn’t know either, but still pretended to understand. Ah, just... the west. Forget it. Even if I told you, you wouldn’t know. At the same time, inside the Great Qin palace, the tribute envoys knelt in worship. This foreign envoy pays respects to the supremely exalted First Emperor. “Your country’s Martial Emperor is wise and mighty, granting protection to our small Western Region states.” “We are willing to submit to the Great Qin Empire and present tribute as well.” Good. I understand your sincerity. Great Qin’s ambition lies under Heaven; your willingness to submit of your own accord is a wise decision. “Now that all nations come to court in Great Qin, it is truly a joyous thing.” Minister Han, is there any new word from Qi on the front lines? Han Fei quickly reported, “Your Majesty, according to the military dispatches, seven days ago His Majesty’s army conquered the many small states of the Western Regions and entered the territory of the Peacock Empire. News should soon arrive by urgent report.” Ha ha, excellent, excellent. Qi truly is a Heaven-chosen son among men. For me, Ying Zheng, to have such a son is truly a blessing granted by Heaven. Returning to Ying Qi’s situation at this moment, he and the officers and soldiers had already arrived at the capital city of the Peacock Kingdom, Huashi City. Holding a map in his hand, Ying Qi said, “On the banks of the Yellow River lies Huashi City. Ahead is the capital of the Peacock Kingdom.” Looking at the city before him, Ying Qi wondered to himself, Why is black mist spreading over this capital? It’s best to figure it out first before attacking. “Pass down my decree: the army will rest in place. Send someone into the city with a letter for their King Shali.” “I heard that in his kingdom there is a divine bird called the peacock. The First Emperor of our Great Qin wants it very much. Tell him that if he voluntarily hands over the peacock, his life can be spared.” “Yes, Your Majesty.” Inside the Peacock Kingdom, King Shali Yuda furiously hurled away the letter Ying Qi had sent. “These heathens actually dare ask for my peacock? I’ll make him my slave.” “I followed your words and had five hundred maiden heads prepared. Didn’t you say you had a way to defeat Ying Qi?” The mysterious man in black smiled and said, “What I promised, I will do. Everything is already prepared.” Shali Yuda burst into laughter. “Very good! I want to gouge out his eyes with my own hands, then make him my dog-slave. Quickly gather the soldiers! Gather the soldiers!” At once, the bugles summoning the troops rang throughout the city. The city gates slowly opened, and Li Qing pointed ahead and cried, “Your Majesty, look! What is that?” Following the direction of Li Qing’s finger, they saw the elephant army of the Peacock Kingdom pouring out in force, led by King Shali Yuda himself. The elephant corps charged at the Qin army with overwhelming momentum. Ying Qi was slightly surprised and exclaimed, “So they can actually command such giant war elephants in battle. They’re even larger than the elephants in the southern Chu lands of the Central Plains.” Raising his blade toward Ying Qi, the king shouted, “Heathens from the east, you truly don’t know whether to live or die! You dare charge into the forbidden land of the Sun King? I will capture you alive and make you my slaves!” Ying Qi replied, “What is he saying? I can’t understand him. But let me tell you this— back in the day, your ancestor King Ashoka could at least be considered a figure of note. If he were still alive, he might have been worthy of fighting me. But you are utterly unqualified. Your temperament is cruel, and you rule over so many slaves. Are they truly loyal to you?” “Haha! They are all slaves of Shali Yuda. Ying Qi, you too will become my slave.” Great Qin—every man is a soldier; it is a nation without slaves. Today I act in Heaven’s name to punish crime. You will submit to the heavenly might of Great Qin. The Peacock king immediately ordered the slaves to charge and kill. Riding his war elephant, he excitedly launched his attack. On Ying Qi’s side, he swiftly ordered the fierce warriors of Great Qin and their tiger mounts to charge as well. In an instant, a Qin soldier was smashed off his tiger’s back by the power of a war elephant. Above them, the Peacock Kingdom’s archers continuously rained arrows down, shouting for their men to kill all these heathens. Ying Qi immediately called for the heavy repeating crossbows. “By your command, Your Majesty!” Li Qing signaled the soldiers to prepare to fire, and a massive bolt instantly shot forth, tearing through the air and driving straight into a war elephant. Ying Qi ordered them to continue the attack, and immediately afterward countless giant bolts flew directly toward the elephant herd ahead. Very quickly, many war elephants collapsed, and the slaves screamed in panic, “Run! Run!” The old Qin general immediately led the troops forward to kill them all, while the enormous bolts continued to rain into the elephant herd. At this moment, even King Shali Yuda’s own war elephant was struck down, sending him tumbling from its back to the ground. In terror, he shouted, “Impossible! Impossible! Retreat into the city! Retreat into the city!” Ying Qi at once led his army in a direct charge toward Huashi City, ordering the soldiers to take Shali Yu- da’s head. Li Qing and the soldiers continuously swung their swords, cutting down enemies. But just as they reached the city gate, black mist suddenly billowed out, causing the Qin army to halt, not daring to advance any farther. Ying Qi’s expression changed. “This black mist… all generals, be careful!” The black mist spread thicker and thicker, and from within it came ghastly sounds that were utterly terrifying. Then a gigantic dark dragon appeared, spewing fire as it attacked the soldiers of Great Qin. The one controlling it was that mysterious man in black. Ying Qi was startled out of his wits. “This is a dark dragon?” Standing on the dragon’s back, the man in black roared, “Dragon flames—turn this place into hell!” Ying Qi’s heart was in turmoil. How could this be? How could this world have a dark dragon? Who exactly is the person on its back? “The whole army, assume defensive formation!” High in the sky, the dark dragon kept opening its maw and blasting dragon flames at Ying Qi’s men. The Qin officers and soldiers were so frightened they nearly froze to death. Ying Qi hurriedly used the Imperial Jade Seal to create a protective barrier for the army. Even the power of the Nation-Suppressing Dragon Seal could not protect this million-strong army completely. It seems I have to think of another way. The officers and soldiers asked one another, “Is that the Imperial Jade Seal?” “What is that monster in the sky?” “A dragon?” “His Majesty is using the Nation-Suppressing Jade Seal to protect us!” At this moment, Ying Qi chose to charge up personally and fight the mysterious man and the dark dragon himself. In an instant, he had closed in on the man in black. The man sighed, “In such a short time, your strength has risen this much.” Landing on the dragon’s back, Ying Qi demanded to know who he was. “My identity is not something you are yet qualified to know.” “Hmph, still putting on an act of mystery? If that’s how it is, then die!” Ying Qi immediately infused martial power into his sword and thrust it through the man in black’s face, but it turned out to be only an illusion. Ying Qi frowned, his face darkening. “No physical body?” The man laughed and said, “Ying Qi, you have angered God. You must accept God’s punishment. Ying Qi, even you cannot escape the will of God.” With that, his phantom vanished. Now only Ying Qi remained facing the dark dragon. Ying Qi sneered, “The will of God? So what? If I meet a god, I kill the god.” He instantly drove his sword straight down into the dark dragon’s back. “I will subdue this beast!” Struck by the sword, the dark dragon roared furiously, and its mouth frantically spewed dragon flames at the Qin army below. Without the barrier to protect them, many officers and soldiers were burned into ashes. Furious, Ying Qi shouted, “Today I will tame you and make you my mount!” Immediately, a warning notification appeared: Host has not completed tribulation transcendence and cannot subdue the dark dragon. Ying Qi froze and blurted out, “What? I can’t tame it? I still have to complete tribulation transcendence?” Realizing he could not subdue it, Ying Qi quickly jumped from its back and landed on the ground. If I can’t tame it, then I’ll shoot it down and raise it first. The young emperor immediately drew out his divine arrows and fired. Three arrows instantly shot toward the dragon, piercing its wings and neck. Delighted, Ying Qi ordered the soldiers to use the giant crossbows to shoot the beast down. “Understood! Prepare the heavy crossbows!” Li Qing suddenly shouted, “Your Majesty, look! It seems this beast wants to flee!” Though gravely wounded, the dark dragon still managed to escape before Ying Qi’s eyes. “Hmph, that beast runs fast. If I meet it again, I will definitely subdue it. The dark dragon has withdrawn. Fierce warriors of Great Qin, follow me and kill your way into the city! Capture Shali Yuda alive!” Charge! Charge! The battering rams were quickly brought up. In no time, the Qin army smashed through the city gates and charged inside. Li Qing led the main force forward, shouting, “Kill! Kill!” “Run! Run!” The Peacock Kingdom soldiers cried out as they fled. “The eastern Qin army has broken in! Run!” Ying Qi instructed the fierce warriors of Great Qin, “Do not kill those who surrender. Those who do not surrender—kill them all, leave no one alive.” The soldiers immediately roared in response and surged forward with tremendous momentum. A while later, Li Qing and Tu Sui captured King Shali Yuda alive and escorted him before Ying Qi. “Shali Yuda, I told you before: only your ancestor, King Ashoka, was worthy of fighting me. You are not.” Shali Yuda’s face turned deathly pale in terror. “You... you are not human. You are a god, a demon! The King of Light will punish you! He will punish you!” Ying Qi did not bother wasting words on him and sent him back to the earth with a single sword strike. “Hmph. Nothing but nonsense.” The Peacock Kingdom had been destroyed. Ding! Congratulations, Host, on destroying the Peacock Kingdom. Reward: one Profound-rank Yang Treasure. Reward: 1,000 low-grade spirit stones. Congratulations, Host, on advancing to Level 3. Congratulations, Host, on breaking through to the first layer of Grandmaster Realm. Immediately, a stream of power descended from the heavens. Ying Qi raised his hand to receive it, and the immense force continuously poured into his body. “Haha, this wave of experience is more than enough. I’ve broken through to the Grandmaster Realm again—the first layer of Grandmaster Realm. From now on, true qi becomes true essence. I now possess the power of flight, and my lifespan has also increased to two thousand years. Fierce warriors of Great Qin, the whole army advance and wipe out all remaining enemies!” “Yes, Your Majesty! By His Majesty’s decree, exterminate all remaining enemies! Kill! Kill!” Ying Qi thought to himself, Today a mysterious figure and a dark dragon appeared. The western world is not so simple after all. The matter of tribulation transcendence that the system mentioned also requires long-term consideration. The army has followed me on campaign for quite some time now. It is probably time to return to court. At the same time, a Great Qin soldier hurriedly rode back to Xianyang with news. “Urgent report from the western front! Your Majesty the First Emperor, a great victory! The western Peacock Kingdom has been destroyed by our Great Qin!” “His Majesty’s sacred might towers supreme—Great Qin supreme! The day Great Qin unifies all under Heaven is not far off! His Majesty truly is the Heaven-ordained Son bestowed upon Great Qin. For Great Qin to have His Majesty, our Yanhuang, is Great Qin’s blessing, the blessing of the Yanhuang clan! Our Yanhuang shall stand proudly above all races under Heaven!” Ying Zheng said joyfully, “Good! Qi has leveled the western lands and expanded the territory of our Great Qin. Ancestors of Great Qin, do you see this? In all these hundreds and thousands of years, only my Qi has accomplished this. Only our Great Qin can unify all under Heaven. The Peacock Kingdom has been destroyed—has Qi returned yet, I wonder?” The soldier quickly reported, “Your Majesty the First Emperor, the Peacock Kingdom is extremely far from Great Qin. The distance is so great that even flying-eagle messages require a month. During that time, the dispatch passes through many places and never once mentioned the date of triumphant return.” Lü Buwei then said, “Your Majesty, judging by the timing, it has already been more than a month since the Peacock Kingdom was pacified. It was a powerful western state with a large population. This old minister believes that His Majesty will certainly only return in triumph after making all arrangements there.” “Foster Father speaks reasonably. Qi has gone west on campaign for several years. I truly wish for him to return quickly.” As for Ying Qi, he was now holding a victory banquet with his officers and soldiers. “The brave warriors of Great Qin have fought for months on end. You have all worked hard. You have fought for Great Qin, and now Huashi City has been taken. The city’s affairs have already been arranged. Tonight, I lift the ban on drinking and reward the three armies with wine. None shall return until drunk!” The officers and soldiers shouted excitedly, “We swear to die in loyalty to Your Majesty! We swear to die in loyalty to Great Qin!” Any soldiers who fight for the state and render merit shall receive great rewards, noble rank promotions, and grace extending to their descendants. After this triumphant return, I will establish a Qin mausoleum at Mount Li and erect a monument in the annals of history. Great Qin shall be passed down for ten thousand generations, eternal and undying for ages upon ages. Tonight I reward the three armies with fine wine, delicacies, and foreign women with golden hair and blue eyes.” The women were immediately ordered to bring in wine and attend to the soldiers. The troops stared with drool practically running down their chins, overjoyed. “Long live Your Majesty! Long live Great Qin!” “Your Majesty, in this war to unify all under Heaven, the officers and soldiers fought bravely and slew the enemy. There are also quite a few outstanding soldiers and commanders in the army.” Ying Qi reacted with some surprise. “Oh? So Great Qin has so many fierce generals? Where are they? Let me have a look.” While Ying Qi was talking, a Qin soldier behind him seized the chance to grope the butt of a foreign woman. A moment later, several capable officers and soldiers were brought in. “This subject greets Your Majesty.” “Rise, all of you.” Each of them had slain no fewer than a thousand foreign enemies and soldiers of hostile states. All were young talents of the empire. Ying Qi then pointed at one of them and asked his name. The man introduced himself as Han Xin. Ying Qi was momentarily taken aback. “What the hell? Your name is Han Xin?” “Reporting to Your Majesty, this general is indeed Han Xin.” Ying Qi thought to himself, Han Xin, a peerless commander of a generation, who in history displayed his grand talents at the end of Qin—now he has been taken under my command. “Good, good. You are all the bravest officers and soldiers of Great Qin.” “Each of you will be raised four ranks in nobility and promoted four official grades.” Han Xin and the others immediately bowed in thanks. “Many thanks for Your Majesty’s great favor! Promoted four ranks? Wouldn’t that make us generals of fifty thousand, able to command fifty thousand troops?” Ying Qi then told Han Xin to stand. “I have something to ask you.” “Please ask, Your Majesty.” “Han Xin, how many troops do you think you can command?” Asked so directly, he was momentarily stunned. “Uh, well...” “Just speak honestly. Do not fear me. I pardon you of any offense.” Han Xin replied confidently, “However many troops Your Majesty gives this subject, this subject can lead them to victory for Your Majesty.” The old general standing beside them immediately barked, “How arrogant!” Ying Qi burst out laughing. “Ha ha, as expected of Han Xin—the more troops, the better.” “Han Xin, then how many troops do you think I can command?” Han Xin quickly knelt and said, “Your Majesty’s martial dao is transcendent; you alone are enough to withstand a million mighty soldiers. You are absolutely not someone ordinary men like us can compare to.” “Haha, very good. Generals, go drink.” Suddenly, at this moment, a soldier rushed in with an urgent report. “Reporting to Your Majesty, urgent news from the western watchpost! Several tens of thousands of cavalry have crossed the Indus River and are heading toward our Huashi City!” The old general was startled as well. “What? Hmph, how annoying. Where is the former minister of Huashi City?” “Reporting to the Emperor, His Majesty of Great Qin, the former minister of Huashi City is here.” “Good. Tell me—where do these Persian cavalry come from?” “Reporting to Your Majesty, they are cavalry from the Salugu Empire. More than ten years ago, the former ruler of Salugu and Nguyen Yi, the Protector King of the Peacock Kingdom, once signed a peace treaty. But after the new king, Anke III, ascended the throne and changed his title to Emperor An, he has continuously pressed into our Indus River basin. Meanwhile, the former King Shali of the Peacock Kingdom practiced tyrannical rule and was powerless to stop the incursions of the Persian cavalry, and could only let them slaughter at will.” Ying Qi laughed mockingly. “Heh, looks like this Salugu Empire thinks it has lived too long. Han Xin!” “Your subject is here!” “Now I will give you a chance to prove yourself. I appoint you vanguard general to break the barbarians. Lead fifty thousand troops and repel these invaders.” “This subject respectfully obeys the decree and will surely wipe out all invading enemies.” “Good, very good.” The commander leading the Salugu army raised his blade and shouted, “Kill! Chop off the heads of these easterners! Kill! Kill!” Han Xin immediately ordered the bow and crossbow troops to prepare as well. The archers and crossbowmen swiftly entered formation, and thousands of arrows shot forth at high speed to attack the Salugu men. The enemy leader shouted, “Kill! Kill! The arrows of these easterners cannot pierce our shields!” The Salugu soldiers were extremely fierce, easily cutting down many Great Qin troops. “General Han, the enemy armor is very solid. Our arrows cannot injure them!” “This general sees it. Pass down the order—shoot at the horses’ legs, where there is no armor.” “Understood!” Receiving the order, the archers shifted their aim to the unarmored horse legs. “Fire!” As the arrows flew in, a Salugu soldier raised his shield to block them. At the same time, he controlled his horse to dodge the incoming arrows and then used his war spear to cut down Qin soldiers one after another. Han Xin frowned in concern. The horses’ legs are very hard to hit—what should we do? Just then, a reinforcement force appeared. Han Xin turned to look. “These are Great Qin reinforcements!” The one leading this army was Ying Qi himself. Great Qin’s long-spear troops had arrived as well. It seems Han Xin is still rather green for now. Let these Persians see the hooked spear that I have newly invented. The troops wielding hooked spears immediately charged forward to confront the Salugu forces. Li Qing promptly made use of the hooked blade fixed to the war spear to slash through the horses’ legs, Several Salugu soldiers were also knocked flat to the ground because of it. "You crafty Easterners, what kind of weapon is this? Quickly send the signal—have the siege towers attack!" The signal was transmitted at once. The moment the attack order was received, Anke III immediately ordered his generals and soldiers to slaughter the inferior race. From atop Salugu's siege towers, the officers and soldiers continuously fired arrows and hurled stones at the Qin army. At this moment, the Qin army had fallen into a passive position. Many soldiers were struck by arrows or killed by thrown rocks. Even so, they did not retreat in the slightest and still charged forward with burning battle intent. Very quickly, the Qin army closed in on their siege towers. The battle became exceptionally fierce. Anke III continued ordering his troops to advance and kill them all. The herd of oxen was still straining to drag the siege towers closer to the Qin army. Han Xin was horrified at the sight—he had never seen a war vehicle like this before. It was truly terrifying. Ying Qi merely smiled and said, "It's time to let these Persians have a taste of firearms. Rocket unit, prepare, take aim, and fire on my command. Blow those Persian war wagons to pieces for me. Fire!" Countless arrows fitted with explosives shot straight toward Salugu's war chariots. Explosions rang out one after another, bringing down many enemies. The Salugu troops cried out in panic, "This is sorcery!" "The Easterners know witchcraft! What kind of sorcery can command heavenly fire?" The moment Anke III finished speaking, he was caught squarely in an explosion caused by the arrows. He screamed, "Impossible! Impossible!" Ying Qi sneered inwardly, You Persians who don't know whether to live or die—Genghis Khan would use firearms to conquer the Western nations more than a thousand years from now. I won't wait that long. Right now, I'll make you bow your heads and submit. Han Xin was inwardly shaken to the core. What divine might was this rocket weapon, exactly? His Majesty truly was a godlike man; an ordinary mortal like me naturally could not compare. Ying Qi hurriedly called out to Han Xin, "I’ll give you another chance—capture Anke III for me." "Yes, this minister will definitely not fail your command." Han Xin immediately led a troop forward, slaughtering the foreign tribesmen to repay His Majesty's grace. The Qin army's morale now surged higher and higher; the more they fought, the fiercer they became. Meanwhile, the Salugu army was thrown into complete chaos, like snakes without a head. One Salugu soldier after another fell beneath the hooves of the Qin cavalry. Before long, Han Xin had captured Anke III alive and dragged him before Ying Qi. Ying Qi said coldly, "You refused the road to life and insisted on seeking death." Anke III hurriedly pleaded, "Eastern Emperor, don't kill me. I am willing to submit." "Oh? Submit? Too late, sweetheart. Just in time—when I return to court, I still need a gift for Father Emperor. I suppose your head will do." As soon as he finished speaking, the young man sent the man's head flying from his neck. The remaining Salugu survivors could only kneel and surrender. In the blink of an eye, another half year had passed. Ying Qi and his party had now returned to Xianyang. A soldier rushed in to report, "He's here! His Majesty has returned!" Ying Zheng was overjoyed. "Qi'er has returned! His Majesty has returned in triumph!" "These past years, His Majesty campaigned across the western frontier and established countless military achievements. To welcome His Majesty's return is the honor of a lifetime!" "That's right, that's right! To witness His Majesty's triumphant bearing with our own eyes is our great honor!" "How can we say we have no clothes? We share the same robe. How can we say we have no clothes? We share the same tunic. How can we say we have no clothes?" Ying Zheng shouted, "Welcome the heroes of Great Qin on their triumphant return!" "Welcome the heroes of our Great Qin on their triumphant return! Welcome the heroes of our Great Qin on their triumphant return!" Ying Qi stepped down from the carriage and walked toward Ying Zheng. Kneeling down, he said, "Father Emperor, your son has returned." "You brat, it's enough that you're back. Your mother and I have both missed you very much." Ying Qi then called out to the generals, "Hear my order— the army kneels and buries the remains of the heroic souls." "We receive the decree." A little later, Ying Qi arrived at Epang Palace. "Father Emperor, I also missed you and Mother Empress very much. Let's go see them." "Haha, you brat. Right now, your Mother Empress and your empress are waiting for you in the palace." Yan'er and Yu Fang looked excitedly toward the palace gates. "Mother, it must be Brother Qi returning." Empress Dowager Yu Fang smiled and gave a soft sound of assent. Yan'er happily ran out to welcome her husband. "Brother Qi, Brother Qi, I've missed you so much." "Didn't I come back, silly girl? You're already the empress—why are you still such a crybaby?" Ying Zheng quickly called, "Qi'er, Xi'er, hurry and pay your respects to Father Emperor. Go on, children." Ying Qi's two children had now grown up as well. The girl was named Ying Yuqi, and the boy was named Ying Xi. "We pay our respects to Father Emperor." "Good, very good. Quickly rise. Both the little princess and the little prince of our family have grown up." "Father Emperor, Mother Empress, for these years when I was not by your side, you have worked hard raising Qi'er and Xi'er." Yu Fang smiled gently and said, "Qi'er, compared with you fighting wars out there, what hardship have we suffered?" Ying Zheng also agreed. "That's right, that's right. Qi'er, with a single campaign you subdued all the western states. Our Great Qin has founded an unparalleled achievement." "Father Emperor, this western expedition of mine destroyed the Peacock Kingdom, and even the ancient Traili Empire has pledged submission to our Great Qin. But in the West there is still Rome and other states. The road to unifying the world is still very long." "You are right. The four corners of the world are vast beyond measure. The road to unification cannot be rushed." "Your son understands. In addition, during this western expedition I encountered strange beasts that should not have appeared there. So after returning to court this time, besides handling state affairs, I am also preparing to complete one important matter." "Qi'er, just go ahead and do it." "Now that you've returned in triumph, Father is about to have much less to do." "Father Emperor, you don't seem to have many matters delayed anyway, do you? Judging by your martial cultivation, you've already reached the Xiantian Realm now." "Haha, this is the result of your father emperor's diligence." Yu Fang, standing beside him, could only smile wryly. Hearing his old man boast, Ying Qi was speechless. His father really was not modest in the slightest. "My lords, this western expedition of mine took many years. Now that I've returned, it's time to inspect how all of you have performed in government affairs. "We respectfully await Your Majesty's sacred words." "Xu Fu, where are you?" "How goes the pill refining?" "Reporting to Your Majesty, the Alchemy Hall now has more than two thousand alchemists, most of them low-grade alchemists. There are five hundred first-rank mid-grade alchemists, three hundred first-rank high-grade alchemists, and as for second-rank alchemists, there are forty-six." "Good, very good. Xu Fu, you truly have not disappointed me. How goes the weapon forging in the Imperial Workshops?" "Reporting to Your Majesty, the Imperial Workshops have been forging weapons with full effort. Now the entire Great Qin army is equipped with iron weapons. Even the commandery and county troops have all been modernized." "Mm, not bad. In a moment, I will issue the design plans for manufacturing rockets. Arrange for men to forge this new weapon." "Yes." Old Zheng Guo then also spoke up. "Ever since sweet potatoes and potatoes came into widespread use, Great Qin has had bumper harvests every year. There is no longer any famine, and the granaries in every prefecture are full." "Haha, good, excellent. All of you have worked hard. Does anyone else have anything to report?" Lü Buwei quickly said, "Reporting to Your Majesty, this minister has something to present. By relying on Your Majesty's divine might, Great Qin has conquered the western states, but the western territory is vast. Its population is several times larger than that of our Great Qin Huaxia people. We still need a comprehensive policy for handling the foreign population. As for those foreign tribes like the Xiongnu, should we directly reduce them to slaves, or...?" "As for this matter, I have already made my decision. The foreign population is enormous, even exceeding that of Great Qin's Huaxia people. If all are reduced to slavery, chaos will surely result. I have already arranged for Feng Jian and Han Fei to go to the western territories to govern affairs, and at the same time issue an edict dividing the imperial subjects into two classes. Our Huaxia people will be first-class subjects, enjoying all the rights of Great Qin. They may enlist in the army, engage in commerce, and enter government service. They may have the opportunity to hold any office in Great Qin, be promoted in rank, ennobled, or granted land. All such rights belong to subjects who have rendered merit to Great Qin. As for the foreign races of the western territories, they will be second-class subjects of our Great Qin. They will not enjoy the full rights of Qin subjects. They may enlist in the army, but the highest rank of merit they can receive is the tenth rank. All foreign troops will be under the management of Huaxia generals. They may engage in commerce, but they may not touch iron or bronze goods. Any military or commercial enterprise that violates this, once discovered, will have its property confiscated and be heavily punished. They may enter official service, but the highest office they may hold is county magistrate. Moreover, foreign officials may serve only in the western territories and may not enter the Central Plains." "Your Majesty is wise. Implementing such a policy will allow the foreign races to settle as subjects. Your Majesty's grand vision leaves this minister in admiration." "My lords, if there is nothing else, court is dismissed. In a little while, I still need to inspect the martial training of the Five Great Camps." "We take our leave." Ying Qi stroked his chin in satisfaction. Government affairs had already been arranged properly. Now it was time to start preparing for that important matter. Ying Qi then opened the system to take a look. "This western expedition brought back so many treasures. Let's see how many good things I can open." Ding. "Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the high-grade Profound-rank martial skill Heaven-Shaking Roar." Ding. "Congratulations, Host, you have obtained five hundred low-grade spirit stones." "Ding. Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the high-grade Profound-rank cultivation method Divine Sword Talisman." Ding. "Congratulations, Host, you have obtained heavy armor blueprints." Ding. "Congratulations, Host, you have obtained five hundred low-grade spirit stones." "Ding. Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the Spirit Gathering Array Plate." "Damn, my luck really isn't bad. So many spirit stones, and even a Spirit Gathering Array." Ying Qi quickly called for Li Qing. "Li Qing." "Li Qing, transmit my decree. Tell Wei Miao to make the necessary arrangements. I am going to the imperial mausoleum of Great Qin. In addition, summon the soldiers of the Five Great Camps to gather at the foot of Mount Li." "Yes, understood." "Good. With this Spirit Gathering Array Plate, plus the heroic souls of our Great Qin in the Qin Mausoleum, I can finally activate the formation." Very soon, the soldiers of the Five Great Camps had all assembled at the foot of Mount Li. "This minister welcomes Your Majesty. This minister and my honored master Guiguzi have not failed Your Majesty's command. The Qin Mausoleum has been completed." "Chancellor, Mister Guigu, you two have worked hard." "Your Majesty is too kind. Being able to repair the tomb for the heroic souls of our Great Qin is this old minister's good fortune. Now that the Qin Mausoleum is complete, today I shall borrow the power of Great Qin's heroic souls and the fortune of our Great Qin to establish an immortal national leyline." The gathered officials and generals below were stunned and confused. "Condense fortune? Does Your Majesty mean to use the power of the Qin Mausoleum to activate the Spirit Gathering formation here?" "Mister Guigu truly understands the workings of heaven and earth. That's right. I intend to activate this formation here to condense fortune and protect Great Qin's dragon vein, national destiny, and state." "Your Majesty truly is a heavenly being, to understand such divine power." Ying Qi shouted loudly, "Heroic souls, return! Today I, Ying Qi, Emperor of Great Qin, condense fortune and establish the nation's leyline. Let Heaven bear witness and grant approval!" The power of the Imperial Jade Seal continuously radiated outward and shone straight down. "His Majesty truly is a heavenly being, actually able to communicate with the will of Heavenly Dao." Ying Qi spread his arms and roared, "Open the formation!" Instantly, a formation appeared beneath Ying Qi's feet, and the phantom of a divine dragon emerged. Old Guigu was so shocked his mouth fell open. "This is the Fortune Divine Dragon! His Majesty truly is a heavenly being!" The soldiers could not take their eyes off the dragon. "A divine dragon! A divine dragon! Could this be the sacred beast protecting our Great Qin? His Majesty's heavenly power has brought Great Qin's national fortune to prosperity!" The divine dragon's phantom circled around the formation. Ying Qi burst into delighted laughter. "Hahaha, it succeeded!" Ding. "Congratulations, Host, for successfully establishing a dynasty. Reward: Yang of the Profound rank." Ding. "Congratulations, Host, for successfully activating the formation. Reward: Yang of the Earth rank." Ding. "Congratulations, Host, for obtaining 1.2 million experience points and successfully advancing to level 35." "Oh ho, holy shit, opening a formation just for fun actually gave me this much experience. I jumped two levels in one go. So this is what they mean by reaping rewards without lifting a finger." Suddenly, a bizarre purple vortex appeared in the sky. Around the vortex, bolts of heavenly lightning continuously crackled and burst forth. "Could this be the great tribulation of heaven and earth? The great tribulation of heaven and earth—I've finally waited for it." At that moment, the system notification sounded as well. Ding. "Congratulations, Host. Your level advancement has met the requirements. Tribulation crossing is about to begin. The world's ascension great tribulation is opening." "Generals and soldiers, for all these years, I have strengthened the nation, condensed fortune, and spread martial cultivation for the sake of this great tribulation of heaven and earth. So long as we succeed in crossing the tribulation, the spiritual energy of our Great Qin Empire can rise, and the cultivation of all soldiers and generals will also advance another step. But as for this great tribulation of heaven and earth, even I do not know what kind of calamity it will bring down. If we fail, the consequences will be unimaginable. Are you willing to cross this tribulation with me?" "We are willing! We swear to die for Your Majesty, to die for the imperial dynasty!" "Haha, good, very good." At this moment, Meng Yi also spoke up, saying, "The troops of the Five Great Camps have fully assembled and can set out at any time." "Transmit my decree: all soldiers of the Five Great Camps who have reached the third level of the Houtian Realm are to prepare their equipment and depart with me to the place of tribulation crossing." "We receive the decree. Assemble the army and prepare to cross the tribulation." The gate to tribulation crossing slowly opened. Ying Qi immediately took the lead and stepped into the tribulation with his soldiers. Very soon, they arrived at the northern frontier, the place of tribulation. Li Qing said excitedly, "The army has fully assembled. We can engage the enemy now." "Soldiers, today's battle concerns the future of all under heaven for our Great Qin. Victory means prosperity; defeat means death. You all came out of mountains of corpses and seas of blood. In today's battle, I will fight side by side with you." As the Heavenly Eye tribulation opened, thunder and lightning rose with the calamity. Heavenly thunder struck down without cease. Ying Qi exclaimed, "The Eye of the Great Dao has appeared. Elite soldiers of Great Qin, prepare for battle!" Within the purple mist was an undead army. Even Ying Qi was alarmed by this aura. "All soldiers, be vigilant!" The undead army slowly charged forward. Pointing his sword at the enemy, Ying Qi roared, "It's an undead army! Elite soldiers of Great Qin, follow me and take their heads. Charge!" Although it was the first time the soldiers of Great Qin had faced an undead army, they felt no fear at all. Their fighting spirit surged as they rushed forward to slaughter the enemy. "Kill! Kill!" The instant the enemy entered range, Ying Qi immediately ordered the troops to launch stones. At once, countless massive stones flew toward the undead, directly crushing many of them. Not stopping there, Ying Qi continued by ordering a volley of arrows. After sending the undead infantry forward first, the undead cavalry now appeared as well. The battle between Great Qin's soldiers and the undead remained exceptionally brutal. This undead cavalry possessed tremendous combat strength, completely overwhelming Great Qin's soldiers. Ying Qi was once again shocked. "Holy hell, skeleton cavalry? Looks like the difficulty of this world tribulation just keeps rising. Who knows what terrifying monsters will appear after this." "Elite soldiers of Great Qin, unleash martial cultivation! Use true qi to annihilate these undead! By the power of martial dao—kill! Kill!" Great Qin's soldiers fully unleashed the power of martial cultivation and charged like fierce tigers, cutting down the undead cavalry as easily as chopping vegetables. "Elite soldiers of Great Qin, smash these broken bones to pieces for me!" This time, what rushed out from the Eye of the Great Dao was a flying undead force. The flying skeletal beasts continuously spewed flames as they attacked. Ying Qi immediately took out his divine bow to meet them in battle. "Divine Arrow Art! Watch for aerial assaults! Use rockets to attack!" An arrow shot out swiftly and blasted apart one wing of a skeletal beast. It immediately crashed to the ground. On this side, the soldiers kept using rockets to attack the tribulation world's forces. "If that's all you've got, then throw everything at me." The man in black riding the black dragon spoke up. "Ying Qi, we meet again. In this undead domain, you cannot defeat me. This time, I will represent death itself and burn you to ashes." "Damn it, it's you again?" The man in black immediately ordered the black dragon to breathe fire at Great Qin's soldiers. "You bastard, you want to use this great tribulation to kill me? Dream on, sweetheart. This time, you won't escape." Ying Qi immediately ordered Great Qin's elite soldiers to charge forward. "Destroy those bone dragons. As for the one leading them, I'll deal with him personally." As soon as he finished speaking, the young man immediately used the power of martial dao to fly up and rush toward the man in black. Upon receiving the order, Great Qin's soldiers continuously unleashed rockets to attack the bone dragons. On this side, Ying Qi moved while dodging the black dragon's attacks. "Whoever you are, this black dragon belongs to me today. And as for you—go die." Every sword strike Ying Qi delivered was blocked by the dark spheres of the man in black. "Ying Qi, do you think you can challenge the will of a god? How naive." "Before a god, you're nothing more than an ant." "An ant? So what? I still want to kill gods and defy heaven." "A mere mortal like you dares go against the will of a god? Then now I shall offer you as a sacrifice to death." As his words fell, a strange energy continuously shot out from the sphere and blasted straight toward Ying Qi. Ying Qi immediately used the Imperial Jade Seal to summon the phantom of the divine dragon. With the Fortune Divine Dragon, Ying Qi easily blocked his ultimate move. "No matter what god or buddha you are, today no one can stop me. If a god blocks me, I'll kill the god. If a buddha blocks me, I'll kill the buddha." Seeing the divine dragon, the man in black cried out in shock, "How is this possible? A divine dragon? Impossible. How could a mere mortal like you summon a divine dragon?" The dark sphere in his hand had already been shattered by the power of the Fortune Divine Dragon. Ying Qi immediately gripped his sword and slashed at him, severely wounding him. badly wounded. The black dragon immediately went berserk and roared. A mere beast still thinks it can go mad? Ying Qi promptly drove a sword into its back. Ying Qi, your soul will fall into the abyss of death, never to reincarnate for all eternity. We will meet again very soon. Damn it, he got away again. Suddenly, dark skulls lunged at Ying Qi. Ying Qi immediately used the power of Martial Dao Golden Light to shatter those dark skulls. As for the black dragon, it was still in a frenzy, continuously spewing flames down at the Qin army below. This damned beast—soldiers, scatter at once! Beast, I refuse to believe I cannot subdue you today. He continued channeling Martial Dao power into the sword buried deep in the black dragon's body. Starting from the stab wound, cracks began to spread. The black dragon's entire body was now under assault from the golden light. It roared furiously and helplessly. At that moment, the system's notification rang out. Ding. Congratulations, Host, on successfully subduing the Dark Giant Dragon. Ying Qi laughed in delight. Hahaha, I finally did it. The generals and soldiers shouted excitedly, Your Majesty is mighty! Your Majesty is the best of the best! Absolutely top-tier, Your Majesty! At last, the tribulation crossing had come to an end. A spatial gate opened. Hahaha, the black mist has dispersed—the world's great tribulation is over. The valiant warriors of Great Qin are truly majestic. The Eye of Heavenly Dao has disappeared as well. The tribulation crossing is complete. Ding, it has been detected that the Great Qin world is nurturing a Heavenly Dao. Host has the following two choices. Choice one: shatter the consciousness of Heavenly Dao. The Host's consciousness will merge with Heavenly Dao and become Heavenly Dao itself, but the Host must abandon the physical body and transform into law. The higher the world's level, the stronger the Host will become, with a chance to transcend the myriad worlds. Choice two: imprint the Host's soul into the newly born consciousness of Heavenly Dao and establish a bridge of communication with it. Gain the goodwill of Heavenly Dao and be acknowledged by Heavenly Dao. Heavenly Dao will regard the Host as its father, allowing the Host to control the Heav— enly Dao. Damn, it's actually nurturing a Heavenly Dao? This tribulation crossing really brought a lot of surprises. Becoming Heavenly Dao wouldn't be bad, but giving up my body isn't what I want. Then I'll choose the second option. Ding, separate a soul imprint for the Host and strike it into the newborn consciousness of Heavenly Dao. In an instant, a stream of golden power descended from the sky and struck directly into Ying Qi's body. The soul imprint is merging into the consciousness of Heavenly Dao. Damn, this feels insanely good. Sponsored by the robot or what? Heavenly Dao has been successfully nurtured. The spiritual energy of the Great Qin world is about to recover. The world's transformation is about to arrive. Ying Qi immediately ordered the valiant warriors of Great Qin, The tribulation crossing is complete. Clean up the battlefield at once and return with me to Xianyang. I will hold a celebration banquet for all of you. The soldiers shouted excitedly, Long live Your Majesty! Long live Your Majesty! In a flash, Ying Qi and the soldiers of the Five Great Camps had already returned to Xianyang. When the people in the city saw the black dragon, they erupted in commotion. What is that? It's His Majesty! His Majesty has returned in triumph! Quickly report to the First Emperor! Sitting atop the black dragon, Ying Qi told the soldiers of the Five Great Camps to return to camp first. I will go see Imperial Father first. You will all be rewarded and ennobled for your merits. We thank Your Majesty. After saying that, Ying Qi ordered the black dragon onward and left. The people below stared upward without blinking. A little boy hurriedly pointed and said, Grandpa, look! Someone's flying in the sky! The old man immediately replied, That is the Emperor of our Great Qin—look quickly! His Majesty is riding on a dragon's back! In the blink of an eye, Ying Qi had flown to Ying Zheng's side. When Ying Zheng saw him, he could only exclaim in amazement. Qi'er truly is a divine man. To think you were actually able to subdue such a divine beast. Your Majesty truly reaches the heavens, to be able to command a divine dragon. Your Majesty's divine might is indeed Great Qin's blessing. Ying Qi jumped down from the black dragon's back and landed beside Ying Zheng. Aiya, a pet this big really isn't suitable for keeping in the palace. I need to find a place to arrange for it. Imperial Father, your son has returned. The assembled officials quickly cupped their hands and saluted. We pay our respects to Your Majesty. Qi'er, has the tribulation crossing been completed? Hehe, sorry to have worried Imperial Father. Although this tribulation crossing had a few unexpected incidents, overall it still went smoothly, and besides, I gained quite a lot from it. Oh? Then that is excellent. Qi'er, hurry and tell me—how did you manage to subdue such a ferocious divine beast? Hehe, it's a rather long story. Let your son explain it slowly in detail. Hahaha, no rush, no rush—take your time. Remember to tell your mother as well. After returning to his own palace, Ying Qi immediately opened the system. He ordered it to settle the rewards for killing enemies. Ding, the army under the Host's command killed 890,000 enemies. Received 1,230,000 experience points. Ding, experience gained: 300,000. Killed level 29 enemies and received 80,000 experience. Congratulations, Host, on successfully reaching level 36. Ding, congratulations to the Host for completing the mission, advancing the world, and successfully crossing the tribulation. Reward: four Profound-tier Yang Treasures, one Earth-tier Yang Treasure. Opening Yang Treasures. Congratulations, Host, you have obtained Spirit Grain seeds. Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the Heavenly Garment Four Symbols Art, high-grade Earth tier. Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the formula for the Longevity Pill. Earth-tier pill formula. Congratulations, Host, you have obtained the forging method for the Blazing Fire Sword, a third-rank Earth-tier divine weapon. Hehe, I leveled up, and I even got so many Yang Treasures. This time I made a huge profit. Ying Qi quickly opened the Yang Treasure vault. There's still an Earth-tier Yang Treasure left. Ding, congratulations, Host, you have obtained the divine weapon Lingxiao Blade, high-grade Heaven tier. Ding, congratulations, Host, you have obtained the high-grade Heaven-tier magic treasure, Destiny Pearl. Damn, one opening and I got two Heaven-tier items. That's straight-up cheating. Ying Qi picked up the divine weapon Lingxiao Blade. He examined it. Lingxiao Blade... could this be the sword that appeared in my memories? The strongest divine weapon in that Demonic Sword world? That divine weapon continuously erupted with heaven-shaking power. Hahaha, as expected of a Heaven-tier divine weapon. It really is the Lingxiao Sword. This is honestly a bit too overpowered. The power emanating from the Lingxiao Blade pierced straight through Ying Qi's sleeping chamber in a single line and shot directly into the sky. The guards outside were so shocked they nearly pissed themselves. Oh my god, what is that? It looks like a heavenly phenomenon. Ying Qi smiled in satisfaction. With this divine weapon, my strength will definitely rise by quite a bit. This pearl is also a Heaven-tier magic treasure. He then checked its information. Ding, magic treasure name: Destiny of the Elf Goddess. Attribute: healing injuries. When used with full power, the treasure can release a forbidden spell, Life's Vast Radiance of Healing, covering a thousand zhang. It can heal severe injuries, but cannot dispel internal injury energy. Well now, if I'm injured, this magic treasure can help speed up my recovery by three times. It's a spell from the Western Realm, but as long as it's useful, it's a magic treasure worth every coin. Hahaha, coming to this tribulation world really did upgrade me quite a lot. With such a divine weapon and high-level martial skills, should I go check out a new dungeon? If I remember correctly, I still have two chances to open a random world dungeon. Looks like I'll have to rely on my old man to hold the fort again. Ying Qi hurried straight to Ying Zheng. Qi'er, you've only just returned and already you want to go into seclusion again? Are you really afraid your father here will have too much free time? Ai, Imperial Father, you're the greatest emperor of all ages. Just then, Lü Buwei entered and reported, Your Majesty, this old minister has something to report. Oh? Chancellor Lü, what is it? Reporting to Your Majesty, Great Qin's territory is vast and filled with countless mountains and forests. Recently, officials from all directions have repeatedly reported that savage beasts have often been appearing and attacking the people. Ying Qi frowned slightly. Ferocious strange beasts? With spiritual energy reviving, it seems the beasts of the Great Qin world have changed as well. This is not unexpected. Quickly issue my decree to all commanderies and counties throughout the realm, especially cities near mountains: increase patrol strength. Once wild beasts are discovered attacking people, kill them immediately. Yes, this minister understands. Ying Qi quickly asked, Where is Master Ou? Ou Hong, descendant of Ouyezi and master swordsmith, immediately stepped forward. Your servant is here. The bones transported back from the wasteland are all top-grade materials for forging weapons. Can the number of bones we have forged from them fully arm the entire Qin army? Ou Hong replied, Although there are many bones, it is still not enough to equip the whole army. Therefore, in this minister's opinion, these bones should be fused with iron to forge even more formidable weapons. Okay, that idea works. Then how is the forging of the heavy armored cavalry going? Reporting to Your Majesty, heavy armored cavalry equipment requires refined iron. This servant is urging the forging process forward at full speed. Mm. I leave the forging matters entirely in your hands. Also, I have a blueprint here. See whether, with your current ability, you can forge it. Ou Hong reached out, took the blueprint, opened it, and looked at it before saying, Your Majesty, this weapon is too powerful. At present, I am likely still unable to forge it. But if Your Majesty grants me some time—two years, no, only one year—I will certainly be able to forge it. Very good. I entrust this blueprint to you. In addition, I grant you full authority over the forging. If you need anything, go to the two chancellors. Ou Hong, I will definitely not fail Your Majesty's expectations. This time, since I still do not know the situation in the other world, I cannot rashly bring a large army with me. Dun Ruo, you will lead 5,000 Shadow Guards and accompany me. This minister obeys. Ying Zheng said with some concern, Qi'er, bringing only 5,000 men—isn't that too risky? Ying Qi told his father not to worry. If I encounter an unstable situation, I will use the power of fate to contact this place. At that time, sending troops over won't be too late. Very well. Qi'er, you must be careful in all things. Your father will hold down affairs in Great Qin, so you can rest easy. Hehe, then I'll trouble Imperial Father. In that case, your son will take his leave first and go prepare to open the passage to another world. Dun Ruo, immediately gather the Shadow Guards. By your command, Master. I wonder what kind of world will open this time. Ding, congratulations, Host, on successfully opening the gate to the world—the Imperial World of Great Ming. The Great Ming world. Ying Qi and his group stepped through the great gate and directly entered the Great Ming world. Wow, this place is beautiful, and spiritual energy is everywhere. Could it be that this Great Ming world is already a world where martial dao runs rampant? Dun Ruo, take the Shadow Guards and hide yourselves. If I need anything, I'll call for you. Yes, Master. This seems to be a spiritual vein area, and there are many palaces here as well. Could this be some martial sect of the Great Ming world? I need to go down and take a look. Ying Qi immediately leaped down there. Beneath this lake is a spiritual vein. Judging by its appearance, it's at least a mid-grade spiritual vein. What an outstanding land blessed by heaven. If I control this world in the future, there will be endless resources. Ying Qi fixed his gaze on the lake. At that moment, two beautiful young women were bathing in the water. This woman was Xuan Yue, from Hundred Flowers Palace. Ling Xing spoke up, Sister, this secluded cultivation session has greatly improved us. We're only one step away from the Celestial Human Realm now. Xuan Yue replied, If we cannot enter the Celestial Human Realm, then we cannot dominate the world, nor can we stand firm in these chaotic times. But with the talent of us two sisters, within ten years we will absolutely be able to step into the Celestial Immortal Realm. The moment Ying Qi saw the two gorgeous girls, his eyes nearly bulged and he even got a nosebleed. Damn, seriously? I just logged in and already got treatment like this? Who could possibly withstand this? The two women immediately noticed someone was there. We already set up a restriction. How could someone have gotten in? The two hurriedly put on their clothes and shouted angrily, Which old pervert is it? Get out here right now! Ying Qi had no choice but to stick his head out and awkwardly say, Um... hehe, greetings, ladies. Damn it, it's a man? To think you dared barge into our Hundred Flowers Palace and stain the purity of us sisters! Furious from embarrassment after being seen naked, the two girls angrily struck out at him with their palms. Ying Qi remained calm and assessed their strength. I didn't expect these two girls to have reached Grandmaster level as well. It seems this Great Ming world truly is one where crouching tigers and hidden dragons abound. With strength absurdly overwhelming, much less just two women, Ying Qi calmly raised both hands and met Xuan Yue and Ling Xing palm against palm. The force of the clash spread continuously outward, blowing away all the surrounding grass, trees, earth, and stone. But with his Grandmaster cultivation, combined with protagonist aura and a super VIP pro max system, Ying Qi easily blasted both of them backward. Xuan Yue cried out in shock, That cultivation... Grandmaster? Who are you, and why did you sneak into Hundred Flowers Palace and sully the purity of us sisters? Ying Qi scratched his head innocently. How would I know? If I said I came here by accident, would you believe me? Believe my ass! "By accident," huh? Taste this matron's Hundred Flowers Devastation! You vile thief, today you die! Sigh, perfect timing—I can use you to test this treasured sword. Ying Qi immediately drew the Lingxiao Blade he had just received from the system. The power radiating from the Lingxiao Blade filled Xuan Yue with extreme alarm. That sword aura—it is a Heaven-tier divine weapon! Ling Xing, be careful! With a single move, Ying Qi sent both of them flying and slammed them hard into the ground. Even after getting utterly crushed, the foul-mouthed Ling Xing still cursed, Vile thief, who exactly are you? Since you two want to know, then I will answer sincerely. I am Ying Qi, Emperor of Great Qin. Hah, Ying Qi? That name sounds familiar. Ling Xing snorted coldly and scolded, Bold thief, stop talking nonsense and acting mysterious. Are you from the Embroidered Uniform Guard or from Hulong Manor? Embroidered Uniform Guard? Hulong Manor? Looks like the forces in this Great Ming world are rather complicated. Ying Qi then said, Neither. In truth, I am the number one flower-plucking thief in Great Ming. Hehehe. Tsk, tsk, tsk. I have long heard that the two Palace Masters of Hundred Flowers Palace possess beauty capable of toppling kingdoms. Today I came especially to pluck those flowers. You damned thief! Even if I die, I will never let you have your way! Ying Qi grabbed Ling Xing's arm. Seriously, do these two have brains? They don't believe the truth, but the moment I talk nonsense, they take it as fact. What part of my bearing looks like that of a flower thief? Vile thief! Let go of me at once! Ying Qi flicked two pills into the mouths of Xuan Yue and Ling Xing. The two cried out in fear, What did you make us eat? Aiyo, I'm a flower thief. What else do you think I would feed you two sisters? Sister, this vile thief gave us his aphrodisiac! Ying Qi secretly laughed to himself. Hehe. If I don't scare them, how will they behave? The foul-mouthed Ling Xing continued cursing, If you dare touch me, I will definitely kill you. At that moment, Xuan Yue realized something was off. Ling Xing, my inner energy is suddenly full again. What he gave us seems to be a healing pill. You two can stand up now. Your injuries are healed. I'm leaving too. Bye-bye. The young man had only just turned around to walk away when he was blocked by a group of female disciples from Hundred Flowers Palace. Bold thief, you dared trespass into Hundred Flowers Palace. Sisters, attack and kill him! Xuan Yue hurriedly told them to stop. Otherwise you'll all get swept up too. He is not an enemy. Disciples, stand down. Ling Xing also turned to her sister and said, Sister, my injuries really are healed. Since your injuries are healed, why still not let me go? Hmph, you vile thief barged into Hundred Flowers Palace and saw everything that should not have been seen of us sisters. If this matter spreads outside, then... Huh? I really am innocent. I didn't do it on purpose. Don't tell me you want me to take responsibility? Just then, a female disciple came running over in panic. Palace Master, Second Palace Master, this is bad! The people from the Eastern Depot and Western Depot have surrounded our Hundred Flowers Palace! What? That Liu Jing has finally made his move against us. This time he even joined forces with the Eastern and Western Depots to wipe out our Hundred Flowers Palace. Sister, what should we do now? Hundred Flowers Palace is facing a great calamity. We may be destroyed. You two good girls, would you like to make a deal with your big brother here? I'll help your Hundred Flowers Palace deal with those eunuchs outside. As for what happened today, we'll just let it pass like that, okay? Ling Xing said, Did I hear that right? You mean you want to oppose the Eastern Depot and Western Depot? If you don't refuse, then I'll take that as agreement. Now I'll go meet those eunuchs. Transmit this Palace Master's order: all disciples of Hundred Flowers Palace are to prepare to meet the enemy. Yes, Palace Master. In a flash, Ying Qi was already at the gates of Hundred Flowers Palace. Facing him at that moment were the people of the Eastern and Western Depots. Eastern Depot Chief Liu Jing mocked, Aiyo, since when did the rules of Hundred Flowers Palace change? You've even started accepting male disciples now? This Palace Master does not need to report my actions to Eunuch Liu. Today, what do you mean by surrounding my Hundred Flowers Palace? Gu Dayong, Grand Governor of the Western Depot, pointed at the people of Hundred Flowers Palace and said, Palace Master Xuan Yue, today you need to make a choice. If Hundred Flowers Palace attaches itself to our Eastern and Western Depots, then perhaps you can avoid the calamity of extermination. Otherwise, after today, there will be no need for Hundred Flowers Palace to continue existing. Hearing this, Ying Qi felt irritated to death. These eunuchs sure love to spew nonsense. As he spoke, he released the power of a Grandmaster. His whole body was now wrapped in a powerful blue aura. Gu Dayong was shaken inwardly. A Grandmaster-level expert? Who are you, sir? Ying Qi told them to cut the crap. I will give you the chance to strike first. Do you know that opposing us is the same as opposing Great Ming? Are you not afraid of provoking the wrath of the Great Ming court? Oh? Is that so scary? Great Ming, huh? Liu Jing angrily shouted, You fool who doesn't know life from death—Embroidered Uniform Guard, kill him! At the order, they immediately loosed their arrows. Ying Qi was already familiar with this kind of attack. He hurriedly raised a shield. The arrows struck the shield and immediately rebounded back toward the Jinyiwei. Ding, the host has killed a level 5 enemy and received 1,000 experience points. Ding, the host has killed a level 8 enemy and received 1,500 experience points. Sure enough, killing enemies with martial strength gives far more experience than slaughtering an entire city. “You dare kill my, Liu Jing’s, Jinyiwei? Despicable! If I don’t kill you today, how can this Chief still have any standing in Great Ming? Men, charge! Kill him!” This time, instead of shooting arrows, the Jinyiwei surged forward like moths to a flame. Ying Qi looked at them coldly, then struck out with a palm. The blow sent them all flying and knocked every last one of them down. Ding, the host has killed a level 25 enemy and received 85,000 experience points. Ding, the host has killed a level 23 enemy and received 74,500 experience points. Ying Qi only grew more excited the more he killed. “This feels amazing. Why stop now?” Xuan Yue was once again horrified. “This man’s strength is truly unfathomable. His cultivation is terrifying. Even if my sister and I joined forces, we still wouldn’t be his match.” Liu Jing and Gu Dayong were already furious beyond measure. “Damn it! Damn it!” The two erupted with the aura of peak Grandmaster experts and attacked Ying Qi together. “I’ll drain your cultivation dry and use it as a stepping stone for this Governor to enter the Celestial-Human Realm!” “Sister, shouldn’t we help him?” Xuan Yue immediately stopped her. “Have you lost your mind? Two peak Grandmasters are attacking together. Do you want us to go up there just to get beaten? Besides, he has a Heaven-grade divine weapon on him. Those two eunuchs won’t be able to hurt him.” The two eunuchs had barely gotten close when Ying Qi used the Skyfrost Blade to slash them flying backward dozens of meters. “This man’s strength has probably already touched the level of the Celestial-Human Realm. Since when did Hundred Flowers Palace have such an expert guarding it? The thing in his hand is a Heaven-grade divine weapon? Impossible!” Ying Qi stood proudly with the Skyfrost Blade raised high and declared, “Your lives are mine.” Terrified, the two begged for mercy. “Don’t, don’t kill us! I can offer you everything. I can serve you with all my strength!” “If you kill Liu Jing, Great Ming will never let you off!” “Ha ha, too late.” Ying Qi decisively sent them on their way with a single sword strike. Ding, congratulations to the host for killing a level 38 enemy and receiving 1,000,000 experience points, a high-grade cultivation technique, Great Jia Tiangan Divine Art, and 1,000 high-grade spirit stones. Ding, congratulations to the host for killing a level 40 enemy and receiving 1,500,000 experience points, a high-grade Earth-rank cultivation technique, Absorbing Technique, and 1,000 high-grade spirit stones. When the Jinyiwei saw that both Depot Chiefs were dead, they fell into complete panic and fled with all their might. “Run! Run! A Celestial-Human expert is not someone we can resist! Retreat! Report this information to His Majesty and let the Emperor decide! Withdraw now!” With dozens of experience points practically lining up before him, how could Ying Qi let this chance pass? He immediately grabbed the Skyfrost Blade and gave chase. “Still trying to run? All of you are my experience points. Even if you flee to the ends of the earth, you won’t escape me, boys.” At this moment, Ying Qi was overflowing with murderous intent, and his eyes turned blood-red with bloodlust. Ding, demonic sword attribute activated. Frost Sword, heart sword, and demonic sword are divided into two different attributes. During slaughter, the demonic sword attribute activates and grants the host increased combat power. Ying Qi had now entered a demonic state. He frenziedly cut down the prey before him. As soon as one fell, he rushed forward to finish off the next two. The more Ying Qi killed, the more his combat power rose, like some great devil who took pleasure in slaughter. “His strength is terrifying. It looks like he’s gone mad. He’s not going to kill us too, is he?” “Kill! I must break through to the Celestial-Human Realm!” Ding, congratulations to the host for reaching level 37. Ding, congratulations to the host for reaching level 38. Ding, congratulations to the host for reaching level 39. Ding, congratulations to the host for reaching level 40. “Hehe, I just got here and already leveled up four times in a row. My cultivation is rising so fast. Damn, this feels incredible.” After half an hour of slaughter, Ying Qi had wiped out all the people from the Eastern and Western Depots. “Hey, you’re just leaving like that?” “Oh? Then what do you want? Don’t tell me you two little beauties want big brother here to take responsibility?” “Y-you... you tainted the innocence of us two sisters, so of course you have to take responsibility. Enough nonsense. You’ve killed Liu Jing and so many Jinyiwei today. You’ve openly made yourself an enemy of the Eastern and Western Depots. You’d better come back to the Palace with us first so we can discuss what to do.” “Mm, the Palace Master is right. Then I’ll follow you two back to the Palace and discuss things first.” Xuan Yue quickly ordered the disciples of Hundred Flowers Palace to dispose of all the corpses at once. “Yes, Palace Master.” After entering the room, Xuan Yue said, “Things have reached this point. You should tell us your true identity now, shouldn’t you?” “Hmph, do you two have the memory of goldfish? Didn’t I already tell you? I am Ying Qi.” “Ying Qi, the Crown Prince of Great Qin? Are you trying to fool ghosts?” “Oh ho, after so many years, I never expected the two of you would still know of Great Qin’s Crown Prince Ying Qi.” Xuan Yue said, “Of course I know. Thousands of years ago, the Great Qin Empire ruled the world. Qin Shi Huang, Ying Zheng, and Crown Prince Ying Qi destroyed the six kingdoms and dominated all under heaven. It was that father and son who opened the true great age of martial dao. But Great Qin has already been destroyed for thousands of years, and you still came up with such a story. If you don’t want to take responsibility for us sisters, at least come up with a more believable excuse.” Ying Qi was startled as well. He had not expected that this world also had an existence connected to him. “Then in the end, how did Qin Shi Huang and Ying Qi die?” “Though Qin Shi Huang Ying Zheng and Crown Prince Ying Qi held the world in their grasp and made the four seas submit, in the end they still could not escape birth, aging, sickness, and death. Qin Shi Huang pursued immortality and died, while Crown Prince Ying Qi was assassinated.” “Oh? Assassinated to death again? Then what happened to the great experts of Qin back then, and what was Great Qin’s final fate?” Xuan Yue replied, “According to historical records, after Crown Prince Ying Qi was assassinated that year, Qin Shi Huang flew into a rage and killed a million people connected to the affair. In the end, unable to obtain immortality, he died in sorrow, taking with him Great Qin’s treasure and Crown Prince Ying Qi into eternal rest. As for Great Qin’s experts, they were all killed after Qin Er Shi took the throne.” “Ha, Great Qin’s treasure? Why don’t I know about that?” “It is said that whoever obtains Great Qin’s treasure can ascend to the Celestial-Human Realm and even set foot in the realm of immortals and gods.” Ling Xing said irritably, “Sister, why are you telling this evil thief so much? He doesn’t even know about Great Qin’s treasure, and yet he still dreams of calling himself Great Qin’s Crown Prince Ying Qi.” “Hey, get it straight. I’m not Great Qin’s Crown Prince. I am Great Qin’s Emperor, Ying Qi.” “Hah, and now you’re bragging that you’re Great Qin’s Emperor Ying Qi? Then hurry up and send your great army here and marry us two sisters.” “Well, well, you’re in such a hurry to marry me?” “Don’t listen to Ling Xing’s nonsense. The important thing now is to think about how to respond next. How about you stay temporarily at our Hundred Flowers Palace first?” “Hehe, what could be better than that? Not only is the scenery here beautiful, I’d also have two beloved consorts to keep me company.” “Hey, hey, who are your beloved consorts?” “I’d love to stay, but I still have things to do. Besides, I need you two to have the disciples of Hundred Flowers Palace spread the news of how I alone slaughtered the Eastern and Western Depots today.” “Huh? Spread it? Why would you do that? If you do, the Great Ming court and the other forces will hunt you down at any cost.” “That’s right. Do you even know the consequences? They can even mobilize true Celestial-Human experts.” “You don’t need to worry. I want them to come find me on their own. The more, the better.” News that Ying Qi had annihilated the people of the Eastern and Western Depots quickly spread everywhere through the Xuan Yue sisters. It soon reached the ears of Great Ming’s Emperor Zhu Houzhao. He flew into a rage and shouted, “Outrageous! Who dares be so bold?” “Your Majesty, this rebel actually dares offend Heaven’s might and oppose the court of Great Ming. If he is not executed by lingchi, it will not be enough to quell our fury.” The Divine Marquis then said, “According to this minister’s investigation, Depot Chief Liu Jing and several thousand Jinyiwei from the Eastern and Western Depots really did die at the hands of a man named Ying Qi.” Zhu Houzhao roared in anger, “Ying Qi? Why doesn’t he just call himself Ying Zheng while he’s at it? I don’t care who that bastard is. I only want him dead.” “Yes, this minister obeys.” Suddenly, another man rushed in in a panic. Seeing this, one of the officials rebuked him, “You’re in such disorder. What kind of appearance is this?” Gasping for breath, he said, “Bad news, Your Majesty! Something has happened at Hulong Villa!” The Divine Marquis hurriedly asked, “What happened at my Hulong Villa?” What else could it be but Ying Qi coming to grind experience and level up? When the guards saw a stranger force his way into Hulong Villa, they immediately took up battle stances. “Who dares barge into Hulong Villa? Do you have a death wish?” Ying Qi remained calm and leisurely as he walked forward. “My name is Ying Qi, a man of Great Qin.” “Ying Qi? Could he be the man from the rumors, the one who killed the Jinyiwei of the Eastern and Western Depots earlier?” Ying Qi could not be bothered wasting words on such small fry and simply walked over and killed them one by one. Ding, congratulations to the host for killing a level 21 enemy and receiving 5,000 experience points. “Excellent. I really came to the right experience nest this time. This place levels me up fast.” The people of Hulong Villa charged madly to attack. “Nameless villain, since you came to Hulong Villa to seek death, we’ll grant your wish. Brothers, attack together!” Against these little shrimps, Ying Qi easily defeated them with his bare hands alone. One punch erased one, one kick sent two or three flying. In a flash, the whole group had become experience points for him to level up. “Ha ha, what a bunch of ants. Is there anyone here who can actually fight? Get out here right now.” Four more Grandmasters appeared, three men and one woman, recklessly rushing out and joining forces to form a grand formation like a heavenly net in hopes of trapping Ying Qi. “Come and die!” “Four Grandmasters at once? That’s barely acceptable.” As he spoke, the young man pulled out the Skyfrost Blade. With one heaven-splitting strike, he shattered the formation created by the four Grandmasters. “This man’s realm is higher than ours. Attack together!” Ying Qi leaped up and swung his sword, killing one Grandmaster with a single slash. The three remaining Grandmasters were horrified out of their wits. “That’s a Heaven-grade divine weapon!” “What? A Heaven-grade divine weapon has appeared?” Ying Qi once more entered his demonic slaughter state and swept out a sword arc, sending the entire crowd of Hulong Villa flying. “Today, every one of you will die.” “Ha ha, exhilarating, exhilarating! Kill! Kill!” Ying Qi rushed forward at once to finish off the survivors. At this point, all they could do was scream helplessly before turning into experience points. “Disciples of Hulong Villa, charge with me and kill the evil thief! Kill the evil thief! Kill the evil thief!” They poured out all their strength and joined forces to unleash a great attack. The barrage of attacks shot toward Ying Qi at high speed. The young man immediately used true essence to protect his body, then unleashed Falling Heart Flame to burn the people of Hulong Villa. “Ahhh, it’s too hot! Run, run! Hurry and report to the Divine Marquis, that thing isn’t human, it’s a demon!” The system’s notifications rang out nonstop. Ding, congratulations to the host for killing a level 34 enemy and receiving 150,000 experience points, a high-grade Profound-rank martial skill, True Qi Restriction, and 500 high-grade spirit stones. Ding, congratulations to the host for killing 32 enemies and receiving 120,000 experience points, a high-level Martial Dao Ascension stage, and more than 500 high-grade spirit stones. Ding, congratulations to the host for killing 4,858 enemies and receiving 160,000 experience points. Congratulations to the host for reaching level 41. Congratulations to the host for advancing to the Celestial-Human Realm. Ying Qi looked on and grinned foolishly. “This is absolutely incredible.” Ding, detected that the host has three types of intent realms to choose from. Choice one: Imperial Dao, cultivating the path of Imperial Dao laws. Choice two: Slaughter Dao, cultivating the path of Slaughter Dao laws. Choice three: Imperial Slaughter Dao, walking the path of Imperial Slaughter Dao, using imperial law to rule over the three thousand worlds and slaughter dao to kill all enemies. “Damn, do I even need to think about this? Of course I choose Imperial Slaughter Dao.” Ding, congratulations to the host for unlocking level 1 Imperial Slaughter Dao intent. Effect: recovery speed increased by 30%, true qi recovery speed increased by 30%, stamina recovery speed increased by 30%, strength increased by 30%. “I’ve cleared Hulong Villa. Time to head to the next location. Celestial-Human Realm, Imperial Slaughter Dao... this feeling is insanely good. Ha ha ha ha!” News that Hulong Villa had been wiped out by a single person spread with lightning speed. In Great Ming, nine out of ten gossip circles were talking about this matter, and the remaining one was just sitting around waiting for more details. “Hey, brother, it’s true. I’m not exaggerating. He wiped out Hulong Villa by himself.” “Who exactly is so terrifying?” “From what I heard, even the Divine Marquis was so scared he didn’t dare show his face. That man seems to be called Ying Qi.” At this moment, Ying Qi was sitting in an inn enjoying the local food. “Delicious. I have to admit, Great Ming’s food is far tastier than that of my Great Qin.” Dun Ruo quickly reported, “Your Majesty, your subject has already gathered useful information regarding the treasure.” “Speak.” “According to rumor, the Great Qin Empire left behind a secret treasure back then, one containing endless wealth and supreme martial power. Whoever obtains it can gain the world. As for where it is hidden, that place is Great Qin’s imperial mausoleum. However, no one in this world knows where it is, and even if someone finds the location of the imperial tomb, it still cannot be opened.” Ying Qi asked doubtfully, “Hm? Why is that?” “It is said that only Great Qin’s imperial bloodline can open the imperial tomb.” Ying Qi could not help but laugh. “Ha ha, in that case, we’ll go to the imperial tomb first, and then destroy Great Ming.” At the same time, inside Great Ming’s imperial palace, in the place where several leopards were kept, a subordinate came rushing in with frantic haste to deliver an urgent report. “Your Majesty, terrible news!” But Emperor Zhu Houzhao remained relaxed, playfully feeding meat to the leopards. “What are you panicking for? The sky hasn’t fallen yet.” “Reporting to Your Majesty, according to the latest information, after destroying Hulong Villa, that villain calling himself Ying Qi continued taking several of our cities. He may very well march straight on the Forbidden City.” Zhu Houzhao showed not the slightest concern. He said the Divine Marquis had already made arrangements. “He’s just a petty thief, yet he scared you into such a state. How can you manage the Eastern and Western Depots for me like this? Get out of my sight at once.” The old eunuch replied in a trembling voice, “Yes, this old servant takes his leave.” The leopards saw the meat and immediately lunged at it, biting and fighting over it with each other. The strong devoured the weak, the law of survival since ancient times. For now, let’s leave aside this emperor who likes playing with beasts and head to Mount Li, a place of beautiful waters and layered mountains, rushing waterfalls and luxuriant vegetation. “I didn’t expect the terrain to have changed. The entrance to the imperial tomb back then has actually turned into a water vein. Your Majesty, my patrol just searched this area and found no entrance to the underground palace.” Ying Qi was certain. “It is here. Back then, it was I who activated the imperial mausoleum’s formation. I can still sense it now.” Ying Qi then gathered his strength and slashed at the waterfall, splitting it in two and revealing an enormous gate, its surroundings crisscrossed with threads of heavenly lightning. Dun Ruo stared in stunned amazement. “So the entrance was hidden behind the waterfall. I never thought it would be opened again after 1,700 years.” “Great Qin’s imperial mausoleum is in the Great Ming world. This is my ancestral tomb. I alone will go in. Stay outside and stand guard for me.” “Yes, Your Majesty.” Ying Qi stepped forward and opened the tomb gate. Just as he was about to reach for the lamp, the scene before him left him completely stunned. “Hm? What is this? Why is this place arranged differently from back then? Could tomb raiders have broken in before? I need to get inside and check.” “Whoever dared dig up my Ying clan’s ancestral tomb, I’ll kill without mercy.” Ying Qi immediately rushed deeper inside. “How can this be? How did Great Qin’s imperial tomb turn into this?” Before us stood the statue of General Bai Qi. How can this be? How did Great Qin's imperial mausoleum turn into this? Before us stands the statue of General Bai Qi. Suddenly, countless vines appeared, writhing as they tried to wrap around Ying Qi. At the same time, a voice rang out. “Ying Qi, I’ve been waiting for you here for a long time. Weren’t you very arrogant when you destroyed Hulong Villa? Today I’ve set up a grand formation in the Ying clan’s ancestral tomb and waited here for you to come and die.” Hahaha! That voice belonged to the Divine Marquis, the head of Hulong Villa. He immediately activated the formation, and countless vines shot toward Ying Qi. Ying Qi instantly used the divine weapon Skyfrost Blade to cut the vines apart. “The one who should die is you.” “Ying Qi, this so-called Great Qin treasure was nothing more than bait to lure you into the trap. I never thought you’d take the bait so quickly.” Seeing him talk too much, Ying Qi rewarded him with a sword strike, but what he hit was only an afterimage. “I once heard you say with my own ears: your soul too will fall into the abyss of death, doomed beyond eternal redemption.” Ying Qi suddenly realized something was wrong. “No, this isn’t right. You’re not the Divine Marquis at all... it’s you, you damned man in black!” “Haha, you realized too late. I borrowed the formation you opened here back then and turned it into a grand sealing array. No matter how high your cultivation is, it will be useless. Don’t even think of returning to the Great Qin world. Just obediently die here.” By now, the grand formation had fully activated, trapping Ying Qi tightly inside. “Damn, I really have been sealed. This man is truly sinister. I have to quickly think of a way out of here.” “Trying to make me die? Ask the sword in my hand if it agrees first.” Ying Qi frantically swung his sword, slashing wildly at the man in black, who possessed no cultivation at all. and still wants to bring out the might of a Heaven-tier divine weapon? How naive. Once a person dies, they will be swallowed by death. He immediately fired out a stream of dark power and blasted Ying Qi away. This place is your Ying clan's tomb. Dying here can be considered fitting for you. Ying Qi dropped to one knee on the ground and had to plant his sword to keep himself from collapsing. You're right. This is indeed the tomb of my Ying clan, the Great Qin Imperial Mausoleum. But perhaps you don't know that this place is where the heroic war generals of Great Qin who died in battle are honored. You're smashing things up here like this—did you ask them for permission? Ying Qi shouted, Heroes of Great Qin, return at once! The divine weapon, Lingxiao Blade, surged with power. Countless souls of Great Qin's martial generals appeared, forming an undead army brimming with murderous intent and slaughter. Ying Qi shouted, Heroes of Great Qin, awaken! Great Qin's God of Slaughter, Human Butcher Bai Qi! Heavenly thunder spread without end, shattering everything it touched. Martial Peace Lord Bai Qi is here. Who are you to dare trespass against my Great Qin's ruler? Damn, he couldn't win so he called out Bai Qi's martial soul to keep fighting? That's dirty. Dirty my ass. This is the art of fighting like a bastard. It's art, understand? You dare violate Great Qin's forbidden land? Then leave your life here. Bai Qi's martial soul also swept his spear forward and slashed down, killing without mercy. Being ganged up on, the man in black was struck and sent flying backward. How is this possible? Since you don't know, let this Ying Qi tell you. Back then, Great Qin's Martial Peace Lord Bai Qi slaughtered four hundred thousand men on the battlefield. His killing intent reached the heavens, and his martial soul has been here absorbing murderous aura for more than seventeen hundred years. Even if you were a Great Luo Golden Immortal, escaping death today would still be difficult. Bai Qi's martial soul charged forward with spear in hand and battled the man in black for three hundred exchanges. Die, you bastard! The man in black naturally couldn't let a mere martial soul steal all the spotlight, so he formed a black energy sphere. But before he could launch it, Bai Qi's martial soul struck with its spear, forcing him to spring into the air to dodge. But the attack was so powerful that it still blasted him away and smashed him hard into the wall. Ying Qi stood watching his enemy and began boasting, Today, the one who dies will be you. Hmph, Ying Qi, you think this is enough to kill me? Dream on. If the seal on your body cannot be undone, then stay here forever. Hahaha! Bastard, what did you say? Just as he said, Ying Qi's left chest was being suppressed by a strange sealing power, preventing the young man from escaping outside. This seal can't be removed. Better open a passage back to the Great Qin world first, then think of a way. Ding, system error detected. Unable to open a passage to the Great Qin world. What the hell? The passage can't be opened? Does that mean I really have to stay here? Ding, host must complete missions to restore the system. Mission one: replace the dynasty and destroy Ming Wuzong Zhu Houzhao. Huh? Complete the mission to eliminate Ming Wuzong? Isn't there an even harder mission than that? Leaving the gloomy ancestral tomb of the Ying clan behind, he returned to the Forbidden City. Inside his own bedchamber, Zhu Houzhao was frolicking with beautiful palace maids. Ah, Your Majesty, don't come over here, Your Majesty. You're hurting me. Hehe, I know, ladies. I'll be gentle, gentle. Come then, Your Majesty, come catch this concubine. Alright, alright, I'm coming, I'm coming. Just as things were reaching their peak, a subordinate suddenly rushed in in a panic and shouted, Bad news, Your Majesty! Bad news! A group of rebels from Hundred Flowers Palace has broken into the imperial palace, and you're still in the mood to fool around? You dog slave, what nonsense are you talking about? Where is Qian Ning? Where are the Embroidered Uniform Guards? They all ran away already! Your Majesty, you'd better flee with me first. Hmph, how could that be? I'm not going anywhere. I will personally hack these villains to death. As soon as he finished speaking, Ying Qi kicked the door open and walked in. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Death is at your doorstep, yet your mouth is still so bold. Building leopard pens and running brothels full of women, just like it's recorded in the history books. You bastard, so you're the rebel Ying Qi? With that little bit of ability, what can you possibly accomplish? If you submit to me now, I might still spare you from death. Zhu Houzhao, have you spent so much time fooling around that your brain's gone rotten too? Spare me from death? You probably don't know this, but anyone who dares call himself "Zhen" in front of me must die. Zhu Houzhao immediately released his leopards to bite Ying Qi. His little beauties were so terrified their souls nearly left their bodies as they fled in panic. Ah! Monster! The leopards surrounded Ying Qi tightly, growling as they waited for a chance to tear their prey apart. Holding a huge oversized battle axe in his hand, Zhu Houzhao roared, Rebel, die! At his command, the leopards pounced, opening blood-basin mouths and baring sharp fangs as they lunged for the prey before them. Beasts should be dealt with by beasts. Ying Qi immediately summoned his darling Blood Tiger. The Blood Tiger had barely entered the field before it sent one of them on its way. Seeing how ferocious his opponent's pet was, Zhu Houzhao trembled in fear. Th-this is... Hehe, now you know how formidable I am, little brother? In Great Ming's Zhu family, your martial strength can be considered fairly decent. It's just a pity you ran into a game-breaking cheater like me. Another martial soul, brimming with fighting intent, shouted, Great General Zhou Shouwei is here! Rebel, die! At the same moment, Zhu Houzhao went berserk and swung his axe down. Ying Qi remained calm with his arms folded, giving the Great General Zhou Shou martial soul a chance to show its strength. Zhou Shou's martial soul swung its sword and sent him flying dozens of meters away. That single strike not only shattered the axe he treasured most, but also took the life of Zhu Hou zhao. Whoever offends my lord shall be killed without mercy. Ding, congratulations, host, for completing system mission one. System restoration progress is now 20%. Dun Ruo also quickly reported the situation. Reporting to Your Majesty: the imperial palace guards and resisting Embroidered Uniform Guards have all been killed. The officials are all gathered in the Hall of Supreme Harmony awaiting Your Majesty's disposition. Good. Follow me to meet these Great Ming officials. In no time, Ying Qi had arrived at the Hall of Supreme Harmony. Below him stood Great Ming's assembled ministers. They looked at one another in confusion and asked, Who is this man? We've never seen him before. Ying Qi cheerfully introduced himself as Ying Qi, Emperor of Great Qin. Zhu Houzhao was lewd, immoral, and without virtue, and I have already killed him. As Great Ming's court officials, you should now fulfill your proper duties. Where are the left and right chancellors? The officials grew even more bewildered. Great Qin? How can there still be a Ying Qi? Didn't Great Qin's Ying clan perish thousands of years ago? The left and right chancellors? Since the founding emperor, our dynasty abolished the office of chancellor long ago. The old official Yang Tinghe, Grand Secretary of the Inner Cabinet, hurriedly introduced himself. May I ask, since you call yourself Ying Qi, are you a descendant of Great Qin's imperial clan? Ah, I forgot. The Ming dynasty uses the cabinet system. Ying Qi said, That's right. I am Great Qin's Martial Emperor, Ying Qi. Naturally, the officials below did not believe him. What nonsense. Great Qin perished a thousand years ago. You dare claim to be descendant Ying Qi? Your entire clan should be executed. Ying Qi was a prince of Great Qin. Where did this so-called Martial Emperor of Great Qin come from? You should go memorize your history books before coming out to swindle people. Dun Ruo pointed at them and rebuked them, How dare you be so insolent? As for these stubborn old men, Ying Qi already had plenty of experience dealing with them. If he didn't show them something real, they probably would never believe his identity. Ying Qi immediately took out the Imperial Jade Seal. Open your eyes wide and look—what is this? The ministers stared with mouths agape in shock. This is the national seal! This is the Heirloom Jade Seal of the Realm that our Yan-Huang people lost a thousand years ago. Is it really the Heirloom Jade Seal of the Realm? I never imagined the jade seal lost for a thousand years would reappear today. They immediately knelt and bowed. We ministers have offended Martial Emperor of Great Qin, Your Majesty. We beg Your Majesty's forgiveness. Ying Qi truly didn't know what to say to these old men. The foolish ruler and the traitorous faction have been eliminated, but the realm has only just been stabilized and the court situation remains unsettled. Let each of you attend to your own duties as usual. For now, I will temporarily act in place of the Son of Heaven and handle state affairs. We ministers respectfully obey Your Majesty's sacred decree. He had only just subdued this group of old-fashioned ministers and had not yet had time to rest when another matter arrived. Terrible news! Terrible news! The northern frontier army, the northern frontier army! The Manchu army has invaded the borders of our Great Ming. They have already reached Yingzhou. Those ministers could only cry out in alarm, cursing the barbarian horsemen for their audacity in seizing the chance to invade their border. Another man rushed in in terror. Bad news! An urgent report has come from the southern pass: Prince Ning has raised troops in rebellion and already occupied Yuzhang. What? That treacherous rebel Prince Ning has also taken the opportunity to revolt? Ying Qi held his head in exasperation. This Great Ming really is a mess— and just then, the beloved system rang out again with a notification. Ding, mission: drive back the Manchu and defeat their leader, the Little Prince. Ding, mission: suppress the rebellion and kill Prince Ning, Zhu Chenhao. Damn it, talk about rotten luck. My cultivation is sealed, yet two more missions pop up at once. What a headache. Dun Ruo hurriedly added, According to intelligence, Prince Ning Zhu Chenhao has many experts under his command, and he himself has just broken through into the Celestial-Human Realm. He is no ordinary opponent. The officials immediately urged that military affairs were urgent and must not be delayed, begging Martial Emperor Ying Qi to make a decision. Ying Qi said, The Manchu are invading, so I should go fight them. But rebellion has also risen in the south. I don't have a clone technique—who can suppress it? Reporting to Martial Emperor, for pacifying the southern rebellion, this old minister is willing to recommend a man. Who? Speak quickly. Wang Shouren, style name Bo'an, literary name Yangming. The man you're talking about is Wang Yangming? Yes. The old minister then led Ying Qi to where Wang Shouren was being held. This is where Great Ming imprisons important criminals, and Wang Shouren is one of them—though he is a bit special. It's not that we won't let him out. He himself doesn't want to leave. Hmm? He doesn't want to leave by his own choice? What do you mean by that? Reporting to Martial Emperor, Wang Shouren had actually already been pardoned, but he stubbornly remained in prison and refused to leave. Every day he just mutters strange things, saying he is comprehending the Dao here. Hey, Wang Shouren! The Martial Emperor of Great Qin has arrived. Why don't you kneel and pay your respects? Do you think I, Wang Shouren, have gone senile from sitting in prison? Great Qin has been gone for a thousand years. Before Wang Shouren could emerge from his enlightenment, he had already shown quite a bit of nerve. Ying Qi smiled and raised a hand to stop the guard, preventing him from acting rashly in anger. Wang Yangming, I now appoint you Governor of the Southern Pass. Tomorrow you will head south to suppress the rebellion. Come out. But he only replied, The Dao has not yet been comprehended, and the principles are not yet clear, so I do not wish to go. You may all leave. Haha, the Dao you wish to comprehend—I can teach it to you. The mind itself is principle. The mind itself is the universe. Outside the mind there are no things. Outside the mind there are no affairs. Outside the mind there are no principles. Upon hearing this, Wang Shouren was instantly shaken. A divine man—truly a divine man! What does it mean that outside the mind there are no things? Please enlighten me, divine sir. Ying Qi said, It is action within knowledge, and knowledge within action—knowledge and action as one. Divine sir, please instruct me. Instruction is possible, but you'll have to wait until after you suppress Prince Ning's rebellion first. He immediately shouted, Guards! Release me at once! I want out! This old minister is foolish and dares ask: what exactly did Your Majesty mean just now by the unity of knowledge and action? Hahaha, to tell the truth, I don't know either. I was just making things up. Hahaha! Meanwhile, in Ying Qi's original world, the Great Qin world, in Qin King Hall, Ying Zheng anxiously asked Li Si—had there been any news from Qi'er in the other world? Reporting to First Emperor, no news has come through. There has been no word from Qi'er for over a month now. Could something have happened? Li Si, Han Fei, pass down my order—find a way to contact Qi'er. The moment any information arrives, report it at once. This subject obeys. At the same time, at the prison in Pei County, someone was storming in to break a prisoner out. Bold thief, you dare break into the prison! The one breaking in was the man in black. He effortlessly knocked down the guard. Liu Bang screamed in terror, Don't kill me! Please don't kill me! I only stole a few things—my crime doesn't deserve death. The man in black asked whether the man before him was Liu Bang. Trembling, the man answered that he was Liu Ji, and that as long as his life was spared, he would do anything. I came here looking for Liu Bang. Come with me now. Liu Bang had no idea what was going on, but still left with him. Back in the Great Ming world, outside Yingzhou City, the Manchu were madly slaughtering innocent Great Ming civilians. Charge! Kill those two-legged Han people! Kill! Kill! Warriors of the grasslands, follow me and slaughter your way into the city! There is endless gold and silver there, and rows of curvy Han women waiting for you. Charge! Move fast or there'll be nothing left but scraps. Charge! Kill, kill! Kill them all! They rushed all the way to Yingzhou's city gate. But the moment they reached the gate, there was a thunderous boom, and several barbarian soldiers were blown to pieces. The barbarian leader slammed on the brakes in shock. Th-this is... Facing them at that moment was a heavy long-range cannon of terrifying power. Good thing I had people build this big cannon overnight. We ended up needing it as soon as we arrived. Even Ling Xing had to marvel, I didn't think you even knew weapon-forging techniques. You really make me see you in a new light. Oh, I'm good at plenty of other things too. There are many days ahead—my two beloved consorts will get to experience them thoroughly. Hmph, you're spouting nonsense again. The Manchu leader cried out, What weapon is this? And who are you? You Manchu really are impossible to kill off. Clean out your ears and listen carefully. I am Ying Qi, King of Great Qin, bearing Heaven's mandate to drive out the Manchu. Soldiers of Great Ming, revive the glory of our Yan-Huang people and the majesty of Huaxia—follow me and slaughter these barbarians to the last! The Great Ming soldiers standing atop the walls were also stunned in amazement. He is Ying Qi? Look, the weapon in his hand is a Heaven-tier divine weapon. Ying Qi immediately charged forward with his two women and his subordinates, his momentum blazing so fiercely that the enemy was intimidated before battle even began. Kill! Kill these beasts! The Great Ming soldiers were also burning with fighting spirit. Kill! Brothers, charge! Cut off the heads of these Manchu! The Manchu feared neither father nor son and rushed forward, determined to fight to the death. At the same time, they ordered someone to quickly report to the Great Khan. In his own camp, the pot-bellied Great Khan sat atop a pile of Great Ming soldiers' corpses, eating roast meat with great relish. This man was Bachi, known as the Manchu Little Prince. A Manchu rushed over and cried, Great Khan, bad news! The Han people are killing their way here! He barked, What nonsense! The Han people of the northern frontier have already all been killed by us. Where would Han people come from? The one leading them is some completely unfamiliar fellow we've never seen before. He rides a giant tiger, carries a divine weapon, and has brought a group of martial experts with him. They've already fought their way to the main camp. Furious, he smashed the skull cup in his hand onto the ground, then stood up with his blade on his shoulder, shouting, Kill them! What kind of experts could these people possibly have? I'll chop off their heads and use them as new wine cups. At this moment, Ying Qi and his group had already fought their way to Bachi's position. Who are you? State your name. This Khan will let you die a quick death. Ying Qi could not help but sigh. The Great Khan of the Manchu is actually at the peak of Grandmaster Realm. Interesting. I am Ying Qi. And you're the Little Prince? I didn't expect you to look this old and yet have such an especially cute title. Ying Qi had never heard of it before. Hahaha! This Khan has brought a mighty army to your borders and sees all you Han as ants. Now this Khan will give you a chance: the two of us will duel. Do you dare accept? Damn it, duel my ass. My cultivation is sealed right now—I'd have to be stupid to solo you. That silly woman Xuan Yue said, These Manchu don't know how formidable you are. With your Celestial-Human Realm cultivation, you could take his life in three moves. Ying Qi could only sigh inwardly. Sigh, they don't know my cultivation has been sealed. If I really accept the challenge, that would be rather embarrassing. Fine, I accept. Hahaha! Han boy, you look rather handsome. This Khan doesn't want you dead—I want you to come back and serve as my male favorite in my tent. Damn it all. Hearing that, Ying Qi felt a chill deep in his soul. If big brother loses to me, I won't kill him either. I'll make big brother my slave and have him scrub my toilet every day. Big brother, does that sound okay? Ling Xing shook her head in disgust. Hair all over his body, greasy from head to toe—a slave like that would be revolting. Bachi immediately went into rage mode and shot forward like a nuclear missile. Brat, die! Since his cultivation was sealed, Ying Qi was a little nervous. This Manchu's cultivation isn't low. If he injures me even once, this little life of mine might not be preserved. I need to think of a way to kill him in a single strike. Your strength may be great, but your speed is far too slow. The instant his blade swept over, Ying Qi easily directed the Blood Tiger to leap up and evade it. Bachi immediately used the momentum to jump high and slash again, but every time he attacked, Ying Qi dodged the moment he had the chance. Ying Qi then used Divine Arrow Art to chip away at him from a distance, but in his enraged state, Bachi's skin was tougher than steel. The moment Ying Qi's arrow struck him, it snapped in half. Hmph, a mere rat dares insult this Khan? He kept swinging his blade in a furious barrage, yet none of the strikes landed. It seems this Manchu Khan put all his stats into strength and none at all into speed or brains. Ying Qi kept using the same tactic—whenever he found an opening, he fired a Divine Arrow. This time the arrow didn't break, but it still couldn't pierce the martial aura shield around him. He went mad with rage and roared, I will cut you into pieces! What a humiliation! Why won't you use your full strength and fight me head-on? He slashed to the right, and Ying Qi leaped left to dodge. He lunged to the left, but Ying Qi suddenly sprang forward again, making him so frustrated he could hardly stand it. Ling Xing and Xuan Yue watched the battle and giggled. Haha, it’s already been three shichen. This is the first time I’ve seen someone toy with an enemy like this. This Manchu leader is about to be teased into a dumb ox. But the two girls had no idea that the staff-wielding brute no longer had any other choice. Other than dodging and slowly wearing down his enemy’s stamina, there was nothing else he could do. At this point, Bai Chi was already so exhausted he could barely stand up. I’m not fighting anymore. I’m done fighting. Oh? So you admit defeat? That’s right. If I dare to bet, I dare to lose. The King of the Grasslands, son of the God Ala, submits to the Han man Ying Qi. From today onward, I am your slave. Ying Qi burst into excited laughter. Hahaha, good. At least you keep your word. You’re a true man. Have your main force get the hell back to the grasslands first, and gather your elite cavalry here for me. Yes. Bai Chi will do it at once. Ying Qi thought to himself, This little Manchu prince is pretty interesting. Ling Xing asked what use there was in keeping these northern barbarians around. Could it be that you really want to keep that big oaf by your side? Heh, I have my own arrangements. Back at Prince Ning Zhu Chenhao’s camp, someone had barely arrived before bringing urgent news. Your Highness! Your Highness, there is an emergency report from the front lines! What emergency report? Speak quickly. This old man sitting in meditation was Prince Ning, Zhu Chenhao. The soldier immediately said that Commander-in-Chief Wang Shouren of the loyalist army had sent someone with a declaration of war. Huh? Wang Shouren? Where is the letter? Here. It was actually a brocade box. A brocade box? When they opened it, there were only two apples and one pear inside. Your Highness, this is clearly telling us to leave at once. He’s obviously provoking us. Zhu Chenhao flew into a rage and swept the brocade box away with one strike. This is clearly telling me to get the hell out! Pass down my order: assemble the army and lead the troops to attack Yingtian Prefecture! This subordinate obeys. After ten days of mobilization and preparation, Zhu Chenhao’s army finally launched its attack on Ying- tian City. Attack the city! Whoever takes the enemy general’s head first will be rewarded and promoted to Senior General! The soldiers immediately charged to storm the city. Some used ladders to climb the walls, while others used wooden battering rams to smash the gates. Standing atop the city wall, Wang Shouren raised his hand and shouted, You traitorous rebels, taste the new weapon forged by His Majesty, Martial Emperor of Great Qin—the great cannon! Prepare to fire! Following the order, a barrage of iron bombs shot from the cannon muzzles, aimed straight at the enemy troops below the walls. Boom, boom, boom—continuous explosions rang out. Anyone unlucky enough not to dodge in time was blown straight to the afterlife. Zhu Chenhao was scared out of his wits. Th-this... what kind of weapon is this? Impossible! Since when did the court possess such a weapon? How come I knew nothing about it? Your Highness, this weapon’s power is extraordinary. We should withdraw first. The old man did not hesitate and immediately gave the order to retreat. His officers and soldiers instantly turned and fled in panic. Wang Shouren snorted in disdain. I only gave you a light taste, and you’re already retreating? And you still want to escape with your whole body intact? What wishful thinking. Firebird troops, prepare to attack. Another rumbling roar rang out, and flames billowed everywhere, terrifying the warhorses into frantic screams. From above, the Firebird troops circled across the sky, flying while dropping explosives onto Prince Ning’s army below. So many strange weapons have appeared all at once—there must be some expert advising them from behind the scenes. Your Highness, let us retreat to our main camp in Hannan first, then make long-term plans to deal with them. Fine. Order the army to withdraw. Investigate exactly what is going on for me. Wang Shouren watched the rebels flee so fast they were nearly losing their pants and laughed gleefully. His Majesty the Martial Emperor is truly unfathomable. The real show is still yet to come. After many days of marching, Zhu Chenhao’s army was completely worn out—some starving, others exhausted, morale at rock bottom. Although they finally reached Ganzhou, with spirits like this, how could they possibly keep fighting? They thought they would finally be able to rest and recover, but even in his dreams Zhu Chenhao could never have imagined that the city gates would be tightly shut. One of his generals shouted, Open the gates at once! His Highness has returned! Standing atop the wall with his two little beauties, Ying Qi could not help mocking inwardly, Your house got stolen and you didn’t even know it. With brains like that, you still dared to rebel? Zhu Chenhao, I’ve been waiting here for you for a long time. Y-you... could it be... you are Ying Qi? That’s right, old man. I am Ying Qi, commander-in-chief under the Martial Emperor of Great Qin. Today, you won’t die an unjust death. Ying Qi immediately ordered his tall, stinky-but-not-dark subordinate Bai Chi to lead five hundred brothers charging out. Holy hell, it’s the Manchus! Where did so many Manchus come from? Hahaha, the northern Manchu tribes have already been subdued by me, Ying Qi. If you surrender now and submit, I’ll let you die with your corpse intact. Zhu Chenhao burst into laughter. Hahaha, you brat whose milk teeth still stink, do you really think this is enough to defeat this prince? He immediately ordered his death warriors to charge and deal with Bai Chi’s men. Every one of those death warriors was overflowing with power. Their martial cultivation had all reached the peak of Grandmaster, and they glared fiercely at the prey before them. Xuan Yue cried out in shock, I heard that Prince Ning raised a group of death warriors, each one at peak Grandmaster. So it wasn’t just a rumor. So many peak Grandmasters appearing at once—we must not underestimate them. Ying Qi ordered the little prince Bai Chi to charge first and exchange a few moves with those death warriors. Bai Chi excitedly entered berserk mode at once, gripping his blade as he rushed up. I’m going to chop off your head and let my master use it as a drinking cup! Instead of fighting individually, Zhu Chenhao used a coordinated joint attack. With one strike, carrying the combined power of seven peak Grandmasters and one Celestial-Human realm expert, the elder easily sent Bai Chi flying. His aura kept rising, tearing apart his clothes and revealing an incredibly muscular body. You little brat whose mouth still reeks of milk—if you dare fight this prince, there is only one road, and that is death. The Great Ming under Heaven will ultimately belong to this prince. Now I’ll take your dog life! He gathered all his strength into his palm and struck straight at Ying Qi. Xuan Yue immediately called for Ling Xing, and the two joined forces to block it. Both of them used everything they had to resist, but were quickly struck seriously injured by that palm force, flying backward as blood poured from their mouths. Ying Qi was instantly enraged. You old bastard, how dare you hurt my two new girls! Dun Ruo, is the Spirit-Severing Arrow ready yet? Reporting to Your Majesty, the Spirit-Severing Arrow is ready. Good. Shoot that damn old dog for me. The Spirit-Severing Arrow squad immediately took position, channeling martial power into the arrowheads before unleashing a crazed volley at Zhu Chenhao. Hmph, these trivial things can’t possibly hurt this prince. Oh? Trivial things? Then let this old man experience the might of these trivial things. The moment the arrows pierced the ground, spiritual power erupted and formed a Spirit-Severing Array. Old Zhu Chenhao was bewildered. What is this? Our cultivation is disappearing. Inside my Spirit-Severing Array, no matter how high your cultivation is, you won’t be able to use it. All troops, hear my command—kill every last one of these rebels! With Ying Qi’s order, Bai Chi led his men in a charge, killing as they went. Kill! Kill! Zhu Chenhao was thrown into utter panic. Impossible... impossible! The general beside him kept shouting, Protect His Highness! Full army, retreat! But retreat? In your dreams. Because now it wasn’t only Bai Chi’s army closing in—Wang Shouren’s troops were also surging over. Kill the rebel army! Charge! What? We’ve been surrounded! The soldier from Zhu Chenhao’s side had barely finished speaking before he dropped dead on the spot. Ying Qi, together with his two cold-faced beauties, strode forward. Got any last words? Say them. Zhu Chenhao now looked like a trapped beast waiting to be carved into seven dishes. Trembling, he stammered, Impossible... He had barely spoken when Ying Qi’s sword point was already right before his face. With one swift slash, Ying Qi’s blade cleanly severed Zhu Chenhao’s head. Prince Ning has been killed! Lay down your arms and surrender, and I will spare you from guilt! The soldiers panicked and muttered in confusion, His Highness is dead! His Highness is dead! Prince Ning is dead! Prince Ning is dead! They immediately bowed their heads and submitted to His Majesty the Martial Emperor of Great Qin. Divine might! His Majesty the Martial Emperor is awe-inspiring! The Great Ming soldiers also shouted along. Divine might! His Majesty the Martial Emperor is awe-inspiring! In the world of Great Qin, in Xianyang, a soldier was hurriedly rushing in with an urgent report. Reporting to the First Emperor, a band of rebels is advancing toward Hangu Pass. Their number exceeds ten thousand. Ying Zheng exclaimed in shock, What? Where did these tens of thousands of rebels come from? Reporting to the First Emperor, they bear the banner of Chu and Han. Judging from their clothing, they are rebel forces from Chu territory. The gathered ministers were horrified and anxious. What do we do now? Rebels from Chu are attacking Hangu Pass? His Majesty the Martial Emperor has been missing for so long—this time things are truly dire. Ying Zheng calmed them and told them to shut their mouths. Transmit my decree. Order Meng Tian and Li Mu to serve as left and right generals, leading the five great commanders to Hangu Pass to suppress the rebels. Let all my ministers attend to their own duties. Do not throw yourselves into chaos. The ministers immediately bowed. We respectfully obey the First Emperor’s decree. Ying Zheng turned and asked Li Qing, Still no news of Qi’er? Reporting to the First Emperor, there is still no news. Ying Zheng immediately ordered Li Qing, Gather all martial experts and grandmasters of formations, and think of a way to contact Qi’er. This minister obeys. Ying Zheng’s face was extremely grave, filled with worry. Something must have happened to Qi’er. At that very same time, in the world of Great Ming, Ying Qi was feeling extremely irritated. Damn it, why isn’t the system done repairing yet? The system just kept making its notification sounds. Congratulations, Host, for completing System Mission Number Two. Congratulations, Host, for completing System Mission Number Three. The system’s recovery progress is now at 70%. Ying Qi thought gloomily, Don’t tell me I still have to complete more missions? Just then, the ministers came in again, saying they had matters to report. Ying Qi said, What is it? Grand Secretary Yang, come in and speak. Reporting to Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, now that the wars in both north and south have been pacified, the nation cannot remain without a ruler for a single day. The realm cannot go one day without an emperor. This subject earnestly beseeches Your Majesty the Martial Emperor to inherit the legitimate rule of our Great Ming as soon as possible and ascend the throne as Emperor of Great Ming. Ying Qi gaped. Huh? You want me to ascend the throne? What kind of joke is this? I still have to find a way back to my own Great Qin world. Suddenly, the system issued Mission Four: The New King Ascends the Throne—assist Zhu Houtong in ascending the throne. Holy crap, the new king ascending the throne? This mission came at the perfect time. Ying Qi cleared his throat and asked, Who is Great Ming’s current Crown Prince? Reporting to the Martial Emperor, Great Ming currently has no Crown Prince. The late Emperor Ming Wuzong left no descendants. Damn, no children? Then this is troublesome. Let me think. In Ming history, Emperor Ming Wuzong, Zhu Houzhao, had no descendants, and Zhu Houtong later ascended the throne as the Jiajing Emperor. This man was Zhu Houzhao’s cousin. Ying Qi immediately ordered that Zhu Houtong should inherit the throne, and the ministers were shocked upon hearing it. Your Majesty means the son of Prince Xing? Zhu Houtong? No, that won’t do. It absolutely won’t do. Ying Qi asked in confusion, Why won’t it do? One of the ministers immediately answered, Because the son of Prince Xing has already left home and become a Daoist priest. Damn it, he became a Daoist priest? Ying Qi immediately ordered someone to take him to the western outskirts of the Forbidden City. The young Daoist standing before him was Zhu Houtong. One of the ministers explained, This is Crown Prince Zhu Houtong, heir to Prince Xing. He devotes himself only to the Dao. Ying Qi didn’t believe it. Devotes himself only to the Dao? Are you saying even if I told him to become emperor, he still wouldn’t do it? Ying Qi stepped forward and asked, You are Zhu Houtong? The man replied calmly, May I ask what business brings these fellow Daoists to my humble temple? Ying Qi told him to stop being a Daoist and come with him—he would let him inherit the throne and become emperor. The man smiled and said he must be joking. The former heir of Prince Xing no longer existed. Now this poor Daoist only cultivates the Dao, researches Daoist methods, and studies alchemy. He then ordered his disciple to bring over some Energy-Boosting Pills he had recently refined and present them to Ying Qi’s group as a farewell gift. Ying Qi thought to himself, This old man really is set on being a Daoist. Looks like I’ll have to think of another way. Taking the pill Zhu Houtong offered, Ying Qi said disdainfully, This is just trash. It’s not even low-grade. Tell him that even the pills I use to feed my pets are of a higher grade. Naturally, he refused to believe it and immediately rebuked him. Who are you, to spout such wild nonsense? This pill may not be top-grade, but in all of Great Ming there are only a few who can refine it. And yet you dare call it trash? Trash is trash. Open your eyes wide and look at this pill in my hand. This Nine-Turn Ascending Dragon Pill is what I normally use to feed my pets. I was in a good mood riding my Blood Tiger, so I’ll reward you with one. The moment he saw it, he was utterly shaken. Th-this is a high-grade Profound-rank pill. I never imagined that someone in this world could refine such a pill. He hurriedly knelt and begged Ying Qi to teach him alchemy, pleading earnestly. Immortal Lord, please impart to this disciple the method of pill refinement. Ying Qi said it wasn’t impossible to teach him. If you want to learn, then follow me. But I do not casually accept disciples. Overjoyed, he kept kowtowing in thanks. Thank you, Immortal Lord, thank you, Immortal Lord. Ying Qi laughed to himself. Heh heh, if I didn’t show a little real skill, I really couldn’t have handled this old man. A short while later, Ying Qi had brought Zhu Houtong to Jiaotai Hall. He kept kowtowing in gratitude. Thank you, Immortal Lord, for granting this disciple fulfillment. Thank you, Immortal Lord. Since the day I was born, this is the first time I’ve seen such a huge pill furnace. Don’t thank me yet. I still have something I need you to do. Please instruct this disciple, Immortal Lord. It’s simple. You only need to obediently ascend the throne and inherit the position of emperor. After that, I will bestow upon you the formula for refining the high-grade pill in my hand. At the same time, I will periodically come to inspect your pill-refining results. He accepted the alchemy formula in great delight. This disciple will respectfully obey the teachings of the Immortal Lord. Grand Secretary Yang, prepare and arrange the enthronement ceremony of the new emperor. This subject will do so at once. Zhu Houtong then solemnly proclaimed the edict: “Unworthy though I am, lacking virtue and talent to continue the grand enterprise, today Zhu Houtong, heir of Prince Xing, inherits the great mandate and ascends the throne as emperor, with the reign title Jiajing.” The assembled ministers cried out in unison: Congratulations, Your Majesty, on inheriting the great mandate. Long live the Emperor! Long live! Long live! Rise, my ministers. From this day forth, you must all carefully obey the will of the Martial Emperor of Great Qin, the Immortal Lord. Hearing Zhu Houtong recite that absurdly long title, Ying Qi muttered to himself, Damn, what kind of ridiculously long title is that? Who the hell can even remember all that? The ministers replied, We respectfully obey the will of the Immortal Lord Martial Emperor. Ding. Congratulations, Host, on completing System Mission Number Four. The system is recovering. Ying Qi smiled in satisfaction. Finally, it’s settled. At the same time, at Hangu Pass in the world of Great Qin, Meng Ao was leading the generals and soldiers in meeting the enemy head-on. The two armies quickly closed in on each other, and Meng Ao gave the order to fire arrows. On the other side, Xiang Yu charged at the head of the three armies like a ferocious tiger, activating his martial power and knocking away every incoming arrow. Tyrannical Qin is cruel and without virtue—kill! Kill! Kill! Seeing Xiang Yu, Meng Ao could not help but be terrified. The Hegemon-King of Western Chu, Xiang Yu, is still alive? With just a single slash, Xiang Yu sent Meng Ao flying off his horse. Seriously wounded, Meng Ao crashed to the ground and spat out blood. Because of that, Great Qin’s soldiers also fell into a disadvantage and were quickly overwhelmed by Xiang Yu’s troops. The man in black immediately ordered Chen Sheng and Wu Guang to charge forward and slaughter Qin’s forces. The two instantly rushed out, dark power erupting from their bodies as their eyes turned blood-red with killing intent. Kill! Carry your hatred with you and slaughter as you please. Great Qin’s savior is no longer here. Kill every Qin man. At this time, Xiang Yu had already ridden his fierce beast all the way to the gates of Hangu Pass. The ground below was littered with the corpses of Great Qin soldiers. Standing atop the city wall, Li Mu ordered the soldiers to prepare fire arrows. At once, a rain of arrows packed with explosives shot down at Xiang Yu. Explosions thundered nonstop, but they did not faze Xiang Yu in the slightest, so monstrous was his toughness. Even Li Mu, seeing the enemy before him, could not help exclaiming in shock, What is this? Is this Xiang Yu a man or a ghost? Xiang Yu erupted with power and brought his sword down, smashing apart the city gate, while shouting, Destroy Heaven and Earth—slaughter tyrannical Qin! The gates were broken, and the rebel army poured in like a flood. Li Mu continued ordering volleys of arrows. We have received orders to guard Hangu Pass. We absolutely cannot let the traitors pass. Fire! The rain of explosive arrows continued to fall, but it could not stop the rebels’ overwhelming advance. Enraged, Li Mu personally leaped down to block the enemy. As long as this general is here, you traitors will never pass Hangu Pass! One landing strike empowered by martial force knocked down several fools who had recklessly charged straight into the city. I obey the orders of the Martial Emperor of Great Qin to protect Great Qin’s mountains and rivers. You rebels, retreat at once. Remnant of Western Chu, don’t even think of getting past me. Li Mu gathered all his power and brought his sword down at Xiang Yu. Xiang Yu casually raised his massive blade and met him head-on. Hmph, I’m a remnant? And you are nothing more than Ying Qi’s dog. Li Mu, you are a famous general of Zhao, yet you help Qin commit tyranny. Have you forgotten the more than four hundred thousand Zhao men slaughtered at Changping? The man in black immediately unleashed dark power and controlled more than four hundred thousand undead soldiers of Zhao. More than four hundred thousand men of Zhao, carry your resentment and go claim the lives of Qin men. Release your hatred to your heart’s content. The undead blazed with fury. Their minds held nothing but hatred and slaughter. Their lifeless eyes burned blood-red as they crazily advanced with spears, halberds, sabers, and swords. Kill the Qin dogs! Kill the Qin dogs! Kill the Qin dogs! Kill the Qin dogs! Li Mu was horrified, his voice beginning to tremble. These are the Zhao soldiers who were killed in the Battle of Changping back then. Have they been revived? By this point, Li Mu had fallen into panic. He dropped to his knees on the ground, no longer even having the strength to hold his sword. His mouth kept muttering, “Am I still a man of Zhao? Am I a man of Qin?” Faced with the sight of more than four hundred thousand Zhao soldiers clawing their way out of their graves, Li Mu was in utter confusion, as if on the verge of madness. He had thought he was doomed to die here today, but with a thunderous boom, countless undead were annihilated. The morale of Great Qin’s soldiers surged as they shouted excitedly, “It’s the Lingxiao Sword! His Majesty the Martial Emperor has returned!” After throwing the Lingxiao Sword to save Li Mu, Ying Qi roared, “The Martial Emperor of Great Qin is here! Whoever offends Great Qin shall be killed without mercy! Killed without mercy!” “Ohhh! His Majesty the Martial Emperor is mighty! Kill! Kill! Kill!” The man in black was utterly shocked and blurted out, “How could it be this fast? He already broke my seal?” Ying Qi reached out and gripped the Lingxiao Sword that was deeply embedded in the ground, then yanked it free with force. Leaping high into the air, he unleashed countless sword strikes at the undead horde. Xiang Yu rushed up from behind with his sword raised at Ying Qi. “The grudge of Chu’s destruction—I’ll settle it with you today!” Ying Qi shot him a furious glance. “Xiang Yu!” “You lingering ghost—what abandoned grave did you crawl out of this time? Qin dog Ying Qi, do you think you can do whatever you want? Today, I and these four hundred thousand men of Zhao have come to take your life!” A sinister power erupted from Xiang Yu’s body. The sword he brought down was filled with boundless hatred. Ying Qi raised the Lingxiao Sword to block it and shouted, “Take my life?” The surrounding air was bleak and thick with murderous intent. The undead kept roaring the same slogan: “Kill the Qin dogs and wash away the hatred of Changping! Kill the Qin dogs and wash away the hatred of Changping!” After a brief clash, Ying Qi and Xiang Yu both leapt backward. “A defeated general, a wandering ghost. And that alone makes you think you can take my life and avenge Changping? If that’s the case, then I’ll grant your wish.” “I’ll make you die one more time.” Ying Qi quickly gathered spiritual power in his palm. A swirling blue force appeared, and then the God of Slaughter, Bai Qi, was summoned. “You lone ghosts of Zhao actually dare to seek his life?” The undead soldiers gaped in terror and cried out, “It’s the human butcher Bai Qi, Lord Wu’an of Great Qin!” The God of Slaughter Bai Qi’s eyes shone like twin headlights, bursting with horrifying killing intent. “You dared offend my lord. Your crime is unforgivable.” His long spear swept down, blasting countless enemies away. They fled in terror. “Aaah! It’s the God of Slaughter Bai Qi!” “By my lord’s command, I shall slay all you wandering souls.” Bai Qi madly swung his spear at the undead before him. The army of Qin also surged forward to join the battle and exterminate the rebels. Seeing that the situation had turned unfavorable, one rebel suggested retreating first. “Go. Looks like we won’t be able to break Hangu Pass today.” The one beside him immediately agreed. “Of the thirty-six stratagems, retreat is the best.” While the God of Slaughter Bai Qi swept through the undead, Ying Qi took on the task of attacking Xiang Yu. Their battle was still fierce, but with all the brilliance of a protagonist, Ying Qi soon drove his sword point straight into Xiang Yu’s chest. But with Xiang Yu’s monstrous toughness, that barely fazed him. “Ying Qi, you can’t kill me.” If stabbing him did nothing, then he’d kick him. Ying Qi instantly lashed out with a kick and sent him flying hard into the mountain ahead. “Whoever violates Hangu Pass must pay the price.” After taking that devastating kick head-on, Xiang Yu was buried under earth and rock, with only his head still exposed. He looked dead, though no one could tell whether he had truly died or not. Ying Qi ordered Qin’s elite warriors to kill the rebels and wipe out the enemy remnants. Great Qin’s officers and soldiers burned with fighting spirit. “Kill! Kill! Kill the rebels! Eliminate the enemy remnants!” They charged forward in a flood, cutting down anything they touched, fighting to the bloody end. Standing atop a high cliff and looking down, the man in armor said, “We’ve failed. Ying Qi’s strength is truly terrifying.” The man in black replied, “Don’t be hasty. Destroy Qin and revive Han—the game has only just begun. We’ll take it slowly.” After suppressing the rebels, Ying Qi hurried back to Xianyang City. Inside the imperial palace, Ying Zheng was overjoyed to see his beloved son return. “Royal Father, your son has made you worry.” Hearing his son say that, Ying Zheng could only laugh bitterly to himself. More than worry? You nearly scared your old father to death. The officials also hurriedly cupped their hands in salute. “We congratulate Your Majesty on your return.” “Qi’er, why were you gone so long this time without any news at all? You must have run into some kind of accident, didn’t you?” Ying Qi did not hide it. “This trip to another world was indeed extremely dangerous. My cultivation was sealed by someone.” Ying Zheng cried out in shock, “What? Your cultivation was sealed? A great enemy? Who was it?” Ying Qi answered, “That’s right. Fortunately, the seal has now been lifted, but this time I encountered a formidable enemy unlike any before. I still don’t know his identity. Right now, I must find him and determine what scheme he is plotting. By the way, during the time I was away, were there any unusual disturbances near Pengcheng?” “Your Majesty, recently there have been more strange beasts attacking the people in Dazexiang, and many bandits have appeared as well. There has been nothing major near Pengcheng. Only in the county jail of Pei County, a bandit escaped.” Ying Qi asked, “What is the name of that escaped bandit?” “Your Majesty, his name is Liu Ji.” Ying Qi shouted in alarm, “What? Liu Bang escaped?” The scene shifted to Epang Palace. The moment Yuan’er heard that her beloved had returned, she ran out joyfully to greet him. “Brother Qi, Brother Qi, you’ve finally come back. I was so afraid, afraid I’d never see you again.” Ying Qi pulled his wife into his arms and soothed her. “Yuan’er, it’s all right now. You’re already the Empress—why are you still such a crybaby?” “Brother Qi, it’s enough that you came back safely.” Ying Zheng turned and gently reminded them, “You young couple, Qi’er and Xi’er are both watching. The two of you shouldn’t be so lovey-dovey.” Hearing that, the two stopped hugging and switched to holding hands. At that moment, Ying Qi’s two children knelt to pay their respects. “Your children greet Imperial Father.” Ying Qi sat down and reached out to stroke their heads. “Qi’er and Xi’er have already grown this much?” “Imperial Father, Ying Xi misses you very much. Did you bring me a gift?” Ah, what a filial child—one second saying he missed his father, the next already asking for presents, haha. After hearing her son say that, Yuan’er put her hands on her hips and chided him playfully, “You just met your Imperial Father and you’re already asking him for gifts?” Standing nearby, Ying Zheng laughed heartily. Dong’er also said gently, “A banquet has already been prepared in the palace. It’s been a long time since our whole family sat down together for a meal.” They quickly entered the dining hall for the banquet. Ying Zheng raised his wine cup. “Come, Qi’er. For your safe and triumphant return this time, and for Great Qin once more expanding its eternal foundation, I drink to you.” “Thank you, Royal Father. As your son said before, going to another world made me realize that a certain power truly exists. I fear our world of Great Qin may no longer remain peaceful in the future.” “Qi’er, no matter what kind of enemy it is, father and son will face it together for Great Qin.” “Royal Father, your son has a question. If, hypothetically, I were to meet with misfortune and fail to return, how would Royal Father deal with it?” “Qi’er, what nonsense are you talking about? You are blessed by heaven—how could you meet with misfortune?” “Royal Father, I’m only speaking hypothetically.” Ying Zheng narrowed his eyes and closed them, thinking carefully about his son’s difficult question. After a moment, he replied firmly, “If Qi’er were truly to suffer misfortune, your father would take control of the state, devote everything to cultivating Xi’er until he has the ability to govern the country, while strengthening Great Qin’s national power, and even shattering the world of the myriad heavens. Even if I must exhaust all the strength of Great Qin and overturn heaven and earth and all living beings, I will still bring Qi’er back.” What a line: if heaven and earth are destroyed, then all living beings perish. “Royal Father, no matter how powerful the enemy Great Qin faces this time, father and son will surely join forces to strike.” “Okay, my son.” Ying Xi also piped up, “And your son too! I will also slaughter all enemies for Imperial Father and Imperial Grandfather!” Seeing that his son was still so young yet spoke with such boldness, Ying Qi laughed encouragingly. “Haha, good, very good.” After the banquet ended, Ying Qi returned to his room and opened the system. “This battle brought unexpected trouble, but the system rewards really are rather generous.” The system’s voice rang out nonstop. “Ding! Congratulations, Host, for advancing to level 47. Ding! Congratulations, Host, for advancing to level 48. Ding! Congratulations, Host, for advancing to level 49. Ding! Congratulations, Host, for advancing to level 50. Ding! Congratulations, Host, for advancing to level 51. Ding! Congratulations, Host, for reaching the first layer of the Po Sui Realm.” At that moment, Ying Qi’s entire body brimmed with power. The young man laughed wildly in delight. “Haha! In one month I reached level 51 and broke through into the Sui Realm. Ding! Congratulations, Host, for obtaining the low-grade Heaven-tier martial skill: Phantom Demon Clone.” “Congratulations, Host, for obtaining 5,000 top-grade spirit stones. Congratulations, Host, for obtaining 10 bottles of Life-Renewing Pills, high-grade Earth-tier medicinal pills. Congratulations, Host, for obtaining Green Lotus Karmic Flame, a low-grade Heaven-tier martial skill. Congratulations, Host, for obtaining the pill formula for the Life-Renewing Pill, a high-grade Earth-tier medicinal pill. Congratulations, Host, for obtaining 50,000 mid-grade spirit stones.” Looking at the dazzling pile of treasures before him, Ying Qi was even happier than reuniting with the two little lovers he had met in the Great Ming world. “So many treasures! This time I’ve really made a killing, hehe. The Green Lotus Karmic Flame can exchange power with the void spirit. With this martial skill, I can destroy heaven and earth.” While he was immersed in the items the system had granted him, a subordinate suddenly entered with an urgent report. “Your Majesty, there is urgent military intelligence!” “Urgent military intelligence? Report at once.” “Your Majesty, in the east by the Liao River, a large number of demonic men from Xiematai have appeared and are slaughtering the people of Great Qin at will.” Ying Qi was startled. “Demonic men from Xiematai?” “Yes, Your Majesty. Because this group of bandits is skilled in using demonic arts, the people there all call them that.” “Transmit my order: tell Du Ruo to gather the Shadow Unit and follow me to Liaodong to deal with these demon folk.” “This subject obeys the decree.” The scene shifted to the east of the Liao River. A great many Xiematai demon men were charging in with spears and halberds, slaughtering Great Qin’s people. The villagers cried out in terror as they fled. “Run! The Xiematai demon men are here!” At that very moment, a group of Qin soldiers appeared and shouted, “What kind of bandits dare slaughter the people of Great Qin and invade Great Qin?” Seeing the soldiers of Qin, the villagers were overjoyed and gradually calmed down. One villager warned them, “Quick, kill all these demon men! These demon men know demonic arts!” The soldiers of Great Qin rushed in and cut down the demon men one by one. “Whoever offends Great Qin has only death awaiting them!” Suddenly, a demon woman appeared. One glance was enough to tell that her aura was extremely powerful. In her left hand she held a long black cord, and in her right, a ring of bells. She shouted, “Death? You people of Qin have never understood the true meaning of death.” She slowly approached the Qin soldiers, then raised the bell ring and shook it, casting a secret art. Instantly, streams of dark power flew out from the bell ring and merged into the corpses of the Xiematai demon men who had just been killed by the Qin troops. “Rise, servants of death. Hear death’s summons.” The Qin soldiers gaped in shock. “Th-this... what kind of demonic art is this?” The Xiematai demon men immediately sat bolt upright. Their pupils were no longer their normal black, but blood-red instead. Their teeth grew long and sharp, and only eerie howling sounds came from their mouths. Like bloodthirsty monsters, they lunged forward, biting and tearing, swinging their spears and halberds at the Qin soldiers. Several Qin soldiers screamed in horror, “How is this possible? It’s demonic sorcery!” Very quickly, those Xiematai demon men killed the entire Qin squad. Standing on a ship and looking toward the battlefield, Liu Bang could not help but praise the man in black. “Honored Envoy, your calculations are truly divine. These Qin soldiers were no match at all.” The man in black merely said, “The real show is yet to come. I believe Ying Qi will arrive very soon. We should also leave now.” Liu Bang asked why they didn’t take the chance to kill Ying Qi. “If he could be killed that easily, he would not be Ying Qi. Return to Shandong and prepare men and horses. I have my own plan.” Liu Bang answered with a delighted grin, “Good.” Returning to the battlefield, the demon woman was still murmuring her incantation. “Hear death’s summons.” Several more Xiematai demon men suddenly opened their eyes and sat upright. They fixed their blood-red eyes and hungry mouths on the remaining villagers. A villager held his child tightly in his arms in terror, crying out, “Demonic sorcery!” Just as the sickle of a Xiematai demon man slashed down toward the father and child, a streak of golden light shot over and pierced straight through the demon man’s body. The one who had struck was Ying Qi. “Whoever dares harm the people of Great Qin shall be killed without mercy.” Ying Qi thought to himself, It’s that ghost-path technique of the dead rising again. The young man quickly ordered the soldiers to use the power of martial arts to smash these half-dead creatures to pieces. The soldiers immediately obeyed. Two soldiers nearby joined forces at once and unleashed martial power, blasting apart a Xiematai demon man before them. Seeing her puppets killed by Ying Qi, the demon woman lashed out angrily with her cord. “Die!” Ying Qi shouted furiously, “Insolence!” Then he swung his sword at her. So that was all—she only had a strong aura and a foul mouth. Ying Qi’s sword strike slashed directly across her back, sending her tumbling across the ground. She immediately raised her head and asked, “Y-you are Ying Qi?” “That’s right. I do not wish to kill a woman. As long as you tell me your origins, I promise I won’t kill you.” She sprang up and shouted, “I am the chief maidservant of Her Majesty, the Queen of Heaven’s Illumination of Xiematai!” Along with that declaration, a powerful force burst forth, dazzling Ying Qi’s eyes. When the dust cleared, that maidservant had already jumped into the sea. “Go back and tell that queen of yours this: if she submits to Great Qin, I will spare her life.” “Emperor of Great Qin, if you have the ability, then come to our Xiematai. Our Queen has been waiting a long time.” With that, the maidservant swam straight toward Xiematai Island. Du Ruo asked Ying Qi whether they should pursue into the sea, but Ying Qi said they should not. “The cavalry of Great Qin is not skilled in naval warfare. We cannot rashly put out to sea.” In the blink of an eye, five days had passed. By then, Ying Qi had assembled an elite force along with a number of warships. He ordered the soldiers to raise the sails and head out to sea. Seeing the warships, the villagers could not help marveling. “What enormous ships!” “Exactly. I’ve never seen such large ships before.” Standing on the deck, Ying Qi gazed into the distance and said with feeling, “The armies of Great Qin are not skilled in naval warfare. Luckily, I brought back the blueprints for sailing ships from the Great Ming world. Otherwise, one big wave would have thrown us all into the sea to feed the fish.” “Your Majesty, everything has been arranged according to your instructions. Each ship has fishermen aboard to act as guides. We are advancing at full speed toward Xiematai Island.” “Mm, very good.” Very soon, Ying Qi’s army caught sight of Xiematai Island. One of the fishermen said, “At the current wind speed, we should reach Xiematai in less than two hours.” “Mm. I want to see for myself what kind of person this Queen of Xiematai is, the one rumored to know demonic arts.” The closer they drew, the denser the fog became. “Hm? What is this? Why has such a heavy fog suddenly risen?” The fisherman panicked and clutched his head. “Th-this is ghost fog. It’s the demon women—they’re about to arrive!” Ying Qi shouted for the soldiers to stay calm. “All troops, raise your guard!” The young man also seized the chance to draw his divine weapon. He gathered power into his sword and slashed straight ahead. The fog in the path of the sword strike immediately dispersed, revealing many sails. On each sail was painted a black-and-blue serpent. From afar, two female figures could easily be seen. The woman standing at the front with one hand on her hip, holding a whip, was none other than Her Majesty the Queen of Heaven’s Illumination. The fisherman pointed fearfully at the ships ahead and warned them, “It’s the demon women! The demon women are here!” Ying Qi immediately spoke to intimidate them. “I, Ying Qi, lord of Great Qin. You women have disturbed the people of my Great Qin. Submit now, and I will spare you from death.” The Queen of Heaven’s Illumination immediately showed a look of interest. “Hm, Ying Qi. Interesting.” The maidservant behind her then said, “Our Queen is showing exceptional mercy. Ying Qi, if you are willing to become a male slave beneath our Queen’s throne, then Her Majesty will spare your life.” Ying Qi smiled mockingly. “What a pack of women who don’t know whether they live or die.” The young man quickly raised a hand in signal. Du Ruo instantly understood and ordered the soldiers, “Fire Dragon Arrows, launch!” At once, several heavy cannons were rolled out. All of them were aimed directly at the Xiematai fleet. The instant the order to fire was given, they immediately launched, striking the ships ahead. Ying Qi laughed in satisfaction. “These demon folk surely have never seen my Fire Dragon Arrows before.” The fisherman was so frightened his face turned pale, and he had to clamp both hands over his ears. “That heavenly thunder is too loud! It’s making me go deaf!” Ying Qi immediately ordered the whole army to charge ahead at full speed. “Prepare the Fire Dragon Arrows! Wipe out these demon women in one stroke!” “Yes, Your Majesty!” As for the Queen of Heaven’s Illumination, after seeing the power of the Fire Dragon Arrows, she not only showed no fear, but even a trace of regret. “It seems the people of Great Qin do have some ability. Isn’t it a bit of a pity for them to become fish food just like this? Very well, return to the island.” The maidservant bowed and replied, “Yes, Your Majesty.” Then she raised a flute topped with a skull and began to play. Streams of dark spiritual power poured continuously from the skull’s mouth. Very quickly, the fog became thick again. Du Ruo exclaimed in shock, “The fog is rising again! The enemy ships have disappeared!” The sound of the flute had also reached Ying Qi’s ears by then. Ying Qi asked in confusion, “Fisherman, what sound is that?” The man replied, “It’s... it’s the cry of the sea demon.” He shouted in agitation, “It’s the cry of the sea demon! Run! The sea monster is coming!” Without the slightest hesitation, he jumped into the sea to flee first. “The fog is too thick! Hurry and pull him up!” From the spot where the fisherman had jumped, huge waves began to rise on the sea surface. Vortices appeared one after another, wrapping around the fisherman. He screamed shrilly, “Aaah! Save me! Save me!” Ying Qi was inwardly shocked: What is this? That vortex is enormous. Could it be that Queen of Heaven's Illumination is behind this? Ying Qi ordered the entire army to channel their martial power and steady the ships. But the instant he gave the order, an enormous sea monster suddenly shot up from the deep sea below and smashed straight through the surface, shattering Ying Qi's fleet of sailing ships. That collision not only reduced the ships to splinters of wood, it also sent Ying Qi and his elite troops flying into the air. The Great Qin soldiers panicked and cried out for help. Help! Save us! In just a few blinks, all of Qin's troops had fallen into the deep sea. Only Ying Qi remained, borrowing force from the floating wreckage to move across the water's surface. I didn't expect that demoness to have tamed such a giant sea whale. Furious, Ying Qi leaped high into the air. With divine weapon in hand, he plunged straight down at the sea monster. You beast, how dare you play tricks! With a sharp thud, the divine weapon sank deep into its head. In pain, it let out a frenzied roar, creating huge waves as a massive whirlpool formed without end. It swept up the Great Qin soldiers, and they shouted to one another, Swim faster! Stay away from the vortex! Save us! Save us! We're about to be sucked in! Balancing himself atop a small plank of wood, Ying Qi ordered Du Ruo to go rescue the soldiers who had fallen into the sea. Leave this beast to me. Du Ruo could only acknowledge the order. As for the sea monster, it was already wounded. Blood poured from the sword wound like a spring, staining an entire section of the sea red as it struggled desperately to flee. Ying Qi roared in fury, You beast, you think you can still run? The young emperor immediately leaped high and charged straight toward the monster. Let's see where you think you're going. In the blink of an eye, Ying Qi landed on the sea monster's back. He reached out and grabbed the divine weapon, then yanked it violently from the creature's head. The pain from the wound hit all at once, driving the sea monster mad. It slammed its tail against the water, making the sea tremble continuously. The seawater surged high and crashed in waves against the nearby rocks. A short while later, the sea monster had carried Ying Qi to Xiematai Island. Beast, I'll spare your life. Run while you can. As soon as he finished speaking, the young emperor leaped off the creature's body and landed directly on the island. The female soldiers of Xiematai saw Ying Qi and immediately formed an encirclement, pointing their spears at him. A bunch of foreign women who don't know whether to live or die. If you still refuse to submit obediently, I'll burn this desolate island of yours to ashes with a single flame. Ying Qi did not waste another word. He directly summoned the Green Lotus Karmic Flame. The female soldiers of Xiematai could only raise their arms to shield their eyes, because the heat of the Green Lotus Karmic Flame was far too terrifying. At that very moment, the Chief Maidservant of the Queen of Heaven's Illumination appeared. She called out, Ying Qi, please calm your anger. Master of Great Qin, Her Majesty the Queen invites you into the palace. Ying Qi frowned and thought to himself, She's suddenly being this polite and courteous? Just what medicine is this queen selling? Seeing that Ying Qi remained silent and did not reply, the maidservant provoked him, saying, Could it be that the Lord of Great Qin doesn't dare meet our queen? Ying Qi sneered. Ridiculous. Even a dragon's pool or tiger's den is as flat ground to me. Lead the way. The maidservant then gestured for Ying Qi to follow her. Very soon, Ying Qi was brought before the Queen of Heaven's Illumination. What met his eyes was the sight of strong men forced to labor brutally, their status so low they could only serve as slaves and attendants, while women held power and beat and commanded them as they pleased. The women of Xiematai were supervising male slaves building warships. The maidservant pointed ahead and introduced, That is Her Majesty's palace. Around them rang the unending shouts and curses of Xiematai's female soldiers. Move! Hurry up! This ship must be finished before sunset! As she spoke, one of them swung a whip across a male slave's back. Ying Qi could not help but stare in astonishment. Seeing this, the maidservant smiled brightly and said, Don't be surprised, Ying Qi. In Xiematai, men are slaves forever. Ying Qi was taken aback. Men are slaves for all eternity? She smiled and urged him on. Our queen is waiting for you inside the palace, Lord of Great Qin. Please follow me. Ying Qi said nothing more and stepped inside. The moment he entered, he saw a stunning woman dressed entirely in red, seated solemnly and majestically upon a great chair. The maidservant quickly bowed and said to the queen, Your Majesty, the Lord of Great Qin has arrived. Ying Qi did not bother with formalities and got straight to the point. Pointing at her, he shouted, I'm here. What trick are you trying to play? A mere island ruler dares call herself queen. If you do not submit to Great Qin, I will burn this little island of yours to the ground today. The queen rose to her feet and ordered her subordinates to withdraw. At your command. The female soldiers and the maidservant bowed in acknowledgment and withdrew. Now only Ying Qi remained inside, standing face-to-face with the beautiful queen. She touched her delicate chin with one finger and looked at him intently. You are the Lord of Great Qin. I am the Queen of Heaven's Illumination. Let us make a deal. Xiematai will submit to Great Qin. Oh? And what deal do you want? Stay here and become this queen's pet slave. Ying Qi instantly flared with rage, but before he could act, he was struck by the queen's sorcery. Countless red tentacles appeared and coiled tightly around his body. Gritting his teeth, the young emperor said, This is... Ying Qi activated his martial power and drew his divine sword, slashing the tentacles to pieces. The Queen of Heaven's Illumination continued casting her spell. Become this queen's pet slave. At that moment, before Ying Qi's eyes there was not just one queen, but two of them, both doing everything they could to seduce and tempt him. Ying Qi's face twisted in irritation. So this is your sorcery, Queen? A petty little trick. And with this you think you can bewitch me? Ying Qi drove his divine sword hard into the floor, and streams of spiritual power burst forth continuously, shattering the Queen of Heaven's Illumination's sorcery. Enraged, the young emperor seized the queen by the throat and lifted her into the air. I truly do not wish to kill women, especially not a beautiful one as alluring as you. Even though she had fallen into a disadvantageous position, she still refused to yield, and even threatened him in return. This queen has already cast the spell. If in this life you do not become my man, then every woman of Xiematai and all their descendants will remain eternal enemies of Great Qin, and the feud will not end until one side dies. What kind of sorcery is that? This woman really was hard to deal with. Knowing he could not kill her, Ying Qi had no choice but to release her throat. Rubbing her chest, the Queen of Heaven's Illumination proposed that both of them take a step back. Take me back to Great Qin and make me your empress, and the queens of Xiematai will submit to Great Qin for all eternity. Ying Qi was stunned. You want to be my empress? That won't do. I already have an empress in my palace. Even knowing this, the Queen of Heaven's Illumination did not mind in the least. I've heard that emperors of the Central Plains have many wives and countless consorts, so this queen does not care. As long as you become my man, then everything will be perfectly fine. In the Central Plains, don't you call this a marriage alliance? Ying Qi flushed red and said helplessly, You even know about that? After that, the young emperor stressed that for the sake of the greater situation, he would temporarily agree to her condition. The Queen of Heaven's Illumination happily agreed, then waved her hand and ordered her subordinates, Starting today, Xiematai shall submit to Great Qin. Let the whole island celebrate. Prepare wine and meat. Tonight, this queen will hold a wedding with the Lord of Great Qin. Seeing how eager she was to devour him, Ying Qi was horrified. What the hell? We're getting married tonight? The maidservants, having received the order, immediately bowed and congratulated their queen, and also congratulated Ying Qi, the Lord of Great Qin. In contrast to the queen's excited and eager expression, Ying Qi held his head in worry. I'm done for. Truly done for this time. How am I supposed to explain this to my wife after I get back? News of Ying Qi's marriage to the Queen of Heaven's Illumination quickly reached the Man in black and Liu Bang. Liu Bang exclaimed in shock, What? The queen is getting married? A soldier confirmed that the news was true. The island was already holding a feast, the atmosphere lively and the scene harmonious. Weren't we told she'd oppose Great Qin with us? How did it turn into a wedding the moment Ying Qi set foot on the island? The Man in black could only sigh and say, It seems we've lost this round again. Ying Qi, don't celebrate too early. After uttering that familiar line, he turned and left. Hearing this, Liu Bang asked him, Do you have another brilliant plan? He only said, Let's go. We need to leave this place at once. In the blink of an eye, ten days had passed. By then, Ying Qi had already returned to Xianyang. Seeing many foreign women, the people in the city asked one another, What happened? A young man nearby said softly, You still don't know? His Majesty the Martial Emperor has returned in triumph. He has conquered Xiematai, and after that he even brought the Queen of Heaven's Illumination into his harem. What the hell? Seriously? I heard the women of Xiematai all know demonic arts. So what if they do? What demonic art could stand against His Majesty the Martial Emperor? But come to think of it, ever since he ascended the throne, His Majesty has had only one empress in the harem. It really is time he took more women into the palace. Mm, you do have a point. As soon as Ying Qi returned to the palace, he rushed to explain everything clearly to Yuan'er. Listen to my explanation. Inside, Ying Qi was desperately trying to explain things to his wife, while outside, Ying Zheng, Dong'er, and their grandson stood there eavesdropping. Ying Xi asked Ying Zheng in confusion, Father and Mother are arguing? Ying Zheng gestured for his grandson to lower his voice. Dong'er told the child to go play with his younger sister instead. When you grow up, you'll understand adult matters. Inside the room, Ying Qi still looked nervous as he explained to Yuan'er, Beloved Yuan'er, things happened that way because I truly had to consider the bigger picture. Seeing her son explain himself again and again while her daughter-in-law remained silent, Dong'er spoke up in his defense. Yuan'er, you must understand Qi'er. No matter what, he is the Lord of Great Qin. Some matters are simply beyond his control. Mother is right. I really had no choice. Yuan'er asked coldly, Did you truly have no choice? At Yuan'er's question, the atmosphere became even more tense. Seeing how frightened and helpless Ying Qi looked, Yuan'er suddenly burst into laughter. Hehe, look how scared you are. Of course I know your heart, Brother Qi. You're busy with state affairs all day, and I even thought there were too few sisters in the palace. Only then did the young emperor finally breathe a sigh of relief. My wife, you truly scared me to death. Yuan'er slowly stood up, then told Ying Qi, Why aren't you hurrying to bring your new sister-wife into the palace? I'm already looking forward to it. Hearing that, Ying Zheng stroked his chin and sighed. I never thought Qi'er, as the ruler of a nation, would be so afraid of his wife. Hmph. As if you aren't afraid of yours? That night, Ying Qi went and knocked on Yuan'er's door, hoping to stay with her. Yuan'er, open the door. But Yuan'er bluntly refused. Brother Qi, I'm already asleep. Tonight, you should go where you ought to go. Come on, Yuan'er, you can't leave your husband standing outside the door. Just then, two maidservants of the Queen of Heaven's Illumination came running over. Your Majesty, our mistress invites you to her room. Wonderful. This really is troublesome. In her chambers, the Queen of Heaven's Illumination had already bathed, changed into clean clothes, and was reclining there, ready and waiting for Ying Qi to arrive. Very soon, the two maidservants brought Ying Qi before their mistress. Mistress, His Majesty has arrived. She raised a hand, signaling the two of them to leave. The pair bowed in acknowledgment and withdrew. Then she urged Ying Qi to come closer. Ying Qi said awkwardly, I wonder what business Your Majesty the Queen has in summoning me here. The queen rose and slowly walked toward Ying Qi. You people of the Central Plains often say that one night as husband and wife brings a hundred days of affection. Why then is His Majesty the Martial Emperor so heartless? Ying Qi, embarrassed beyond measure, did not dare look directly at the Queen of Heaven's Illumination. W-why does Your Majesty say such a thing? If I had not sent someone to invite His Majesty the Martial Emperor, would you not have come? As she spoke, she removed the outer robe that was hanging from her body. Ying Qi looked at her and instantly blushed. Th-that is... good heavens, it's huge. She's truly beautiful. Faced with the deadly, enchanting beauty of the Queen of Heaven's Illumination, Ying Qi could only stare wide-eyed as blood nearly spurted from his nose. Oh heavens, how is anyone supposed to endure this? The young emperor hurriedly turned around and wiped the blood from his nose. Your Majesty the Queen, if there's nothing else, I'll be taking my leave first. But with her prey already delivered to her mouth, how could the Queen of Heaven's Illumination possibly let him escape? She immediately threw out a cord and wrapped it around Ying Qi's leg. You're still thinking of leaving? Your Majesty, tonight you aren't going anywhere. Well, that was it. There would be no rest tonight. After the Queen of Heaven's Illumination bound Ying Qi's legs with the cord, she laughed softly. Your Majesty, tonight you won't be going anywhere. The young emperor only had time to shout, Help! before being thoroughly devoured by the Queen of Heaven's Illumination. He couldn't lose face, so Ying Qi threw himself into battle and taught the queen the entire alphabet by force. The next morning, urgent news again arrived from the front lines. A soldier hurried into Xianyang on horseback carrying an emergency dispatch. The moment he saw Ying Qi, he dropped to his knees and presented the letter. Reporting to Your Majesty, urgent news from the western front. The Mongqi people have invaded the western border of Great Qin. Ying Qi was somewhat surprised. The Mongqi people? He immediately opened the emergency letter. The young emperor thought to himself, The Mongqi people? Could they be the people of Macedon? The nearby officials reported, We've heard those Mongqi people are extremely fierce. Ying Qi angrily shouted, What insolence! That Pha Tut truly doesn't know whether to live or die. When I campaigned westward last time, I spared him once. And now he dares to come courting death on his own. Li Qing, transmit my decree. The five great legions are to assemble. I will launch a second western campaign. Your subject respectfully obeys the decree. Very soon, the Great Qin army under Ying Qi's command advanced to Great Qin's western frontier. The moment the battle horn sounded and the order to attack rang out, the Great Qin soldiers surged forward in a great rush. Kill! Kill! On the opposing side, Pha Tut, king of Macedon, immediately ordered his soldiers to form a defensive array to block the cavalry charge. At once, the soldiers raised their shields and formed a solid defensive wall. Then they leveled their war spears forward to keep the enemy from closing in. As soon as Qin's soldiers approached, they were cut down by the spear points. Seeing the situation turning unfavorable, one general stepped forward to report to Han Xin. General Han, the enemy's defensive formation is tight and flawless. Our cavalry is suffering heavy casualties. Han Xin quickly asked, Where are the archers? Have the archers fire! The officer replied that the archers had already tried. The enemy's shields were linked into formation, and the arrows could not penetrate them. Han Xin began to worry. What should we do now? Suddenly, the officer pointed to the sky and shouted, General, look! Han Xin hurriedly looked up and involuntarily cried out, Th-this is... At that moment, a group of Great Qin soldiers was flying across the sky. Each of them held bombs in their hands. Even Pha Tut was baffled when he saw them. What are those things? The instant the order was given to drop the thunder-fire, the flying soldiers hurled the bombs down upon the Macedonian troops. Pha Tut panicked and shouted, This is bad! Get out of the way! But it was already too late. The moment the bombs hit the ground, they exploded. One blast followed another like fireworks during the New Year. As a result, the defensive formation of the Macedonian soldiers fell apart completely. Han Xin stood there dumbfounded. Riding over on his Blood Tiger, Ying Qi asked Han Xin, How is the power of the Thunderfire Flying Eagle Corps I just established? Seeing Ying Qi, Han Xin and his subordinates quickly dismounted and bowed. Your Majesty has seized the power of heaven itself. The Flying Eagle troops descend like divine soldiers from the skies. The enemy's defensive formation was shattered in an instant. Hearing this, Ying Qi was deeply satisfied. Hahaha! Transmit my military order. The entire army will charge! Han Xin replied, Understood! Thanks to Ying Qi's Flying Eagle troops, the stalemate quickly turned around. The Qin army's fighting spirit now blazed as they charged forward and slaughtered the Macedonian troops. The Macedonian soldiers screamed in panic, urging each other to flee. Run! Hurry and run! King Pha Tut was now so terrified that he tumbled off his horse. Ying Qi rode his Blood Tiger closer and pointed his sword at him. Pha Tut, have you grown the guts of a tiger and the gall of a bear? How dare you invade my Great Qin? Pha Tut lowered his head, bowed repeatedly, and pleaded in explanation. Lord of Great Qin, please forgive my offense against heavenly majesty. I truly had no other choice. My kingdom has been trampled by Rome's iron cavalry. My people and I were driven here, and only then did we trespass upon Great Qin's territory. Ying Qi asked in surprise, Rome? That's right. The Roman consul, Bolos, has occupied my kingdom, and my people have become his slaves. I beg the Lord of Great Qin to recover our land for us. My people and I are willing to submit to Great Qin forever. Ying Qi stroked his chin, looking intrigued. Rome, hm? Then it really is time to clean up this Roman state. Very well. Now that my army has arrived, I will trust you for the moment. Gather your remaining troops, then lead the way for me. Today, I will go hunt this lion of Europe. Pha Tut thanked him repeatedly. Many thanks to the Lord of Great Qin for your mercy. Everything will be done according to your instructions. Lord of Great Qin, noble and brave, may the light of the angels always remain with you. The scene shifts to the Roman camp. Bolos was furious when he learned that the Macedonians still refused to submit quietly, so he quickly led men to deal with them. The commander of the Roman army, Bolos, shouted proudly, Those cowardly Macedonians think the people of the East can protect them? Then let them taste the might of my Roman people. Pass the order. Assemble the entire army. We will wipe out those pitiful easterners as well. The officers at once shouted, Destroy them! Destroy them! Immediately, war horns rose from every side, and the Roman soldiers assumed battle formation. Slowly, they advanced toward the enemy. At the front were infantrymen equipped to the teeth with armor, shields, spears, and lances. Following behind them were war chariots and war elephants. They immediately hurled spears and war lances at the Macedonian cavalry. Don’t let them escape! Let these Macedonians have a taste of our might! Charge! As the Macedonian horsemen galloped closer, they were struck by the Roman army’s war lances. The commanding general hurriedly ordered the soldiers to spread out. Spread out, quickly! Watching the battle from atop a rocky outcrop, Ying Qi could not help but admire the strength of the Roman army. Their reputation truly was well deserved. The Roman army’s combat power was indeed formidable. Pha Tut dropped to his knees and begged Ying Qi to save his soldiers. He was willing to submit to Ying Qi forever. Heh heh, very well then. I shall add a little more fuel to these Romans. Ying Qi ordered Li Qing to command the Flying Eagle troops to attack. Yes, Your Majesty. The Roman soldiers were wildly excited as they kept cutting down the Macedonian troops. Chase them down for me! Leave not a single one alive! Suddenly, explosions began ringing out nonstop from behind them, causing the Roman commander to turn around in shock. At that moment, Ying Qi’s Flying Eagle unit had already closed in on the Roman soldiers. They cried out in horror, What is that? How can it fly in the sky? The commander pointed at the Flying Eagle troops. Hector, whatever that thing is, ballistas, catapults—shoot them down now! Hurry! The moment they received the commander’s order, the Roman soldiers immediately rolled out their giant crossbows and prepared to fire. With the twang of release, countless enormous bolts shot straight into the sky, targeting Ying Qi’s Thunderfire Flying Eagle unit. Those bolts successfully pierced through the wings that kept the Flying Eagle troops aloft. Some even directly impaled many Qin soldiers. The Qin soldiers who fell were instantly surrounded and slaughtered by the Roman army. Kill them! Kill all these Easterners! Let them learn the price of daring to provoke the Romans! But they did not celebrate for long, because in the distance, Ying Qi had already ordered his troops to open fire. Cannon after cannon with devastating power bombarded the Roman army. Explosions boomed continuously, and they screamed in terror, What kind of weapon is this? Hahaha, you Roman barbarians, you’ve surely never witnessed the power of Great Qin’s cannons before, have you? Knowing the time had come, Ying Qi ordered his Tiger Cavalry to charge forward. Kill! Kill! Make these Roman barbarians submit before the heavenly might of Great Qin! Kill! Kill! The moment the Tiger Cavalry entered the battlefield, they struck such terror into the Roman soldiers that their souls nearly left their bodies. Very quickly, countless Romans fell beneath sharp blades and the savage ferocity of the fierce tigers. Suddenly, a strong wind rose, and Bolos shouted for the chariots to charge, then for the giant elephant corps to advance. As soon as the war elephants entered the field, they threw the Tiger Cavalry into complete chaos. Every time an elephant’s foot came down, the earth trembled. The tigers were so frightened that they dared not advance and instead fled in panic. The bloodthirsty war elephants roared deafeningly, while from atop their backs, Roman soldiers rained arrows down without pause. The tide of battle quickly reversed, and the initiative returned to the Roman army. The leader of the Tiger Cavalry was horrified by the might of the giant elephant corps. Seeing the situation turning unfavorable for his side, Ying Qi leaped down from the back of his Blood Tiger and entered the battle personally. I, Ying Qi, King of Great Qin, am here! Those who offend Great Qin have only one path—death! The young man leaped high into the air, drew out his divine bow, and instantly unleashed the Supreme Divine Arrow Art toward the elephant corps. In an instant, a bolt of lightning crashed down upon the giant elephant army, scattering them in all directions. When Bolos saw Ying Qi’s power, he was scared out of his wits. Ying Qi—this Easterner—how could he... This is simply unbelievable! The moment he finished speaking, the Blood Tiger struck him and sent him flying to the ground. Rome is mighty, you say? In my eyes, it is nothing more than worms and ants. Standing before Bolos now was Ying Qi, burning with fighting spirit, together with the Blood Tiger, both exuding overwhelming pressure. Bolos trembled so badly he could barely stand. The Devil? Is this Easterner the incarnation of the Devil? Ying Qi swung his sword and sent Bolos’s helmet flying. The shockwave from the strike knocked him flat onto the ground. His helmet flew high and far before landing right before his eyes. Like a god of slaughter, Ying Qi strode forward and stepped on the iron helmet. Bolos was so shocked and terrified that he could not speak. Ying Qi loudly told him that he was no devil. Even if the devil dared stand in my way, I would kill him too. The young man kicked Bolos to the ground and told him he would not kill him. He ordered him to get back to Rome at once and deliver a message to his consul. Tell him to submit obediently to Great Qin of his own accord. Otherwise, I, Ying Qi, will raze the city of Rome to the ground. Bolos scrambled away in terror, and when the Roman troops saw this, they too fled in panic behind him. Ying Qi looked at them and laughed in satisfaction. Then he slashed his sword toward the distance as if making a declaration. Rome shall become one of Great Qin’s commanderies. I will have the Senate turned into one of my imperial palaces. Hahaha. The Qin soldiers cheered excitedly. The scene then shifted at once to the city of Rome. Inside, the sound of constant whispering and discussion filled the air. Those damned Easterners have already reached Rome. If what Bolos said is true, then those Easterners are truly terrifying. The elderly Roman consul, Kaimalu, shouted for them all to stop making noise. The Easterners are nothing but a bunch of weak beggars. Only those beggars from Macedon would ever want to submit to them. Before the Romans, they are not even worthy of being called opponents. I have already thought of a way to deal with those Easterners. Hm? What way? He then pointed at Bolos and said, Pitiful as you are, I’ll give you another chance. Go now to the city of A. I’ve heard that the slave gladiators there are very unruly. Yes, I’ll leave at once. In the city of A, the gladiators were training together. At that very moment, Bolos rode in on horseback and announced that the consul had a command to deliver. Bolos then read it aloud for the gladiators to hear. The great consul, Lord Kaimalu, has an important mission for all of you. If you complete it, not only will your status as slaves be revoked, but you will also enjoy the rights of Roman citizenship. The slave gladiators could not help but gasp in shock. What? Did I hear that right? We won’t have to be slaves anymore? We can even become Roman citizens? Is this really true? What mission has the great consul arranged for us? Bolos told them that the contracts releasing them from slavery were right here. As long as you defeat the Easterners advancing toward Rome, you will no longer be slaves. Defeat the Easterners? Great! If we defeat the Easterners, we can regain our freedom! Suddenly, one slave gladiator swung an enormous iron ball toward Bolos, scaring him and his horse half to death. That slave rushed toward Bolos and shouted, Where are the Easterners? This man was the slave gladiator Sibax. Burning with battle intent, he roared that he would tear them to pieces. At the same time, Ying Qi’s great army had already arrived near Rome. Standing on high ground and looking ahead, a subordinate reported to Ying Qi, That is the city of Rome. Good. Rome has dominated Europe, Asia, and Africa—but today, I have come to conquer you. Pass down my order: the whole army is to advance straight toward Rome. The soldiers responded enthusiastically. Your Majesty, look. There seems to be something wrong with the forest ahead. At that moment, a squad of Roman soldiers appeared. The instant they saw the Qin troops enter, they rushed forward in a surprise attack. A Qin commander shouted a warning, This is bad! There’s an ambush! Kill them all! Kill all these Easterners! As he shouted, he swung his sword and cut down a Qin soldier. Ying Qi at once mounted the Blood Tiger and ordered the Barbarian Bull troops to charge as well. The Roman soldiers had been waiting for exactly this. They immediately fled deeper into the forest according to plan, luring the enemy onward. Still brimming with fighting spirit, Ying Qi rode the Blood Tiger in pursuit. Let me see what trick you are playing. But after chasing for only a short while, the Barbarian Bull unit fell into a trap. All of them plunged into a swamp. Ying Qi shouted for everyone to be careful. Very quickly, Sibax came charging over riding a crocodile. His crocodile easily bit into and devoured the soldiers who had fallen into the swamp. Kill all the Easterners! The Qin soldiers cried out in terror. Ahh! A monster! A monster! Sibax could not be allowed to act so arrogantly. Enraged, Ying Qi immediately leaped high into the air and swung his sword at him. Sibax was no weakling either—he raised his great saber and blocked Ying Qi’s strike. But how could his combat strength possibly compare to that of a young man backed by a system? Very quickly, Ying Qi forced him back, and the young man’s blade came crashing straight down at the crocodile’s head. Even so, Sibax still laughed arrogantly. Hahaha, leave this Easterner to me. I want to eat his flesh. Ying Qi looked at him and thought to himself, I didn’t expect this slave to possess such powerful martial ability. Wouldn’t it be a pity to kill him? As for the Qin soldiers, they were under attack from the slave gladiators’ boar-spears. Not only were they being attacked from above, but crocodiles were lunging at them from beneath the water as well. All they could do was scream in despair. Help! Help us! Ahh! Ying Qi immediately ordered the whole army to withdraw. Pull back out of the forest. I will deal with these slaves myself. Yes, Your Majesty. The young man fixed the slave gladiators with a cold, murderous gaze. It seems I really should show you a little color. Standing before him now were Sibax and the pack of crocodiles. Sibax pointed his sword at Ying Qi and confidently declared that he would tear him to pieces. Ying Qi did not wish to waste any more words and raised his hand, summoning the Green Lotus Karmic Flame. Burn for me. The flames quickly swept toward the slave gladiators and engulfed them. Whether they were on land, in the trees, or in the water, once they were touched by the flames, there was no way to put them out. Only then did Sibax panic and cry out, This fire—why can’t this fire be extinguished? Hm? You want to extinguish my karmic flame? Stop dreaming. Submit to me now, and I will spare your lives. Though he had already lost all advantage and had no path to victory left, Sibax still spoke stubbornly. We will never submit to you despicable Easterners! Those words successfully enraged Ying Qi. Furious, the young man raised his divine sword high and summoned the Heaven-Scorching Karmic Flame. The flames directly burned away an entire corner of the forest. Even the Qin soldiers standing outside could only sigh over the fate of those slave gladiators. They’re done for this time. They’ve truly enraged His Majesty. If you anger His Majesty, the consequences will be severe. Severe indeed. By now, the surrounding forest had been laid waste by Ying Qi’s Heaven-Scorching Karmic Flame. Some were dead, others wounded. Ahh! Too terrifying! Truly... truly terrifying. Oh? So now you are afraid? As long as you submit to my Great Qin, I can forgive you and free you from your status as slaves. In Great Qin, no one is a slave forever. Hearing this, the slave gladiators immediately kowtowed and shouted, We submit to Great Qin! We will never be slaves again! We submit to Great Qin! We will never be slaves again! Back inside Rome’s main hall, the voices of the old men discussing without end rang out once more. There was no need to worry about the city’s defenses. Those slaves carry the bloodline of Lord Siba. They will help us kill all those Eastern ers. Just as he finished speaking, a Roman soldier came running in breathlessly and shouted, This is bad! Those Easterners have reached Rome! Kaimalu roared in disbelief, What? Where are those slaves now? The soldier immediately reported that they were in the enemy formation as well. It seemed they had been subdued by the Easterners. The men of rank standing nearby were furious when they heard this. Those damned slaves deserve death! I said long ago they couldn’t be trusted! The Easterners are about to reach the foot of the city walls—what should we do? Another old man stroked his beard and suggested, Why not send an envoy and sue for peace with the Easterners? Old Kaimalu loudly ordered them all to stop making noise. To conquer Rome is impossible. The city of Rome is strong and unshakable. Pass down my orders. Put the whole city on alert, reinforce the defenses, and open the beast arena. Also, send word to the mercenaries in the provinces. Offer a great reward and have the mercenary legions come reinforce Rome. The soldier immediately carried out the order. A short while later, Kaimalu rode out with several subordinates to confront Ying Qi’s great army. You uncivilized foreigner. If you came here to learn, I would gladly instruct you. But if you came here to make trouble, then Rome will be your burial ground, because my Rome cannot be conquered. Hearing the old man boast, Ying Qi could not help but burst into laughter. Hahaha, cannot be conquered? In this world, there is no city that I cannot conquer. To me, Rome is nothing more than a pile of mud and dirt. Ying Qi immediately pointed his sword forward and shouted to those of Siba’s bloodline. The ones who enslaved you before are right there. Avenge your grudges. Let them also taste what it feels like to be enslaved. Upon receiving the order, Sibax hurriedly led his brothers in a charge. For freedom—kill! Kill! Very quickly, Sibax and his men closed in on Kaimalu. Terrified, Kaimalu hastily spurred his horse and ordered his subordinates to retreat into the city. Sibax laughed scornfully. Hahaha, coward! Where has Roman glory gone? Come on, brothers! Once we break through the city gate, we can— He had barely reached that point when his brothers had already surged forward in a wave. But very quickly, they were blasted away by two mutated ferocious beasts that charged out from inside the city. After the opening assault of those two beasts came the attack of even more savage creatures. The gladiators scattered in terror, screaming, Run! Run! Ahh! These despicable Romans have released the wild beasts from the beast arena again! Even Ying Qi was a little surprised. He had not expected this place to be filled everywhere with mutated wild beasts. Han Xin, lead your troops and drive those beasts away. Han Xin understood. The Roman soldiers standing atop the walls shouted slogans. Romans will triumph! The Easterners will fall! Romans will triumph! The Easterners will fall! Following Ying Qi’s order, Han Xin sent the Tiger troops into battle to confront the mutated beasts. Suddenly, at that moment, a great mercenary cavalry force came charging toward Ying Qi’s army. Romans will triumph! Foreign invaders, get out! Han Xin turned anxiously to the emperor. Your Majesty, a large number of mercenary legions have appeared around Rome. They must be reinforcements. Ying Qi looked at them and curled his lips into a smile. These ants. Today, I will let them experience true terror. The young man quickly raised his hand and summoned his pet Black Dragon. Kaimalu was so startled that he blurted out, What is that? Upon receiving the command, the Black Dragon flew straight toward Kaimalu, then fixed him with a blood-red, murderous gaze. Kaimalu cried out in fear, It’s an evil dragon! The Black Dragon drew in a deep breath, then spewed fire upon the people inside the city. The people below the walls screamed in panic and despair. The evil dragon is here! The evil dragon! The evil dragon is too terrifying! Looking at the brutal scene before him, Kaimalu trembled and said, These Easterners are terrifying. With such a mighty evil dragon, there is no way we can resist. Only then did Ying Qi declare in a ringing voice, Today, my Great Qin has led its army to Rome. My purpose is to unify all under heaven. I will give you a moment. If you do not raise your hands and surrender, I will turn Rome into a scorched wasteland. Seeing Ying Qi’s power, old Kaimalu immediately led the Romans to kneel in submission. From this day forward, Rome submits to the Great Qin Empire. It shall be renamed the Roman Commandery of the Great Qin Empire. The Roman army shall henceforth be placed under the unified command of the Great Qin Empire. Ying Qi responded with a low hum, then said that was still not enough. Huh? Still not enough? Then what else does Your Eastern Imperial Majesty want? I have heard that according to Roman custom, once submission is accepted, the one who surrenders must kiss the toes of the victor. Kaimalu froze on the spot. Uh... this... What is it? Are you unwilling? Powerless, he closed his eyes, steeled himself, and suppressed his grief and humiliation. I would not dare. I shall represent Rome in performing the rites of surrender to Great Qin. As he spoke, he bent down and repeatedly kissed Ying Qi’s toes. The Romans behind him then shouted in unison, Great Qin! Great Qin! Great Qin’s might shakes the world! Great Qin’s might shakes the world! Suddenly, at that moment, a Roman child holding a dagger rushed forward and stabbed straight at Ying Qi. Despicable invader! I’m going to kill you! Ying Qi’s subordinates cried out anxiously, Your Majesty, be careful! But Ying Qi remained seated calmly, a smug smile lifting the corners of his lips. The instant the boy thrust the dagger forward, Ying Qi stopped it with a single finger. Hey, little brat, where did you come from? In the name of the Julius clan, I must personally kill this invader! Ying Qi was surprised to hear that. The Julius clan? What is your name? The boy immediately replied that his name was Gaius Julius Caesar. Hearing the name, Ying Qi laughed in delight. Hahahahaha! So this brat is actually Caesar. Good. Li Qing, take this youth away. Arrange for him to serve at my horse’s side. This subject obeys your decree. No sooner had this matter been settled than another arose. At that moment, yet another Roman soldier rushed in with urgent news. Lord Consul, this is bad! Military intelligence! Urgent military intelligence! Kaimalu immediately called out for that man not to panic. If anything has happened, report it clearly to His Majesty, the Emperor of Great Qin. “Reporting to His Majesty, the Emperor of Great Qin. Military intelligence has arrived from the Gaul region. Fifty thousand infantry, twenty thousand cavalry, and countless war elephants of the Xata people have already crossed the Long River. They have launched an attack on our Gaul army.” Kaimalu roared in fury, “What? The Xata have launched a surprise attack? Who is commanding the enemy army?” “It is Hanybas Baca, sir.” An old Roman stroked his beard and spoke calmly. “Hanybas again? In the last battle of Cannae, he used only a few thousand infantry to defeat our seventy thousand Roman troops.” Ying Qi felt his head ache just hearing it. “Sigh, they really never end. We just took Rome, and now another famous Xata general from North Africa has shown up.” “Fine then. We’ll subdue him as well.” On Great Qin’s side, in the imperial palace, inside the Qin King Hall, Ying Zheng asked Han Fei, “Minister Han, how goes Qi’er’s war on the western frontier? Has any military report been sent back?” “Reporting to Your Majesty, a few days ago His Majesty finished conquering Rome. In a few more days, he will continue westward into the land of Gaul and wipe out the Xata rebels.” “Qi’er’s great victory on the western frontier is truly a cause for joy. Minister Li, what is the current situation with the flooding previously reported in the southern region?” Li Si quickly cupped his hands and reported, “Your Majesty—” Before he could finish, an official rushed in. “Reporting to Your Majesty, urgent news from Jiangnan! Floodwaters have returned and already submerged many commanderies!” “What?” Ying Zheng shouted in disbelief. “How could Jiangnan suddenly be flooded?” “Exactly. For the past few years the weather has been favorable. How could a natural disaster suddenly descend?” Before the flood issue could be resolved, more bad news arrived. “This is bad! This is bad! Urgent news from Central Shu! Locusts have suddenly appeared in many commanderies, and a great number of common people have already been killed or injured!” “How could this happen? Another locust plague?” Unease rose in Ying Zheng’s heart. “So many disasters striking all at once—this is far too abnormal. Immediately dispatch men to all commanderies for relief. Also, quickly send word to Qi’er. Explain the situation clearly and have him return to court as soon as possible.” “This subject obeys.” In Jiangnan, thunder and lightning were raging without end. Below, the land had become nothing but water. The flood had swept away everything in the area, and the water level had risen nearly to the rooftops. The people could only climb onto their roofs to avoid being carried away. Those who failed to do so in time were swept off by the current. Cries for help rang out endlessly; the scene was unbearably tragic. Meanwhile, in Western Shu, a locust plague was raging. Wherever the swarm passed, only wasteland remained. Those unfortunate enough to die were gnawed down until only bones were left. “Ahhh! Run! The locust disaster is here again!” After reading the report, Ying Qi hurriedly summoned the commander of the three armies. “Great Qin has always enjoyed good weather and peace, yet now disasters are rising everywhere. This is highly abnormal. There must be a problem. Pass down my order—assemble the three armies and prepare to return to court.” “Yes, Your Majesty.” Before leaving, Han Xin asked Ying Qi, “Rome has only just been stabilized. If the Xata enemy attacks at this time, how should this subordinate respond?” “Han Xin, remain behind and guard Rome. I have my own way to help you repel the enemy.” “Many thanks, Your Majesty.” After causing a series of natural disasters, Liu Bang and the man in black began stirring up the people. “Heaven has sent down calamities. This is Heaven punishing tyrannical Qin! Today, I act on Heaven’s behalf to slay tyrannical Qin. Only by making me king can these disasters be avoided. Kill tyrannical Qin! Kill tyrannical Qin!” “Good! Now follow me and attack the city! Kill tyrannical Qin!” “Attack the city! Kill tyrannical Qin! Attack the city! Kill tyrannical Qin!” To make the siege easier, the man in black manipulated the water and blasted a huge hole through Xianyang’s city wall. The rebels immediately charged through and began slaughtering everyone in sight. “Kill tyrannical Qin! Kill tyrannical Qin!” Many villagers died beneath the rebels’ blades. “Rebels, how dare you! Surrender at once!” Standing high nearby, the man in black began to channel his power. In an instant, countless bolts of lightning struck down from the sky. Below, floodwaters rose without ceasing and poured into the city. “Ying Qi, I’ll make you suffer the pain of losing your Qin people as well.” When the Qin soldiers saw the flood rushing in, they were terrified and shouted warnings, “The flood is here! The flood is here!” Realizing how critical the situation was, a subordinate hurried in and reported, “The floodwaters are closing in from all sides. This subject requests to escort Your Majesty in retreat.” “I am not going anywhere. An evil sorcerer is causing chaos—then I shall advance and retreat together with Great Qin’s soldiers. We swear to protect Epang Palace!” Yuan’er clasped her hands and pleaded, “Brother Qi, where are you? Hurry and come save us!” At that moment, the soldiers were still desperately trying to hold back the water. “Quick! Pile up the earth and block the flood!” Another group of soldiers used martial power to form a human wall against the flood. “Absolutely do not let the floodwaters break through and topple the city gate! We swear to die protecting His Majesty!” The man in black looked on and snorted mockingly. “What a bunch of ants who don’t know their own limits. Let’s see how you plan to stop this towering flood.” “This flood came from the heavens—it’s terrifying!” The waters were rising higher and higher, surging in at astonishing speed. The soldiers continued straining with all their martial power to hold it back. But with the water level already higher than the city wall, resisting it with human strength seemed utterly meaningless. A commander cried out in horror, “We’re done for! The force of this water is too great!” At that most critical moment, a divine sword shot down from the sky and slammed into the city wall, planting itself firmly in front of the Great Qin soldiers. A soldier instantly recognized it as the Lingxiao Sword and exclaimed joyfully, “His Majesty the Martial Emperor has returned!” Ying Qi rushed forward, drew up the sword, and unleashed the divine sword art Severing Water Flow to protect everyone. “I, Ying Qi, Martial Emperor of Great Qin, am here!” “Ying Qi, even if you’ve come back, it will change nothing. Today, even if immortals descend, they still won’t be able to stop my waters from drowning Great Qin.” As more power was added, the thunder and lightning multiplied, and the waters rose ever higher. Seeing this, Ying Qi was deeply shocked. “This sky-high flood is not man-made. I knew someone was sabotaging us, but what is that black hole?” “System, answer me at once! What is that black hole? Where is this towering flood coming from?” The system immediately replied that the black hole was a passage linking to the myriad heavens beyond this world. The flood pouring out came from the age of Yu. Ying Qi was horrified and shouted, “What? They’re drawing floodwaters from the age of Yu to drown my Great Qin? How can that be? How do I deal with this?” The system replied that the only way was to open the Gate of Heavenly Dao and redirect the flood back—but... With his heart burning in anxiety, Ying Qi urged it not to waste time and to speak quickly. The system informed him that with the host’s current cultivation, forcibly opening the Gate of Heavenly Dao would certainly bring backlash from martial power. As for what consequences might appear, that was unknown. But the young man no longer had time to worry about the future. He hurriedly took out the Imperial Jade Seal and raised it into the air. Its power continuously shone down below. “Father Emperor, Mother, and Yuan’er—and my children—are all behind me. No matter what price I must pay, I will protect them all.” Borrowing the power of the Imperial Jade Seal, Ying Qi forcibly opened the Gate of Heavenly Dao. The soldiers standing behind him were struck with amazement and joy. “It’s the Gate of Heavenly Dao! His Majesty the Martial Emperor has opened the Gate of Heavenly Dao!” As soon as the gate opened, the floodwaters were sucked inside. The man in black watched and became excited. “Hahaha! Forcibly opening the Heavenly Dao—Ying Qi, you’ve still fallen into my trap.” At this moment, Ying Qi was forcefully drawing the flood into the Gate of Heavenly Dao. Although most of the water had already been sucked away, something was clearly very wrong. A great many Great Qin citizens and soldiers were also being dragged in along with the current. Their cries for help echoed throughout the sky. Ying Qi shouted in alarm, “This is bad! The Gate of Heavenly Dao can’t be closed!” The man in black continued channeling his power while laughing gleefully. “Ying Qi, let’s see how you deal with this now.” “If you don’t close the Gate of Heavenly Dao soon, even your Epang Palace is about to be sucked in.” Enraged, Ying Qi withdrew the Imperial Jade Seal and flew toward the Gate of Heavenly Dao. “You think this is enough to destroy my Great Qin? What delusion!” “I refuse to believe I can’t close this Gate of Heavenly Dao!” The man in black shouted scornfully, “How arrogant! You want to destroy the Gate of Heavenly Dao with martial power? Ying Qi, you really don’t know your own limits.” “Hmph. If it cannot be closed, then I, Ying Qi, will destroy it!” With that, the young man gathered all of his martial power and struck the Gate of Heavenly Dao. To everyone’s shock, the gate was smashed apart by his strength. The soldiers below looked up and cheered in delight. “The great gate in the sky is gone! The flood is receding!” “But where is His Majesty the Martial Emperor?” A soldier pointed in panic. “His Majesty the Martial Emperor is over there!” At that moment, Ying Qi was falling helplessly through the air. But instead of dropping to the ground, he was swept into a spatial vortex and fell into another world. “Where is this? This palace doesn’t look like Great Qin.” “System, where is this? Why can’t I sense any martial power in my body anymore?” Instead of answering, the system displayed a warning that it had malfunctioned and was undergoing repairs. This was not the first time he had encountered such a situation, so the young man was not too surprised or frightened. Brushing the dust off his robes, he muttered irritably, “Another malfunction? It always breaks at the crucial moment.” Just then, three people came running over, bringing along a child as they urged, “Your Majesty, run! They’re catching up!” Behind them was a group of soldiers chasing after them with blades in hand. “Your Majesty, stop right there! Don’t run!” The boy shouted for them not to come any closer. Ying Qi watched and thought to himself, “Your Majesty? Could this be a child emperor?” The little emperor hurried over to Ying Qi and pleaded for help. “Help! Hurry and save me!” Of course, Ying Qi was not about to stand by and do nothing. He immediately charged straight at the soldiers in front of him and punched one squarely in the face. Still unable to sense any martial power, he switched from fists to kicks. In only moments, he had beaten them all down. The little emperor ran over and praised him in amazement, “Amazing! Amazing!” Ying Qi asked him which dynasty’s emperor he was. The old official standing behind him shouted, “Insolence! How dare you be so disrespectful to His Majesty!” Already irritated, and now faced with a talkative old man, Ying Qi wasted no motion and kicked him flying away. “You sure talk a lot of nonsense!” Then he coldly told the boy to speak quickly. Frightened, the child stammered, “I-I am the current Son of Heaven, Liu Xie. Y-you must not be insolent!” Ying Qi began to think. “Liu Xie? Emperor Xian of Han, Liu Xie? Could this be the Three Kingdoms era?” The little emperor raised his voice and asked, “Judging by your clothing, you don’t seem to be from the Xiliang army. Who are you?” Ying Qi thought to himself, “Martial power can’t be used, and the system has malfunctioned again. It’s better to hide my identity for now. I—ah, no, I cannot reveal my identity so casually.” The little emperor continued, “You rendered meritorious service by protecting me just now. I will richly reward you, but you must escort me out of Chang’an first.” Ying Qi could not help laughing. “Hahaha, richly reward me? Little Emperor, I have important matters to attend to. You should pray for your own fortune.” The child kept bargaining. “As long as you escort me away, I’ll make you a king.” “Haha, you want to make me a king?” Just then, another man rode over on horseback and called out that the little emperor was not to go anywhere. The man who had spoken was Li Jue, Colonel Director of Retainers. He said the Grand Preceptor had invited them. Following behind him was another Colonel Director of Retainers and a squad of soldiers. Terrified, the little emperor clutched tightly at Ying Qi’s leg and begged him to save him. “I’m not going anywhere! I’m not going anywhere!” “Hey, Little Emperor, let go of me first!” Ying Qi looked at the two men in front of him and scratched his head with a bitter smile. “These two have no low cultivation. With my current strength, it’ll be hard to fight one against two.” Thinking that, he spoke up, “This is a misunderstanding, just a misunderstanding. I have nothing to do with this little emperor.” But Li Jue did not care in the slightest. He directly ordered his men to bring both of them to see the Grand Preceptor. Left with no other choice, the young man had to go along with them. As he walked, he thought that this time he had really suffered a huge loss because of this little emperor. He could only wait and see. “Grand Preceptor... could it be...?” Sure enough, Ying Qi’s guess was correct. Who else could that Grand Preceptor be but Dong Zhuo? Standing beside him was a man in armor holding a Sky Piercer Halberd. Very soon, the two Colonels Director of Retainers brought the little emperor before Dong Zhuo. “Reporting to Grand Preceptor, His Majesty has been brought here.” Seeing him, the old man burst into loud laughter. “Hahaha! My dear Emperor, where do you think you’re going? Were you planning to abandon this old one?” “Your Majesty, come quickly into this old one’s arms. In this world, only I can protect you completely.” The little emperor was so frightened that he screamed, “No! I-I don’t want to!” The man standing beside Dong Zhuo grew angry at once. A powerful golden martial aura burst from his body, and even the ground where his Sky Piercer Halberd touched sank and cracked all around. Martial power poured ceaselessly from him, filling everyone around with fear. Even Ying Qi nearly jumped out of his skin. “Damn, the aura of a martial powerhouse!” “Oh, so this is the man with the strongest combat power in the Three Kingdoms era! Lü Bu, at the peak of the Celestial Human Realm!” Lü Bu raised his Sky Piercer Halberd and pointed it straight at the little emperor. The child’s limbs trembled, and he collapsed onto the floor. “W-what do you want to do to me? I am the Son of Heaven!” At this moment, Dong Zhuo told his adopted son not to get angry yet. “Be careful not to frighten our little Your Majesty too badly. Men, escort His Majesty back to the palace.” Two soldiers quickly acknowledged the order. The little emperor still tried to resist, but it was useless. “No! I won’t return to the palace!” Ying Qi looked at Lü Bu and silently judged, “This man has already reached the peak of the Celestial Human Realm. With my current strength, I am definitely no match for him. Better endure it for now and think of something later.” Ying Qi was being led away when Lü Bu suddenly called for him to stop. “That strangely dressed man—who are you?” Sweating, Ying Qi replied, “I-I am His Majesty’s guard.” Lü Bu fixed him with a murderous stare. “A guard? A guard with no martial foundation who can remain unmoving under my pressure?” “Great General, I was only stunned just now.” Dong Zhuo laughed heartily. “Hahaha! My son possesses the greatest combat power under heaven—none can rival him. Hahaha! Those of no consequence, drag them all away.” Hearing this, Lü Bu glanced at his adoptive father and replied, “Yes.” Before being taken away, Ying Qi did not forget to glance at Lü Bu and laugh inwardly. “Hahaha, the strongest combat power of the Three Kingdoms? Lü Bu, sooner or later I’ll make you suffer badly.” Upon receiving the order, the two soldiers took the little emperor to the prison. “Let me go! I am the Son of Heaven!” “Hahaha, Your Majesty, just rest well in your palace.” “Hahahaha!” At this moment, Ying Qi was also locked in the cell opposite. He thought to himself, “Dong Zhuo is truly shameless. Whatever else may be said, Liu Xie is still Emperor Xian of Han in name, yet he’s been thrown straight into prison. I must quickly find a way to restore the system and leave this place.” He immediately asked the system, “Have you recovered yet?” The system displayed a notice: “Host data disorder detected. Recovery in progress. Please wait patiently.” Ying Qi grew even more annoyed upon reading it. “Wait patiently? How long am I supposed to wait? I can’t wait any longer. Is there another way?” “The host may reactivate the system by advancing the historical development of the dynasty.” Ying Qi was confused. “The historical development of the dynasty?” “What do you mean by that?” “The host may choose: one, support the Han imperial house; two, restore Han and establish a new dynasty.” Ying Qi thought to himself, “Without martial foundations, founding a new dynasty would be extremely difficult. Besides, Emperor Xian of Han is right in front of me, so the first choice is clearly easier.” Thinking this, he chose the mission to support the Han imperial house. “Ding! System mission accepted successfully.” But even if he wanted to support the Han, he first had to find a way out of here. Suddenly, a loud explosion sounded outside the prison, followed by the startled cries of the guards. “Ah! Someone actually dares break into the imperial prison!” The two men who had just forced their way in were Cao Cao, styled Mengde, and Xu Chu, styled Zhongkang. “Your Majesty, please forgive me! Mengde has come too late to rescue you!” Ying Qi was also shocked by the scene before him. “Oh? So Cao Cao has arrived?” The little emperor shouted joyfully, “I’m here! Hurry and save me!” Cao Cao hurriedly ordered Xu Chu to rescue the emperor. Xu Chu quickly rushed over to free him. “Your Majesty, it is not safe to remain here long. Let us leave at once.” “Yes, yes, let’s go.” Xu Chu took the lead and carved a bloody path forward. Ying Qi smiled faintly and secretly followed along. “This Cao Mengde has some ability. I’ll quietly follow them first, then decide what to do.” “Your Majesty, this way.” But just as they stepped out of the prison, they were blocked. “You want to leave? None of you are going anywhere.” The one stopping them was none other than Lü Bu. The little emperor was so frightened he collapsed to the ground. “Quick, protect me!” Xu Chu immediately gripped his two large hammers and charged forward. “Take one hammer from me!” The moment his twin hammers slammed into the Sky Piercer Halberd, an ear-splitting clang rang out and sparks exploded brightly across the sky. A murderous light flared in Lü Bu’s eyes, and he swept his halberd with martial power at Xu Chu, forcing him far backward. That strike then shot straight toward the little emperor and Ying Qi. The little emperor cried out in panic, “Save me! Save me!” “Oh? I didn’t expect the martial power of this world to have already become so terrifying.” Lü Bu shouted coldly, "Xu Chu, you fool. Leave the little emperor and the weapon on your back, and I will spare your lives." Even though he knew there was no chance of victory, Xu Chu did not retreat in the slightest. "My lord, go first. I’ll hold them off." Furious, Lü Bu brought his Sky Piercer Halberd down and roared, "Stubborn fools! None of you are leaving!" That strike directly sent Xu Chu flying with grave injuries. He crashed hard into the wall. Cao Cao hurriedly took out a large box to block in front of him. Seeing this, Ying Qi also assumed a fighting stance. Cao Cao quickly asked Xu Chu, "How are you?" Ying Qi curiously asked, "What weapon is in that box?" A divine sword immediately revealed itself from within. Unexpectedly, it was the Lingxiao Sword. Cao Cao said that this sword was a Heaven-grade divine weapon that Dong Zhuo had once sent men to recover. "I went out of my way to steal it, but I never expected this weapon to never display its true power. Yet now it is showing such a strange phenomenon." Without hesitation, Ying Qi took up the Lingxiao Sword. "It is not that this divine weapon could not display its power. It was waiting for its master." Cao Cao was puzzled when he heard that. "Its master?" Now that he had obtained the divine sword, Ying Qi finally had the means to fight Lü Bu. He immediately charged forward to exchange blows with him. With the Lingxiao Sword in hand, the martial force within his body also seemed to be gradually gathering. "Lü Bu, allow me to learn from you." "Hmph, you rat," "overestimating yourself. Die!" As he shouted, he thrust the tip of his halberd toward Ying Qi. The moment the two divine weapons collided, they created a world-shaking explosion. The shockwave spread out, terrifying everyone present. Lü Bu was stunned. "Who is this man, to actually withstand one of my blows?" "General, they’ve disappeared!" Hearing that, Lü Bu was furious beyond words. He immediately ordered the soldiers to pursue them. "I must kill them!" By then, Ying Qi and the others had already escaped from Chang'an and were temporarily hiding in a ruined temple. "We’ve already left Chang'an. Dong Zhuo’s men shouldn’t catch up so quickly. This place is safe for now." Cao Cao respectfully cupped his hands and asked, "May I ask the great name of this benefactor, who can even wield a Heaven-grade divine weapon?" "I am Ying Qi. As for my identity, it is not convenient to reveal it for the time being." Cao Cao smiled and said he understood. "In troubled times, it is best to remain cautious. You saved us just now, benefactor, and I, Cao Cao, thank you. May I ask what your plans are next?" "My plan is to help this little emperor ascend the throne as soon as possible. Then I can leave this place." Hearing this, Cao Cao immediately said happily, "Excellent. So benefactor also wishes to restore the Han imperial house. In that case, why don’t we join forces to campaign against" Dong Zhuo? To support the Han house, relying only on me and the little emperor is indeed somewhat difficult. Since I have already met Cao Cao, I might as well borrow his influence and opportunities to recruit capable generals from all sides. Thinking this, Ying Qi agreed. "Very well. If everyone’s goals are the same, then there is no harm in joining hands." "Haha, excellent, excellent!" Cao Cao thought to himself that although this man spoke strangely, he could use this ancient Heaven-grade divine weapon. He was absolutely no ordinary person. Why not borrow his strength to help me accomplish great things? "Although I, Ying Qi, cannot currently bring out the full power of martial force, I can pass on martial methods to help you break through the mysterious martial gate on your own and awaken your own potential. That way, your strength will increase." Xu Chu found it hard to believe. "Break through the mysterious martial gate ourselves? Benefactor truly has such divine power? Then we can recruit the martial generals of the realm to help us restore the Han house together." "That’s right. Next, we need to win over the martial generals of the realm. Wherever there are martial generals, we will go there." "As it happens, in the struggle for the realm right now, Yuan Shao of Hebei has many fierce generals under his command. Why don’t we go seek an alliance with him?" "Yuan Shao of Hebei, born into four generations of Three Excellencies. Good. We depart at once and go poach Yuan Shao’s people." The scene immediately shifted to Hebei, Yuan Shao’s main camp. A soldier hurried in with an urgent report. "My lord, someone has arrived outside the camp claiming to be Cao Mengde and asking to see you." Hearing this, Yuan Shao broke into a broad smile. "What? Mengde has arrived? Quickly, invite him in, invite him in." "Yes, my lord." The old adviser Xu You, styled Ziyuan, cupped his hands and said, "My lord, according to reports, a few days ago Cao Mengde led Emperor Xian of Han out of Chang'an. Now that he has come to seek refuge, why not take this opportunity..." Yuan Shao gestured for him to stop talking. "I know very well." "Benchu, it has been too long." "Mengde, you’ve kept me waiting too long. I heard you brought His Majesty out of Dong Zhuo’s clutches. I have been deeply worried. Where is His Majesty now? I must send men to protect him." Ying Qi waved his hand and said, "No need. The emperor already has people protecting him." Cao Cao also tactfully declined. "Benchu, you worry too much. His Majesty was frightened on the road. I have already arranged everything properly." "That is good. We brothers have not seen each other in a long time. Today, I will host a banquet." Suddenly, a soldier rushed in with an urgent report. "Report! Lü Bu’s army is attacking! They are already thirty li outside the camp!" "Ha! Lü Bu’s army has reached us this quickly? They must be pursuing Cao Mengde here, right?" "Gentlemen, please remain calm. Mengde and I are brothers. Whether in private friendship or in the name of righteousness, today we must repel Lü Bu." Cao Cao quickly cupped his hands to thank Benchu for sending troops out of loyalty. "Mengde, you are too polite. Pass the order to gather all forces and prepare to meet the enemy." Standing at a distance, Ying Qi silently thought, Perfect. I can use this chance to see just how strong these people really are. As soon as the war horns sounded, Yuan Shao’s army immediately charged out to engage. The soldiers and generals of both sides quickly came face to face. Cao Cao quietly glanced toward Ying Qi. At this moment, the three Liu brothers had also appeared. "Hua Xiong, you brat! If I can’t kill you in a few strokes, I’ll kill myself!" Ying Qi curled his lips into an interested smile. The three-man team of Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei. Looks like I need to find a way to win them over. Guan Yunchang rode forward to take the vanguard. "Kill! Kill!" "Haha, red-faced brat, come and die!" "Haha, ignorant fool. I’ll send you to the west." Guan Yunchang immediately summoned the phantom of a golden dragon. His Green Dragon Crescent Blade slashed straight down at Hua Xiong. With a loud boom, flames and smoke burst forth, lighting up the battlefield. The soldiers who witnessed it cried out in horror, "General Hua Xiong was killed? That red-faced, long-bearded man is insanely strong! He killed General Hua Xiong in one strike!" Yuan Shao quickly ordered the soldiers to beat the drums and cheer them on. Ying Qi thought to himself, Guan Yunchang has already comprehended the power of martial force. As expected, his strength is extraordinary. Upon receiving the order, the drummers immediately began pounding in a steady thunderous rhythm. Guan Yunchang proudly challenged, "I, Guan Yunchang, am here. Who dares fight next?" At once, someone answered, "Where did this nobody come from, to dare act so arrogantly?" Along with the shout came a fierce and overbearing aura that continuously poured out. With a single movement, he made the surrounding officers and soldiers stumble and nearly lose their nerve under that tyrannical pressure. Like a bloodthirsty beast, Lü Bu shot straight toward Guan Yunchang. "You little rat, let me see if you can survive one of my blows!" The Sky Piercer Halberd came down, and Guan Yunchang immediately raised the Green Dragon Crescent Blade to block it. The force of that attack directly cracked the ground beneath them. The nearby soldiers were also blown away by the shockwave. "What terrifying power! Aaah!" "Guan Yunchang, how interesting. I didn’t expect you to block one of my blows and live." "Lü Bu, there is no need for you to be so arrogant." "Hurry up and meet your death." "Oh? You missed." "I will let you witness the martial technique I have only just comprehended. At least then you won’t die in vain." "Kill!" The soldiers stared wide-eyed at Lü Bu’s new technique. "No... how... how are there two Lü Bus?" Cao Cao watched and sighed in amazement. "Lü Bu’s strength is terrifying." Ying Qi was also surprised. He did not expect Lü Bu to comprehend such an advanced martial technique on his own. Lü Bu truly lived up to his reputation as the strongest fighting force of the Three Kingdoms. It seemed Guan Yu was about to lose. Lü Bu’s attacks became more and more ferocious and terrifying, pressing Guan Yunchang so hard he could barely breathe and could only struggle to defend himself. Liu Bei anxiously shouted a warning, "Second Brother, be careful!" "Hahaha, your life ends here!" At that critical moment between life and death, a sword appeared and blocked Lü Bu’s Sky Piercer Halberd. Who else could have stepped in to save him but Ying Qi? Lü Bu roared furiously, "So it’s you again, bastard!" "Lü Bu, I didn’t expect to meet you again so soon." Lü Bu shouted, "Last time I let you escape. Today you’ve come to throw your life away." At this moment, Liu Bei and Zhang Fei also hurried over. "Lü Bu, you villain, how dare you harm my second brother!" "Second Brother, Third Brother, let’s go together!" Guan Yu’s two brothers strode forward bravely. "Lü Bu, you brute, how dare you injure my second brother! Second Brother, Third Brother, let’s attack together." No sooner said than done, the two of them charged at Lü Bu, while another copy of him fought Guan Yu one-on-one. Veins bulged on Lü Bu’s forehead in rage. "If the three of you want to attack together," he leaped into the air, causing the ground to crack apart. In a frenzy, he swung his weapon and charged. "Then all of you die here!" The three of them froze in place. We’re finished. A huge explosion immediately followed. Dust and smoke filled the entire area. It turned out Ying Qi had stepped in to shield them. Liu Bei cupped his hands in thanks. "Many thanks, hero, for repeatedly saving us." "No need to thank me. Lü Bu has comprehended an advanced martial technique. If the three of you fight him head-on, you are absolutely no match for him. We need another way." "An advanced martial technique?" At this moment, Yuan Shao turned and asked his subordinate, "Who is the one wielding that treasured sword? How can he block one of Lü Bu’s blows?" "He is someone Cao Mengde brought with him, named Ying Qi. We have never heard this person’s name before." "Immediately send people to investigate him further. Also, summon Yan Liang and Wen Chou. I have an important task for them." "Yes, my lord." Meanwhile, Lü Bu’s fighting spirit was surging. "Go on, cry out. If you have any last words, say them now, or there will be no chance left." As soon as he finished speaking, he lunged at Ying Qi, unleashing the technique Divine-Demon Frenzied Dance in an attempt to kill his prey in one blow. "I cannot open my martial force right now. General Guan, I will help you break through your martial gate and unleash an advanced skill." Guan Yunchang found it hard to believe. "You can help me break through my martial gate?" Taking advantage of the brief opening created by Liu Bei and Zhang Fei, Ying Qi placed his hand against Guan Yunchang’s back and helped him break through his realm. The martial gate broke through. Instantly, power surged through Guan Yunchang’s body. That power transformed into the phantom of a golden dragon and shot straight toward Lü Bu. Lü Bu was shaken. "Impossible. How could he use an advanced technique in such a short time?" "I’ll spare you today. Another day, I will come back to take your dog lives." Knowing he could not win, he hurriedly ordered his troops to withdraw. Seeing the enemy retreat, Yuan Shao immediately ordered an advance. "Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei have joined forces to defeat Lü Bu. We must press the advantage and pursue them. Pass down the order: pursue the routed enemy. Slay generals and kill the foe, and there will be rich rewards." With orders in hand, the soldiers charged after them with burning zeal. "Kill! Kill! Kill!" Back on Ying Qi’s side, after he had saved the lives of the three Liu brothers and even helped Guan Yunchang break through his martial power, the three of them were deeply grateful. "Thank you, sir, for helping me use an advanced martial skill. I, Guan Yu, have never possessed such power before. Sir truly is a divine man. May I ask your esteemed name?" "Please rise, the three of you. I am Ying Qi." At this moment, Cao Cao also stepped forward to speak. "I have long heard that the three Yingxiong brothers, Liu, Guan, and Zhang, are exceptionally valiant. Today, seeing the three of you battle Lü Bu, your fame is indeed well deserved. I wonder whether the three generals would be willing to join us and support the Han imperial house together?" Hearing this, Ying Qi felt annoyed. This Cao Cao really does spare no effort in winning people over. Liu Bei asked doubtfully, "Support the Han imperial house? May I ask who you are?" "I am Cao Cao. To be frank, His Majesty Emperor Xian has already been rescued by us. We are only waiting for the three generals to lend your strength in supporting the Han house and campaigning against Dong Zhuo." "Is that true? The three brothers and I have long resolved to aid the Han house." "Excellent. Then where is His Majesty now?" "That..." Ying Qi smiled and said, "Emperor Xian is currently in a very safe place." The scene immediately shifted to the little emperor’s temporary lodging. "Where is Cao Cao? He actually left me in this wretched place again? I can hardly swallow this food. Tell someone to bring some meat soup." "Please calm your anger, Your Majesty. My lord has gone out to handle some matters and will return soon." "Quickly send people to find him." Suddenly, the sound of footsteps approached from outside. The two soldiers immediately noticed and shouted warily, "Who goes there?" The man carrying an axe said with a gleeful smile, "By Lord Yuan’s orders, we have come to escort His Majesty to a new residence." The one walking in front with the axe was Yan Liang, and the one following behind him was Wen Chou. One of the soldiers asked suspiciously, "Lord Yuan? Step back at once. We only obey Cao—" Before he could finish, the two soldiers were killed by Wen Chou. "What a nuisance." "Hehe, little emperor, stop struggling." The little emperor cried out in panic, "Don’t come any closer!" Right at that moment, a hammer came crashing down and blocked Yan Liang’s path. He cursed angrily, "Which bastard is it?" "I, Xu Chu the tiger fool, am here. How dare you act wildly?" Yan Liang laughed scornfully and gestured for his subordinates to first take the little emperor away. "I don’t care whether you’re tiger fool or donkey fool. The two of us against one of you." The little emperor sat curled up in fear. "Someone save me!" Xu Chu picked up his hammer and roared, "Insolence!" With a sweeping strike, he sent flying the soldiers who were trying to seize the little emperor. Yan Liang and Wen Chou excitedly rushed forward. "Go die!" Xu Chu gritted his teeth and raised both hammers to block. "I’ll show you the combined technique of the two of us. Combination skill, Heaven and Earth Absolute Slaughter." Xu Chu gave a cold snort. "Benefactor Ying Qi guided me, allowing me to comprehend an advanced martial skill. Today I’ll make sure you die knowing exactly why. Bare-chested rage, attack power increased fivefold." The sharp claws of the phantom ferocious wolf were about to touch Xu Chu’s body. Xu Chu, like a fierce tiger, swung his twin hammers down. With a thunderous boom, the combined attack of Yan Liang and Wen Chou was smashed apart. "How is that possible? This man’s strength is terrifying." "Damn it." At this moment, Ying Qi and the others had also returned. "Not bad. General Xu Chu has comprehended exceptional ability and can already freely use advanced martial skills." "Many thanks for your guidance, benefactor." Cao Cao shouted in fury, "You two dared attempt to assassinate His Majesty the Emperor. For that crime, you deserve death." "If you are willing to abandon darkness for the light, join us, and support the Han house together, we can spare you this once." "Dream on. I have received Lord Yuan’s deep favor. Do you think I am someone who clings to life and fears death?" "That’s right. But if it is to support the Han house together, we can discuss terms." "Terms? What terms?" "We can—" Before they could finish speaking, Ying Qi killed them both with a single sword strike. "Benefactor, what are you..." "Right now, we need people. In this contest among warlords, those who walk the same road as me will rule this chaotic age with me. Those who do not, I will wipe out." Cao Cao was instantly intimidated. "Ah... Mister Ying Qi’s insight is admirable. The three brothers and I are deeply impressed. The three of us are willing to swear to follow Mister Ying Qi to the death. Let us work together with one heart. Three generals, please rise." "Yuan Shao truly has some nerve, daring to provoke me first. Generals, quickly go reorganize the troops. Next, we deal with Yuan Shao first." The three Liu brothers were startled. "What? We’re going to deal with Yuan Shao?" Cao Cao also voiced his concerns. "Yuan Shao has hundreds of thousands of troops." Ying Qi said firmly, "You heard correctly. I already have a plan. First eliminate Yuan Shao, then Dong Zhuo." "Let’s go." The scene immediately shifted to Yuan Shao’s camp. "Come, raise your cups and drink." "Hahaha. Everyone, today in the first battle we crushed Dong Zhuo’s army’s morale. Truly something to celebrate." Hearing this, the generals under his command all chimed in with flattery, "It is all thanks to my lord’s brilliant strategy. The day we eliminate the traitor Dong is not far off." "Come, come, come, everyone, raise your cups." At that moment, a soldier rushed in anxiously, carrying a large box in his hands. "Report!" "Speak." "My lord, someone outside the camp has sent a gift to celebrate our victory in the first battle." Yuan Shao asked curiously, "What is it? Open it." The adviser standing beside him smiled and said, "I imagine this must be someone of lofty ambition coming to pledge allegiance." The moment it was opened, both of them recoiled in shock and knocked the box away. "Ah, this is..." "General Yan... this is..." "The heads of Generals Yan Liang and Wen Chou." Yuan Shao erupted with rage. "What audacity. Send out the troops and meet the enemy!" "Kill! Kill!" "Hm? What is happening now?" "This is bad! Dong Zhuo’s army is attacking!" "What? Dong Zhuo’s army?" Very quickly, a large force came surging toward Yuan Shao’s camp. "Kill! Capture Yuan Shao alive!" "Kill!" "Gao Lan is here. Who dares cause trouble?" "Gao Lan? Then let me, Xu Chu the tiger fool, exchange a few moves with you." The two of them charged at each other like bloodthirsty beasts, one swinging hammers, the other sweeping with his sword. After exchanging blows for a while, Gao Lan was inwardly shaken. What terrifying strength. Gao Lan roared in fury, and his entire body immediately burst forth with terrifying power. His blood boiled as his attack power surged. But the tiger fool facing him was no easy opponent either. He also unleashed his martial power to increase his attack strength. The two sides continued to clash head-on. The aftershocks of their attacks spread out, grievously injuring the surrounding soldiers and making them cry out in pain. Scream. Ah, what terrifying power. Zhang He shouted loudly, “Charge! General Zhang He will cover our retreat! My lord, rest assured!” At that moment, Guan Yu rode out to block their path. “Guan Yu is here. I have been waiting a long time.” “Guan Yu?” “This is bad! We’ve fallen into a trap! They are not Dong Zhuo’s troops!” “My lord, go first! Zhang He will bring up the rear!” Guan Yu immediately clashed with Zhang He. Zhang He sneered loudly, “Daring to put a price tag on your own head—truly overestimating yourself.” Taking advantage of the little time Zhang He had bought, the strategist hurriedly said to Yuan Shao, “General Zhang He is divinely brave. My lord, we must quickly move to Ye City.” “Alright, let’s go.” Yuan Shao’s army fled straight toward Ye City. “My lord, once we pass through this forest, we’ll reach the shortcut leading to Ye City. This subordinate believes the enemy will not pursue us any farther.” Yuan Shao let out a sigh of relief and said, “Good, let’s go.” But they had no idea that everything was already in Ying Qi’s hands. He had long since ordered his soldiers to lie in ambush here. Yuan Shao panicked. “How is this possible?” “Hello, old friend. You arrived a little later than I expected.” The strategist shouted in disbelief, “No, impossible! How could you appear here? Who exactly are you?” Ying Qi drew his sword with a smile and ordered the generals and soldiers, “Exterminate Yuan Shao.” “I, Zhang Yide of Yan, have come to take your head!” Zhang Fei roared as he swung down his serpent spear. “Kill!” Yuan Shao screamed in terror, “Protect me! Protect me!” Seeing Zhang Fei’s killing blow descending upon Yuan Shao, Cao Cao cried out in alarm, “General Zhang Fei, hold your hand!” But Zhang Fei’s serpent spear had already fallen. With one strike, Yuan Shao’s group was knocked off their horses. Seeing this, Cao Cao hurriedly cupped his hands and begged Ying Qi, “Benefactor, Dong Zhuo has not yet been eliminated. Killing Yuan Shao now will not help us win people’s hearts.” Yuan Shao’s face turned pale with fright. “Don’t kill me. I’ll yield the position of alliance leader to you.” Just then, Zhang He rushed over to save him. “My lord, do not worry! Zhang He is here!” Yuan Shao burst into delighted laughter. “Hahaha, my savior has arrived.” Hearing the words “my savior,” Ying Qi fell into thought, calculating something. After a moment, he decided to kill Yuan Shao after all. “Today, even if an immortal descends, your life cannot be saved.” A strike as fast as lightning ended Yuan Shao’s life in the blink of an eye. Before closing his eyes forever, he ground his teeth unwillingly and said, “My Yuan family has held the Three Excellencies for four generations. Three among us have borne that office, yet I still could not accomplish this great cause. You are not an ordinary man.” Ying Qi glanced at Yuan Shao’s corpse and replied coldly, “In this chaotic age, those who submit to me live, and those who oppose me die. The great cause you failed to complete—I will complete it for you.” Cao Cao was shocked by Ying Qi’s strength. “That sword strike... so fast.” When the strategist saw his lord dead, he was terrified. “Ah! My lord is dead! My lord, Zhang He has failed you. Zhang He came too late.” Guan Yu and Zhang Fei eagerly stepped up to Ying Qi. “Benefactor, that kill was magnificent.” “That’s right. Old Zhang has wanted to kill that despicable little villain for a long time.” Ying Qi then pointed his sword at Xu You and Zhang He and shouted, “Yuan Shao is dead. Xu You, Zhang He, I will now give you a chance. Submit to me, or meet the King of Hell. Choose for yourselves.” Even in dire straits, Zhang He showed no fear. “Though I, Zhang He, am defeated today, I will never cling to life and fear death. Kill me if you wish.” But Xu You kept kowtowing and begging for his life. “I, Xu You, am willing to serve you like a dog or horse.” Hearing this, Ying Qi smiled, a murderous gleam flashing in his eyes. “Very good. Then I will grant your wish.” Seeing this, Guan Yu spoke up and asked Ying Qi to reconsider and spare Zhang He. “Benefactor...” But he had only managed to say those two words when Ying Qi decisively killed Xu You. Cao Cao was startled by Ying Qi’s action. “Benefactor, this is...” “I have no place under my command for cowards who cling to life and fear death. Help General Zhang He up and let him return to camp to rest well. In this chaotic age, our next target will be Dong Zhuo.” “Benefactor, truly wise.” Guan Yu hurried forward to help Zhang He up, and then together with Ying Qi, they left. Cao Cao thought to himself, This man’s bearing is overbearing and majestic, utterly extraordinary. I must make plans early. News of Yuan Shao’s death quickly reached Dong Zhuo. “What? Yuan Shao is dead?” Lü Bu angrily shouted, “Who killed him?” “Reporting to Grand Preceptor, it is absolutely true. The killer is named Ying Qi.” The moment he heard the name Ying Qi, Lü Bu blazed with fury and clenched his fists. “I will definitely kill this man.” Dong Zhuo immediately gave the order, “My son Fengxian, lead five thousand cavalry and take Ying Qi’s head.” “Grand Preceptor, wait. I, Jia Xu, have a plan.” “Oh? Speak quickly.” This man was Jia Xu, courtesy name Wenhe. He smiled and said, “If Yuan Shao was truly killed by this man, then there is no need for the Central Commandant to act personally. Just send word to Yuan Shu. Yuan Shu will certainly avenge his elder brother. This is a plan to let the tiger devour the wolf.” After hearing Wenhe’s scheme, the father and son, Dong Zhuo and Lü Bu, exchanged glances. “Hahaha! Wenhe, this is an excellent plan. Send someone at once to spread the news to Yuan Shu.” “Wenhe obeys.” Very soon, the news that Ying Qi had killed Yuan Shao reached Yuan Shu. “Uncle, you must avenge my father.” Yuan Shu furiously smashed the wine cup in his hand. The one kneeling and pleading was Yuan Shao’s son, Yuan Tan. Yuan Shu roared in anger, “Ying Qi! Where did this crafty brat come from? He dares plot against my Yuan family—I’ll tear him to pieces!” “Uncle, that brat Ying Qi is gathering troops.” “Good! General Sun Ce, lead ten thousand soldiers and march straight for Ying Qi’s main camp. I want his head as a libation for my elder brother!” Sun Ce, courtesy name Bofu, immediately cupped his hands and replied, “By your command.” At the same time, at Ying Qi’s camp, a soldier hurried in to report, “Reporting to Benefactor, ten li outside the camp, Sun Ce, a general under Yuan Shu, has led troops here to attack.” Ying Qi said, “Excellent. I originally intended to eliminate Dong Zhuo directly, but I didn’t expect Sun Ce to appear first. Which general is willing to go out and meet the enemy?” Guan Yu and Zhang Fei both stepped forward at once to request battle. “Guan Yu requests permission to fight.” “I, Old Zhang, also request permission to fight.” After speaking, Zhang Fei turned to Guan Yu and pleaded, “Second Brother, you already killed Hua Xiong. Let me have this head. Today is the perfect chance to test the martial skill Benefactor guided me in.” Hearing that, Guan Yu laughed heartily. “Hahaha, Third Brother, that impatient temper of yours.” Ying Qi walked over to the two brothers and cut in, “Haha, Second Brother, Third Brother, don’t argue. Benefactor already has a decision.” Then he smiled a few times, raised his command token, and declared, “Haha, then General Zhang will go out and test his strength. General Guan need not be anxious either—there will be plenty more heads to come.” The two brothers immediately saluted him and accepted the order. “Haha, many thanks, Benefactor.” Behind them, Cao Cao called out joyfully, “With Benefactor here, restoring and supporting the Han is truly something to look forward to.” The others echoed after him, “Something to look forward to!” At that moment, outside, a grand procession of troops rumbled forward. Sun Ce led them at the front and shouted, “Officers and men, follow me! Charge and capture this traitor alive! Kill!” Right then, Zhang Fei also rode onto the battlefield and bellowed, “You fool who doesn’t know life from death! You dare provoke Master Zhang?” He swept his spear across, barely missing Sun Ce’s head. After blocking that strike, Sun Ce gritted his teeth and thought, This bandit’s strength is tremendous. He really is not easy to deal with. With bloodshot eyes, Zhang Fei roared, “Ah!” The sonic shockwave from his shout made the soldiers clutch their ears. “Ah, this roar is terrifying!” The Han troops seized the opportunity to charge and cut down the enemy soldiers. “Kill! Kill! Kill!” At this moment, Sun Ce’s eyes also reddened as he rushed in again. “I never thought this bandit would comprehend such a terrifying martial skill.” Zhang Fei replied confidently, “With Benefactor’s guidance, I broke through in martial skill. Killing fools like you is as easy as chopping melons and slicing vegetables.” He raised his spear, gathering power, and said, “Try this!” A whirlwind and martial aura appeared in the sky. Sun Ce stared blankly at what was before him. “What? Dual martial skills? Just who exactly is Ying Qi behind Zhang Fei? How can he possess such heaven-defying ability?” Then he turned and withdrew with his soldiers. “You damned bandit! I’ll come take your dog life another day. Retreat! The whole army, retreat!” Zhang Fei immediately gave chase. “Sun Ce, you fool, where do you think you’re running?” At this time, in Yuan Shu’s main camp, a soldier rushed in anxiously, shouting, “Report! Urgent report!” Yuan Shu immediately questioned him. “Has news of Sun Ce’s victory arrived?” The soldier stammered in reply, “Outside the camp... outside the camp, a cavalry force has come killing its way here.” Hearing this, Yuan Shu exclaimed in shock, “What? Where did this cavalry come from?” The soldier hurriedly answered, “I only saw that the banner bore the single character ‘Ying.’” Yuan Tan and the man beside him cried out in unison, “Ying Qi!” Yuan Shu shouted in disbelief, “What? Impossible! How could he appear here?” Soon, Yuan Shao’s two sons came before him and accused him tearfully, “Uncle, it was that traitor who killed our father. Uncle must avenge him for us.” He immediately told them, “You two leave the camp first. I have my own way to kill the enemy.” “Understood.” Outside Yuan Shu’s camp, soldiers and warhorses had already gathered in full force. Guan Yu cupped his hands and recommended himself to Ying Qi. “Benefactor’s divine strategy—making a surprise raid on Yuan Shu. Guan Yu is willing to enter the camp and take Yuan Shu’s head.” Ying Qi spoke to reassure him. “No need to rush. They will come out on their own. General Guan only needs to call them out.” Guan Yu immediately replied, “Understood.” Right after that, he unleashed his power—Furious Dragon Emerging from the Sea. The dragon flew straight into the gates of Yuan Shu’s camp. From the thick smoke, several dark figures emerged. The soldiers inside the camp rushed out one after another, shouting, “Kill!” Yuan Tan led them and yelled, “Evil bandit! Today my brothers and I will avenge our father.” Hearing their words, Ying Qi curled his lip in mockery. “Avenge your father? That may be a little difficult.” He leaped off his horse with dangerous ease and said, “I can send you to meet your father.” With a casual sword stroke, he sliced through both their heads. Turning back to look at them, Ying Qi frowned slightly in disdain. “Not worth a single blow.” The soldiers behind him shouted in unison, “Benefactor is mighty! Mighty! Mighty!” Suddenly, a soldier noticed a fleeing figure and cried out, “Benefactor, look! Yuan Shu is trying to run!” Yuan Shu turned back with a smug smile toward Ying Qi, but Ying Qi said, “Run? He won’t get away.” Right then, Guan Yu used Flying Dragon in the Heavens and shouted, “Guan Yu is here. The enemy will not escape this calamity.” As the dragon flew through the clouds, thunder and lightning crashed across the sky. A bolt of lightning struck straight at Yuan Shu’s location. Immediately afterward, he fell from his horse to the ground. Looking at the terrifying figure before him, he stammered, “You... who are you?” Ying Qi stepped close and answered dangerously, “Ying Qi of Great Qin.” At once, Ying Qi killed Yuan Shu with a single sword stroke. “Those who stand in my way have only one path—death.” Right after that, he raised his sword high and proclaimed loudly before the soldiers, “The Yuan clan has been destroyed. I, Ying Qi, now point my sword toward Ye City. Those who submit to me shall live. This is the fate of those who block my way.” As soon as he finished speaking, a series of harsh metallic sounds rang out as weapons fell to the ground. The surrounding soldiers immediately knelt and surrendered. “We are willing to surrender! We surrender!” The Great Qin soldiers shouted loudly, “Mighty! Mighty! Mighty!” Some time later, someone rode at the head of a force and arrived at Yuan Shu’s camp after the battle. That man was Sun Ce. At this moment, a soldier ran up to report, “General, Yuan Shu has been killed by Ying Qi. Tens of thousands of officers and soldiers have all surrendered to Ying Qi.” After hearing the report, he frowned slightly and muttered, “He actually took advantage of my frontal assault to raid Yuan Shu. This man is truly terrifying.” Another soldier stepped forward and asked, “General, what should we do now?” Sun Ce pondered for a moment and said, “Ying Qi is extraordinary. We are no match for him. Follow me to Jiangdong and wait for our chance to rise again.” The soldier answered firmly, “Understood!” At this moment, in Chang’an City, voices of discussion rang out in the court. “What? Yuan Shu was killed by Ying Qi as well?” “That is absolutely correct. Ying Qi’s army has already advanced toward Ye City.” Hearing this, Guo Si hurriedly blurted out, “This is bad. We must be on guard against greater trouble. We cannot let him take Ye City.” Dong Zhuo hurriedly called out, “My son Fengxian!” A powerful halberd slammed into the ground. With blazing anger, Lü Bu appeared and declared, “Foster Father, rest assured. This time I will definitely kill him.” At the same time, in Ye City, all the common people lowered their heads and shouted respectfully, “Welcome, Great General Ying Qi, into the city!” Ying Qi led the army into the city, smiling with carefree confidence. “The foundation for ten thousand generations begins here. Officers and men, follow me into the city.” “Yes!” Sunlight shone upon the city roofs as Liu Xie sat upon the throne with grave majesty and said, “I am young and inexperienced in state affairs. This time, my rescue was all thanks to Great General Ying Qi.” The boy declared before the assembled ministers, “From now on, in all matters great and small of court government, you shall let Ying Qi decide. I will not ask further.” The civil and military officials immediately responded, “We respectfully obey Your Majesty’s decree!” Ying Qi then continued, “Across the realm today, rival heroes rise everywhere. If we are to restore the Han, we must eliminate the rebels. We will pacify the world in the name of rightful authority. Whoever does not submit to us, the Yuan clan is their example.” The officers and soldiers shouted, “Restore the Han! Pacify the world!” Immediately afterward, he gave his orders. “Now that we have taken Ye City, pass down the command: all officials of every rank in Ye City will remain in office as before. All adult males of the Yuan clan are to be conscripted into the army. Women and children are all to be dispersed.” The three brothers Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei respectfully replied to him, “Benefactor governs with method. This is a blessing for the people of Ye City and a blessing for all under Heaven.” Then, inwardly, he cried out in delight, So the one who uses the Son of Heaven to command the feudal lords is actually me! At that moment, a messenger soldier ran in. “Reporting to the Great General, the Yuan clan has been dealt with properly. There is only one woman who swore unto death not to comply, and she also wishes to offer herself to you.” Hearing this, Ying Qi was puzzled. “What? Offer herself to me?” Cao Cao also stroked his beard in confusion and said, “How strange. What kind of woman is so ignorant of the immensity of heaven and earth?” The soldier revealed, “It is Zhen Mi, wife of Yuan Xi, Yuan Shao’s second son.” Hearing that name, Ying Qi rubbed his chin in thought. “Lady Zhen? Isn’t that Cao Pi’s wife?” At that moment, the entire court became noisy. “It is said that this Zhen Mi possesses peerless beauty, every step like lotus blossoms blooming.” “Bring her here!” “Yes!” The soft tapping of shoes against the floor rang out. The woman’s graceful figure passed by, leaving the soldiers entranced. “Wow, so beautiful! There is actually such a stunning woman in this world.” The woman came before him and bowed. “Zhen Mi greets the Great General.” Looking at her, Ying Qi thought to himself, What medicine is this little widow selling in her gourd? He quickly questioned her, “You are a wife of the Yuan clan, so why are you so determined to follow me?” She gave a seductive smile and replied, “This servant has long heard of the Great General’s mighty glory. I am willing to be a servant for life and attend upon the Great General.” Then suddenly, Zhen Mi drew a dagger, pressed it to her own neck, and declared, “If the Great General does not agree, this servant will kill herself at once. My blood will be spilled here to show my sincerity.” Her sudden movement with the dagger made everyone panic as they rushed in front of Ying Qi. “Protect Benefactor!” Ying Qi’s expression became indescribable. “Uh... this lady is a bit...” Looking at Zhen Mi with her eyes shut tight and the blade at her throat, he thought, Is she really doing this? Just then, a voice rang out to stop her, “Stop!” Cao Cao stood before her and pleaded, “Benefactor, today we have taken Ye City. Bloodshed and death would be inauspicious indeed. Why not have Benefactor accept this beautiful woman?” Hearing him say that, Ying Qi’s thoughts became tangled. Good grief, this Cao Cao—why is he proactively offering me his own future wife? He quickly gave the order, “Forget it. We’ll discuss this later. Take this woman away for now.” The soldiers immediately accepted the command. “Yes!” Zhen Mi cupped her hands and bowed to him. “Zhen Mi thanks the Great General for his grace.” After she left, another soldier entered to report, “Reporting to the Great General, a frontline scout has sent word. Lü Bu’s army has set out and is on its way to our Ye City.” Hearing this, Ying Qi nodded slightly. “Good. Continue scouting.” Then Liu Bei said with excitement, “Just as Benefactor predicted, Lü Bu’s army really has come.” Cao Cao added in praise, “Benefactor truly has divine foresight and marvelous calculations.” Right after that, Ying Qi shouted loudly, “Generals, heed my command! Reinforce the city defenses and reorganize the troops. The strongest fighting force in the Three Kingdoms, I fear, is about to die beneath these walls.” As soon as he finished speaking, a resounding response echoed throughout the palace of Ye City. “We obey!” Fifty li outside the city lay Lü Bu’s main camp. In the central tent, Lü Bu and his officers were discussing matters. “With one more effort, I can lead troops in under cover of night and kill my way straight into the city. Why wait until tomorrow?” A strategist at his side replied, “General, your might is unmatched, but the army is exhausted. It would not be too late to rest briefly and fight tomorrow.” Leaning close to Lü Bu’s ear, he smirked and reported, “Besides, according to my spy inside the city, Ying Qi has taken Yuan Xi’s wife, Zhen Mi. I suspect that tonight, something will definitely happen inside the city...” A major matter. He narrowed his eyes and smiled. “Everyone in the world knows that Zhen Mi’s beauty is peerless, yet they do not know what is truly terrifying about her.” Lü Bu looked up and laughed. “Hahaha, that dog thief Ying Qi won’t make it through tonight.” Inside the room, Ying Qi checked the system. “Damn system, why hasn’t it recovered yet?” “The system is rebooting: 10%. The system is currently restarting. The host’s martial power will also gradually recover according to the progress.” Ying Qi muttered, “You’ve got to be kidding me. With only 10% martial power, if I didn’t have the Lingxiao Sword, I probably couldn’t even beat one of Lü Bu’s generals.” Ying Qi flopped onto the bed and sighed. “How long will it take to restore the Han dynasty? I still have to return to the Great Qin world to save Royal Father, save Royal Mother, and save Yan’er.” The door opened a crack, and Ying Qi sat upright at once. “Who’s outside?” Candle smoke drifted out. “Hm? Why did the candle go out?” Zhen Mi stepped through the doorway. “Zhen Mi has finished bathing and came especially to serve the Great General.” Ying Qi sat on the edge of the bed, confused. “What? Serve me? I don’t need anyone to serve me.” Zhen Mi unleashed her move. Ying Qi looked at the strands with curiosity. “What kind of technique is this?” Zhen Mi moved closer. “Does the General dislike this servant?” Zhen Mi climbed onto the bed. “General, next let this servant attend to you.” Ying Qi was still bewildered. “Uh...” she whispered, “Please close your eyes and relax.” Ying Qi shut his eyes. “All right.” Zhen Mi suddenly raised her sword and slashed down like mad, cursing, “Then die!” Ying Qi kicked her flying away. He sneered. “Anyone who delivers themselves to my door is dangerous.” Zhen Mi fired out all her blades. “Though I also bear grudges against the Yuan family, you killed my husband. Of course I must take revenge.” Two more assassins appeared behind Ying Qi. “Take his life!” Ying Qi looked interested. “Who would have thought Zhen Mi had trained a group of stunning female assassins? How amusing.” Ying Qi said softly, “In that case, I’ll play with them.” He drew his sword. “Hah!” “Attack him!” The two assassins clutched themselves. “Ah, my clothes!” Zhen Mi watched Ying Qi coldly. Ying Qi also sized them up. “With only this little skill, you still dared to assassinate me?” Zhen Mi did not care. “Since we failed, kill us if you want.” The two female assassins were equally resolute. “That’s right. We assassins of the Shadow Guard would rather be killed than humiliated.” Ying Qi frowned suspiciously. “What Shadow Guard?” “You are assassins of the Shadow Guard?” He slapped his forehead and burst out laughing. “You are assassins of the Shadow Guard? Hahaha, I never thought the Shadow Guard that I founded with my own hands back then would one day come to assassinate me.” Zhen Mi stared in confusion. “I? Founded the Shadow Guard? What are you talking about?” Ying Qi turned to leave. “I’ll spare you today. Before I come back, clean up my room after the mess you made.” Zhen Mi watched him go, a question rising in her heart. Who exactly was this Ying Qi? “Ying Qi...” She seemed to remember something and gasped in shock. “Could he be...” In the Great Qin world, in Xianyang City, screams and shouts drowned out the sky. People pushed and shoved as they fled the city. Inside the large, sturdy buildings, someone kept shouting, “The zombies are in! Everyone, run!” Chaos was everywhere. Someone else cried out in warning, “Hide quickly!” Outside the city, countless zombies swarmed forward, writhing like maggots and packed like ants. The one directing them sat calmly on horseback, watching the spectacle. Four red-eyed zombies gaped wide and lunged to the front. They rushed at several soldiers and shrieked, “So much food!” The defending soldiers, clad in solid armor, bravely raised their swords high to meet them in battle. In unison they shouted, “Where did these monsters come from, daring to invade the capital of our Great Qin!” The bloodthirsty zombies charged up and bit into the soldiers’ necks. Some latched onto shoulders and bit down hard, causing the soldiers to cry out in terror, but they still would not stop. “Ah, I want to eat meat!” Another zombie seized a young soldier and gnawed through his shoulder until even his armor cracked, leaving him pale with fright as he cried weakly, “Ah!” The others in the squad who saw this were horrified and stumbled backward. The old woman knew she could not outrun them, so she could only close her eyes, clasp her hands, and pray. “Monsters are running rampant—Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, please come back quickly and save Great Qin!” The commander of the zombie horde wore a black cloak that covered his face. Riding forward on horseback, he said arrogantly, “Your emperor can barely save himself. He won’t save anyone.” The zombies behind him drooled greedily, among them even the unlucky soldiers who had fallen. Their red eyes fixed on the old woman. She looked up at them, trembling with fear and worry. The leader swung his hand and released a surge of dark demonic power. He shouted an order to the monsters, “Go—kill, bite, vent your resentment!” Instantly, the number of zombies seemed to explode. They surged forward and even pounced on the old woman. Each bared sharp fangs, their savage faces rushing toward her. Helpless, she raised her hands to the sky in plea before sinking into the sea of zombies. The commander stressed, “Today, not a single person in Xianyang City will be left alive!” Inside the city, in the main hall, Meng Tian ran in and urgently reported, “Your Majesty, Xianyang City has been breached by monsters. At present, a large number of them are heading toward Epang Palace. This minister is willing to risk his life to escort Your Majesty and the royal family in retreat.” Dong’er did not know what to do and could only silently assess the situation. Li Yan’er held onto the trembling Ying Yuqi, clearly intending to protect her, while Ying Xi stood nearby in silence. Ying Zheng replied firmly, “How can I leave?” He frowned and declared resolutely, “Right now, Kii’er’s life or death is still unknown. Yet these monsters have seized the chance to invade our Great Qin. Epang Palace is the final battlefield of Great Qin. I will personally go to the front and fight shoulder to shoulder with the soldiers.” Meng Tian’s face was full of alarm, and he hurried to dissuade him. “Your Majesty, absolutely not. As long as the Ying royal house still exists, our Great Qin still has hope.” Ying Zheng shot back, “If the common people under heaven are all gone, what meaning would remain for our Ying house and our Great Qin?” He turned decisively and raised his hand to command, “General Meng Tian, hear my order! Defend Epang Palace to the death. If Epang Palace remains, Great Qin remains.” Meng Tian accepted the command at once and replied, “This minister obeys.” Li Yan’er was consumed with worry. She looked up at the clear sky, her heart aching over the chaos before them. Nature and the scene at hand were utterly at odds. She prayed, “Brother Qi, you must be safe. Great Qin needs you.” Yuan Tan led a troop of spear-wielding soldiers to the city gate to attack. On each of their right arms was a purple tattoo stretching all the way to the chest. Yuan Tan, sitting on horseback, shouted loudly, “I’d like to see how long you can hold out without Ying Qi!” He waved his hand and ordered the soldiers with a tense expression, “Charge!” On the city wall, flaming arrows were already drawn and ready to fire in response. Meng Tian and a squad of soldiers aimed their fire arrows at the enemy. He spoke steadily, without fear or hesitation before the enemy’s might. “Soldiers of Great Qin, hold the wall! If Epang Palace stands, Great Qin stands!” Meng Tian gave the order. “Loose arrows!” The soldiers shouted in unison, “Fire! Fire! Fire!” Tens of thousands of flaming arrows shot out from the wall and struck the countless enemy troops. Flames spread everywhere, forcing them to halt. Yuan Tan curled his lip in scorn, his voice thick with ridicule. “A childish trick. So this is Great Qin’s special weapon?” He raised a hand to signal his soldiers. “Show them a little something.” The soldiers immediately strained themselves, sweat pouring and arm muscles tightening as they turned the wheels of wooden catapults. The moment Yuan Tan shouted, “Release!” dozens of huge stones were launched. Every one of them was set ablaze, massive, crude, and deadly. Those giant flaming boulders flew straight toward the wall like a rain of disaster. Meng Tian was caught off guard and did not know what to do. He could only stand there, staring wide-eyed as the dazzling fireballs came hurtling toward him. Meng Tian only managed to gasp, “Ah, this is...” All the soldiers recoiled in terror, shouting, “Ah, the fireballs are huge!” Just when it seemed everything would end there, an incomparably sharp slash split the fireball in two. Divided in half, it became little different from ordinary stones—only larger, no longer dangerous. It turned out Ying Zheng was the one who had delivered that magnificent, timely strike. He arrived with reinforcing soldiers brimming with demonic power. In his hand was a crimson sword of striking beauty. The entire reinforcement force radiated a majestic golden aura. Meng Tian stared in shock. “Ah, martial power!” The soldiers cheered joyfully, “His Majesty the First Emperor is here! His Majesty the First Emperor is here!” Ying Zheng raised his sword high toward the sky, releasing a surging tide of power. He shouted loudly, fortifying the soldiers’ spirit and faith. “Soldiers of Great Qin! In the past, I used this sword to pacify Qin, punish the six states, and settle the four seas. Today, we will resist these monsters together and defend our Great Qin!” Truly worthy of being a king. His words and will spread like wildfire to the troops, raising their morale, and everyone shouted together, “Defend our Great Qin! Defend our Great Qin!” Ying Zheng ordered, “Use martial power to shatter those thunderfire stones!” The soldiers obeyed, raising two fingers to circulate their inner power, then pointing their swords outside the wall. “Understood!” Meng Tian stood to the side and watched. Before long, all those fireballs were smashed apart, falling from the sky in a shower of rubble, some large, some small. Yuan Tan had not expected this, and his face stiffened. “Looks like they’re harder to deal with than I imagined. But they’re only relying on favorable terrain and desperately resisting.” He tightened his grip on the reins and declared confidently, “Great Qin will finally perish by my hand!” In the Three Kingdoms world, Ying Qi sat in the darkness, analyzing the data on the system screen. Resting a finger under his chin, he wondered, “When is this damned system finally going to recover?” At that moment, a soldier rushed in, frantic and barely able to catch his breath. “Urgent report, General! This is bad! Lü Bu has led a massive cavalry force to the North Gate!” Ying Qi remained perfectly calm and said lightly, “What’s the panic? They’ve come at just the right time!” Ying Qi stood up straight, one hand behind his back and the other giving orders. “Pass on my command: the whole army is to assemble and prepare to meet the enemy!” The soldier hurriedly answered, “Yes, sir!” Ying Qi smiled schemingly and clenched his hand. Suddenly he hesitated a little. “Lü Bu, the strongest warrior of the Three Kingdoms—should I recruit him, or kill him?” Outside Ye City lay a vast expanse of sandy ground, and not far from the gate a powerful army was arrayed, ready to fight at any moment. The leader shouted loudly, “Ying Qi, you little brat, come out and die!” “Ying Qi, Ying Qi, your miserable life won’t last long!” Guan Yu turned to Ying Qi and said, “Benefactor, Lü Bu’s troops seem a little strange today. They only curse and provoke, but they do not attack the city.” Both men sat astride fine warhorses, leading troops and ready to respond. Ying Qi wore a general’s armor, his hair tied high, looking imposing and heroic as he rode a powerful Red Hare steed. Ying Qi smiled brightly and replied cheerfully, “They want to plot against us, so let’s see what sort of scheme they have.” Then he ordered, “You two generals, bring a cavalry detachment and come with me to take a look.” The two immediately agreed. “Yes, sir!” Ying Qi eagerly spurred his horse forward, with the two generals racing after him. “Soldiers, follow me and charge!” The general who stayed behind to hold the troops called after him in shock and concern, “Charging out so rashly, Benefactor—this action is too dangerous!” Ying Qi’s horse, together with the two generals and three other soldiers, stopped some distance from Lü Bu’s army, while tens of thousands of troops remained silently awaiting orders. Lü Bu frowned, jerked the reins, and rode forward, shouting, “Ying Qi, I don’t care where you crawled out from—today is your day to die!” Ying Qi gave a cold laugh and answered the taunt calmly, without the slightest fear or worry. “There are plenty who want my life. It still isn’t your turn.” Lü Bu slashed straight at him, unleashing tremendous power, a streak of force surging along the path of his blade toward Ying Qi’s face. The two generals who had followed Ying Qi from the beginning immediately sprang out to shield their benefactor and counterattacked. Weapons in hand, they easily neutralized Lü Bu’s strike. Their expressions turned grave in battle, no longer relaxed as when they were with Ying Qi. One shouted, “You will not harm my lord!” Guan Yu warned, “Three-surname slave, today is your death day instead!” Standing to one side, Ying Qi showed no obvious emotion as he silently assessed the situation. Lü Bu flew into a rage, his face twisted as he roared and pointed ahead, ordering his soldiers to engage. “Kill them for me!” The troops behind him surged forward on horseback in one great wave, shouting loud enough to shake the sky. “Charge!” The two armies on horseback collided, pressing tightly into one another as they swung swords and brandished spears in close combat, cries of battle rising everywhere. “Kill! Kill!” Dust billowed all around beneath the pounding hooves. Guan Yu suddenly started and looked ahead, having noticed something. Seeing Lü Bu riding off in another direction, he found it extremely strange and immediately turned to report to Ying Qi with a grave expression. “Benefactor, Lü Bu wants to run! Should we pursue?” Ying Qi turned toward Guan Yu. He cast a sidelong glance in the direction Lü Bu had gone and sneered, “Ha, he wants to lure us into their ambush.” Ying Qi grew excited and smiled as he rode after him, leading the two generals, both blazing with fighting spirit, eagerly charging forward. “Then I’ll grant your wish and see just how capable you are!” Ying Qi and the other two rode deeper into the forest. He deliberately shouted so the enemy would know he was close behind. “Pursue!” Lü Bu, some distance ahead of them, heard the cry, turned back to look, and laughed smugly. “Ying Qi, this time you’re definitely dead!” Deep in the forest, amid the dense trees, there was a broad open clearing. In the middle of that patch of land, a large formation had already been set up. A dark purple six-pointed magic circle had been carefully inscribed on the ground. Beside the formation stood a troop of soldiers on guard with spears in hand, seemingly ready for battle at any moment. A soldier ran over, saluted, and urgently reported to Jia Xu, “Strategist, the General has lured the enemy here!” Hearing this, Jia Xu turned around with a sly smile and stroked his chin. “Very good. Once they enter this formation, no matter how capable Ying Qi may be, he will find it hard to escape death.” Guan Yu and the accompanying general charged straight at Lü Bu in close combat. Lü Bu turned around and swung his weapon to block Guan Yu’s blade, shouting, “Hand over your life!” The other general raised his weapon high, rode up beside Lü Bu, and shouted back, “You scoundrel, I, Old Zhang, will battle you!” Thus the three pursued one fleeing man for a long stretch, cutting through the thick forest until they reached that clearing, where Lü Bu quickly urged his horse ahead to shake them off. Suddenly he yanked the reins and halted. His horse reared up high on its front legs. Sitting atop it, Lü Bu looked at Ying Qi and the others with a triumphant smile. Lowering his blade, he said arrogantly, “Hahaha, Ying Qi, this place will be your grave.” Lü Bu stood at the far side of the formation. Behind him were Jia Xu and an entire army lying in wait for the ambush. Jia Xu had been waiting a long time, and he said gleefully, “Close the trap. General Lü, you’ve worked hard—withdraw outside the formation and let me take Ying Qi’s life.” Though Jia Xu said that, Lü Bu stubbornly refused to retreat and leave the task to him. “No. I must personally cut off his head and present it to my foster father.” Ying Qi, together with Guan Yu, Old Zhang, and three other soldiers, stood within the formation, yet none of them turned and fled in fear. Guan Yu laughed loudly. “Hahaha, you think this pack of rabble can take our lives? Ridiculous.” Jia Xu was furious. He released a great quantity of dark magic and controlled a banner that flew high into the sky. Around the banner swirled a strange crimson-purple dark aura, and the entire space was stained with that evil presence. Jia Xu twisted his face and shouted, “Ignorant fools—take a good look at this!” Ying Qi was somewhat shocked. He narrowed his eyes slightly, and once he saw the formation clearly, he broke into a cold sweat and turned pale. He seemed unable to believe his eyes. “Th-this is... the Soul-Summoning Banner?” Suspicious, he searched his memories and asked himself, “What is going on? Why has Great Qin’s ancient divine weapon appeared in this world? Could everything be connected to me?” Guan Yu behind him was no less startled, and concern showed plainly on his face. Jia Xu narrowed his eyes and smiled smugly. Raising his hand, he cast a spell. “At least you have good eyes, to recognize this ancient divine weapon.” Suddenly, strange black shadows poured out from that eerie purple banner. It released countless resentful spirits, like ghostly souls unable to pass on, innumerable and terrifying. Jia Xu said, “To die here after seeing this is not such a waste.” Those vengeful spirits quickly rushed at Old Zhang and the soldiers. They wrapped around them, constricted them, and lifted them into the air. The soldiers screamed, “Ah, ghost souls!” Two resentful spirits closed in on Old Zhang, greedily advancing. Startled, he turned and broke into a cold sweat. “Where did these lonely ghosts and wild spirits come from?” Both Old Zhang and Guan Yu were tightly bound by them, unable to move. The two sat rigidly on their horses, faces twisted in discomfort. Old Zhang shouted, “Ah!” Guan Yu struggled to reach for his weapon but failed. Only then did he realize how dangerous the situation truly was—they were completely unable to use their martial power. Lü Bu seized the momentum and charged forward, grinning wickedly. He rode at extreme speed, bent low, and swung his blade. Infusing his weapon with power, he covered it in a pale golden aura. Curling his lip into a smile, he warned, “All generals, get out of the formation.” Then he laughed delightedly. “Hahaha, the wronged souls can’t hurt me—so I’ll take your dog life first!” Lü Bu thrust the sharp, demonic spearhead straight at Guan Yu’s face. Guan Yu could only stare helplessly as it came at him. He tried to move, but he could not dodge in time and only managed to cry out, “Ah!” Zhang Fei beside him was so frightened that his face turned deathly pale. Eyes wide, he shouted, “Second Brother, be careful!” Just when it seemed everything was over, something suddenly shot through the air, leaving behind a dazzling streak of light. It plunged straight into the ground, interrupting Lü Bu’s attack and splitting him and Guan Yu apart. Lü Bu hurriedly drew back his weapon to avoid it, gritting his teeth as he looked over to see what it was. “Hm?” Guan Yu too stared in shock, mouth agape. As the light gradually faded, a sword came into view. It was embedded in the earth, leaving a deep crater; the surrounding ground and stones had cracked open, and thick smoke billowed from the spot where it landed. Ying Qi smiled in satisfaction. That sword had been thrown by him just in time. Without lowering his hand, he said provocatively, “An ancient divine weapon—do you even know how to use it? Let me teach you.” Ying Qi quickly rode to the sword’s location and, in the blink of an eye, reached out and seized the hilt. He decisively pulled it free, then turned his horse in another direction, inwardly amused. “My Lingxiao Sword is also an ancient heaven-grade divine weapon.” Divine weapons naturally resonated with one another. Seeing that Ying Qi did not even spare him a glance, Lü Bu’s face darkened. He stared after him and began reining in his horse to give chase. Ying Qi leaped straight off his horse. He sprang high into the air and struck toward Jia Xu. “Let’s test a clash between ancient divine weapons.” Seeing events veer far beyond his expectations, Jia Xu was thrown into a panic. Looking at Ying Qi, he stammered, “He... what is he trying to do?” Ying Qi poured a vast amount of power into the strike and, from high above, hurled the sword straight at the banner, blowing it open. The sword slammed into the earth, leaving long cracks in the ground. Dust and smoke swirled wildly across the ground, and strange thin bolts of lightning began to appear. The sky darkened, and thunder roared everywhere. Lightning struck down continuously, sending Jia Xu’s troops fleeing in all directions. Jia Xu himself pulled his horse away but had no time to react. A bolt of lightning struck, causing his horse to rear violently and throw him off balance. Unable to steady himself, he crashed to the ground. Jia Xu’s eyes widened in terror as he shouted in disbelief, “Ah—this is a heavenly sign!” The thunder and lightning also threw Lü Bu from his horse. He slammed heavily onto the ground, grimacing in pain, his eyes narrowed as he cried out, “Ah!” Lü Bu struggled to crawl toward his weapon, which was stuck in the earth not far away. He dragged himself forward painfully, one trembling hand reaching out again and again in agony. Gritting his teeth, he said, “My Fangtian Halberd!” But before Lü Bu’s hand could touch his weapon, a powerful foot came down on it, pinning it in place. Holding the sword in his hand, Ying Qi looked down at him from above. Without the slightest trace of pity or mercy, he said, “I told you. If you came again, I would take your life. Why didn’t you listen?” Lü Bu looked up at Ying Qi and pleaded, trembling, “No... don’t kill me!” Ying Qi said scornfully, “Ha. So the War God Lü Bu is afraid of death too.” He gave a faint laugh, then turned away and asked, “Do you want to submit to me?” Lü Bu struggled to rise, his eyes filled with supplication as he looked pitifully at Ying Qi. “Ah...” Lü Bu stood up, bowed properly, and said in a firm voice, smiling as though he had escaped death with ease, “I’m willing! I’m willing to acknowledge Benefactor as my—” Before he could finish, Ying Qi cut him down directly with a single sharp, decisive slash, ending it in an instant. Ying Qi frowned in irritation. Ying Qi gave him one last glance and said disdainfully, “A pity. I have no intention of giving you a chance.” Lü Bu died with his eyes still open, his body still kneeling, one hand braced against the ground even though his head had already been severed. His halberd remained planted nearby. Jia Xu’s eyes went round with horror. He gaped at the scene before him, unable to believe it, and stammered, “Lü Bu... has been beheaded? No... impossible!” Taking advantage of the moment, Ying Qi grabbed the banner pole. Smiling, he lifted it high into his arms. Unaffected by the dark, ghostly power it emitted or the strange purple lightning crackling around it, he said, “I’ll be taking this Soul-Summoning Banner.” That current of spiritual energy slowly began to swirl around his body. Ying Qi raised the banner before him and began casting a spell, drawing both Lü Bu’s body and his weapon into it. More and more purple smoke poured out, and he said regretfully, “A top-tier fierce general of the Three Kingdoms, and he dies just like that. What a pity.” The banner completely absorbed Lü Bu into its formation. The surrounding aura also began to retract. Jia Xu was utterly astonished. He stared unblinkingly at Ying Qi’s every movement and asked fearfully, “Ying Qi, who are you? You can actually control the ancient divine weapon, the Soul-Summoning Banner.” Ying Qi turned back to face Jia Xu and his men. With a wave of his hand, he recalled the banner, and the purple aura gradually dispersed and vanished. He said, “I didn’t expect there would still be someone who could recognize an ancient divine weapon.” Standing solemnly, Ying Qi offered the enemy troops a choice and snorted coldly, “I’ll give you one chance now. Serve under me, and I guarantee you’ll make achievements and build a career. Refuse to serve under me, and the only place left for you is to wait upon King Yama.” Hearing this, Jia Xu and the other soldiers hurriedly fell to their knees. They kowtowed with their heads pressed to the ground. Jia Xu said haltingly, “Ah... I am willing.” The other soldiers also responded in unison, “We surrender! We are willing to surrender!” Ying Qi smiled and turned away. He raised a hand to signal that they could rise, and said with satisfaction, “Very good. A man who understands the times is a true talent. Lü Bu is dealt with; next comes Dong Zhuo.” The soldiers continued kneeling in thanks, while Jia Xu lifted his head and stared fearfully at Ying Qi’s departing back. Elsewhere, a golden goblet of water was knocked over in sudden agitation. Dong Zhuo was livid with rage. His face darkened as he shouted, “Outrageous! How dare you falsify a battle report! My son Fengxian is invincible in battle—there can be no mistake!” “The Great General has been killed by Ying Qi. Moreover...” Beside Dong Zhuo, on both sides, alluring beauties in revealing clothing were attending him. Neither cared about the matter at hand; they merely smiled seductively at him. The officials around him seemed long accustomed to such scenes, and none dared voice an opinion. They continued standing there, listening to the kneeling soldier with one hand on the floor as he made his report. In fear, he reaffirmed, “It is absolutely true. The Great General has been killed by Ying Qi. Moreover...” Dong Zhuo’s face darkened further, and he impatiently demanded, “Moreover what?” The soldier continued, “Moreover, even his corpse was taken away.” Upon hearing this, Dong Zhuo shot to his feet. Clenching his fists, eyes bulging with fury, he roared, “Men! Muster the generals!” The officials exchanged glances one after another, not knowing what to say or do. Their faces were filled with worry, sweat, and confusion at the events unfolding before them. One brave official stepped forward. Eyes shut, he reluctantly reported, “Grand Preceptor, when the Great General went on campaign, he took all the military generals with him.” At this, Dong Zhuo was so furious his blood seemed to boil. He roughly shoved away the woman embracing him, sending her sprawling backward before she could react. The other woman hurriedly withdrew, watching anxiously. Dong Zhuo said like a madman, “Good. Very good. Then I shall personally go test this Ying Qi.” Outside Luoyang City, dust and smoke blanketed everything, making the scene hazy. Not far from the city stood nine detachments of soldiers in full armor, fully armed and waiting in formation, facing the city gate. Xuande looked ahead. Stroking his beard, he assessed the situation. “Benefactor, it seems Luoyang’s defenses are tight. We cannot attack it head-on.” Ying Qi curled his lips into a faint smile and said nothing. Cao Cao, standing beside him, was equally stern and silent. Ying Qi glanced to the side. He showed neither haste nor concern, only raised his hand in signal as if to begin something, then said, “The defenses are strict indeed. Xuande, just watch.” Suddenly, women in plain white clothing appeared, their hands resting at their waists, where clusters of objects resembling grenades hung from their belts. There was not just one, but many of them—a whole female unit standing there with grave expressions, awaiting orders. Every one of them wore the exact same uniform. Ying Qi said expectantly, “Let them see my Fire Phoenix unit.” At once, wooden machines were brought out, their upper parts spread wide like giant wings. The women began moving one by one toward those wooden devices. The pink-haired woman approached and smiled as she reported, “Benefactor, the Fire Phoenix unit is ready. We can attack at any time.” Hands on his hips, Ying Qi looked at her with satisfaction and said, “Good. Launch the attack immediately.” Hearing this, she promptly responded, “Yes, sir.” She immediately grabbed the long wooden crossbar attached from one end to the other of a kite-shaped device. Her eyes were filled with determination. Crouching low to the ground, one leg stretched back to brace herself, she shouted the signal, “Ignition mechanism ready—launch!” A large number of kite-shaped gliders shot up into the sky. The ones piloting them were those fearless women. The pink-haired woman reminded everyone, “Full-speed flight!” Xuande raised a hand to shield his eyes from the glare as he watched the airborne squadron. Astonished, he gaped and asked, “Benefactor, wh-what kind of weapon is this?” Ying Qi remained utterly calm, folding his arms across his chest. He said mysteriously, “Xuande, don’t be impatient. The truly impressive part is still to come.” Although Cao Cao said nothing, he was no less shocked. Inwardly, he marveled, “Not only did he easily win over Zhen Mi, he can even create such formidable weapons. In both talent and resources, Ying Qi is above me.” Ying Qi pointed ahead and turned with a smile to the utterly bewildered Xuande. “Xuande, look.” The soldiers on the city wall had already spotted the strange things circling in the sky. One of them, sword in hand, shouted an order, “Fire arrows! Quickly, fire arrows! Shoot those things down!” The other soldiers immediately went on alert and hurriedly drew their bows, shooting continuously into the sky. Looking down from above, the pink-haired woman saw the soldiers below desperately firing arrows that could neither reach nor hit anything. Calm and unafraid, she gave the order, “Fire bombs ready—throw!” The others obeyed at once and hurled down the bombs hanging at their waists. They fell from high in the sky like a massive hailstorm. One soldier looked up in terrified confusion and asked, “What are those things?” All the fire bombs exploded at the same instant. The flames blazed up fiercely and spread rapidly, stretching across and covering the top of the city wall. The explosions thundered everywhere. The enemy soldiers were blown to pieces on the spot. Terrified, they tried to flee for their lives, but it was too late, and they perished in the sea of fire. Some ran desperately, eyes bulging as they screamed nonstop, “Ah! It’s on fire!” Others shrieked, “Help!” Xuande clenched his palm tightly. Unable to hide his admiration as he looked at Ying Qi, he said with a smile, “Benefactor, this weapon can truly be called heavenly thunder and earthly fire. Benefactor is indeed a divine man.” Ying Qi raised his sword high and pointed forward, his face stern as he ordered, “Pass the command to the three armies—charge directly through the city gate!” Cao Cao still had not recovered from the shock. He had witnessed everything from beginning to end, yet could not utter a single word. His mouth hung open, his eyes wide at the scene before him. Those women discarded their gliders and jumped straight down from the wall. Looking downward, the pink-haired woman drew one leg up, ready to land, and informed the others, “Prepare to land.” The others jumped after her and replied, “Understood.” The moment their feet touched the ground, the pink-haired woman and the others drew their daggers and entered the fight. She decisively cut down the soldier before her and said to her comrades, “Fast battle, quick finish.” The others were no less formidable. They eliminated every obstacle before them with incredible speed, often with a single slash. Some struck before the enemy could react; others showed no hesitation, stabbing straight into the opposing soldiers and forcing them backward with heads thrown up in agony. Zhang Fei, looking incomparably fierce, also charged in. One of the women answered the command seriously, “Understood.” Zhang Fei raised his blade and rushed into the enemy encirclement. He hacked wildly in all directions, shouting loudly and terrifying the enemy so thoroughly that they stood there dazed, not daring to advance. “Ya! Ya! Ya!” Zhang Fei shouted excitedly, “Kill! This is satisfying!” Outside, Ying Qi and the others also began moving. Looking at Guan Yu with anticipation, Ying Qi smiled and said, “Yunchang, let me see whether your martial skill has improved.” Hearing this, Guan Yu faced the wide-open city gate and answered, “Understood.” Guan Yu raised his blade toward the sky, gathered his strength, and unleashed the martial skill within him. Tilting his face slightly upward, he shouted, “Hah!” He released the move Coiling Dragon Emerging from the Sea. Instantly, a gigantic pale golden dragon formed from his power, threaded with small arcs of lightning. It coiled around his blade and opened its mouth angrily toward the front. In the blink of an eye, the solid city wall was blown apart by Yunchang’s attack. Earth and stones flew in all directions. The enemy soldiers cried out in alarm, shouting, “Ah! The enemy has broken the gate!” Seizing the opportunity, Ying Qi’s troops surged in as well, roaring, “Kill!” Realizing they could no longer hold them back, Dong Zhuo’s soldiers turned and fled deeper inside in terror. “Run! The enemy has broken through the gate!” With Ying Qi and Yunchang at the front, the army advanced proudly into the city. Ying Qi said, “Yunchang, hunt down the remaining enemies in the city. I’m going into the palace to take Dong Zhuo’s head.” The corner of his mouth lifted in a smile—he had finally achieved the intention he had held for so long. Dong Zhuo, I’ve come to take your miserable life. At the same time, outside the main hall of the imperial palace in Luoyang, palace maids and court officials alike fled while shouting, “Run!” “They’ve killed their way into the palace—ah!” Even the maids attending Dong Zhuo were trembling all over with fear, yet they did not dare flee first. They said to him, “Grand Preceptor, they’ve stormed into the palace. What should we do? Should we run too?” At these words, Dong Zhuo seemed to go mad and burst into loud laughter. “Hahaha!” Then he seized the woman’s throat and squeezed hard, making her eyes roll back before she could even react. Without a shred of hesitation, Dong Zhuo killed the woman who had long stayed by his side. He said loudly, “Hahaha, run? A bunch of ants have come here to throw away their lives.” Seeing this, another maid collapsed to the ground, trembling and crying as she begged for mercy, “Grand Preceptor, please don’t!” But he had no intention of stopping. He killed every last one of them in succession without the slightest mercy. His eyes were red as blood, and the corners of his mouth curled upward in wild laughter. “Hahaha, come then, come! I’m hungry!” At that moment, Ying Qi had also reached the doorway. As soon as he entered, he saw people fleeing out in panic and shouting, “The Grand Preceptor has gone mad! Run!” He seemed to sense that something was wrong and thought to himself, “Hm. The smell of blood is far too strong. What is going on?” Without further hesitation, Ying Qi strode directly into Dong Zhuo’s chamber. Inside, Dong Zhuo was already sitting there waiting, surrounded by a bizarre and ghostly aura. In a low voice, he asked, “So you are Ying Qi? I’ve been waiting for you a long time.” Seeing this, Ying Qi showed no fear. Pointing his sword straight at Dong Zhuo’s face, he shouted, “I am Ying Qi, and I’ve come to take your life.” Those words made Dong Zhuo laugh like a madman as he asked, “Hahaha, you arrogant brat wants to take my life too?” As he spoke, he stomped heavily on the ground. At once, something seemed to surge up from beneath the floor, splitting the wooden planks apart. “Truly ridiculous, hahaha!” Seeing this scene, Ying Qi felt a growing suspicion. “What kind of formation is this?” Dong Zhuo seemed to have completely lost his sanity. His pupils constricted as he said, “Drown in my sea of blood, insect!” At Ying Qi’s feet, fresh blood suddenly welled up from nowhere, thick and slimy, startling him into blurting out, “This is...” It was not only blood—countless undead corpses were also rising up. With crimson eyes and sharp fangs, they looked at Ying Qi and growled, “Urgh!” The formation Dong Zhuo was using was the Blood Pool Flesh Forest. He summoned wave after wave of vengeful souls of the dead and shouted, “I’m hungry! I’m hungry!” Ying Qi said, “I never expected such a vicious blood-sacrifice formation to appear.” As time passed, Dong Zhuo was no longer within the body of a human—he had become a ghostly fiend. He shrieked miserably, “So hungry!” Ying Qi’s expression turned somewhat wary as he thought, “Even Dong Zhuo himself has turned into an evil ghost. Just how many lives has he sacrificed?” Looking at the howling evil spirits crying, “So hungry, so hungry!” he directly slashed several times and destroyed a number of them. “This Blood Pool barrier is draining my martial power. I still haven’t fully recovered, so I can’t withstand this formation for long. I need another way.” After he destroyed the undead, Dong Zhuo himself came next. His body swelled to several times its original size as he swung his sharp claws at Ying Qi and laughed. “Hahaha, feel it? You’re being swallowed by me!” Hearing this, Ying Qi cast a sidelong glance around him, probing the situation. Just as Dong Zhuo had said, the space had become extraordinarily bizarre. Ying Qi thought to himself, “So this space is actually a giant stomach sac? This Dong Zhuo really is troublesome. Though I can’t be a hundred percent sure, I can only try.” At once, Ying Qi took out Lü Bu’s soul-gathering banner and grinned. “Dong Zhuo, your son Fengxian has come to see you!” As he said this, he shouted loudly, “Lü Bu Fengxian, heed my summons—present yourself!” Dong Zhuo was horrified by the sight and blurted out, “This...” Before he could understand what was happening, Lü Bu emerged from within the banner, imposing as a god. “Lü Bu Fengxian answers the summons and comes to pay his respects.” Seeing his son, Dong Zhuo was overjoyed and shouted, “My son Fengxian! It is my son Fengxian!” But before he could rejoice for long, Ying Qi gave Lü Bu an order. “Your foster father misses you dearly. I command you—kill him!” Lü Bu instantly shot toward Dong Zhuo as he answered, “Lü Bu Fengxian obeys the command!” Seeing his beloved son obediently listening to the enemy, Dong Zhuo cried out in shock, “Ying Qi, what have you done to my son Fengxian?” Lü Bu still wore the same expressionless look, without the slightest hesitation. He thrust his spear straight at the beloved old father before him. “By my lord’s command, I take your head!” Dong Zhuo quickly calmed himself, raised a hand to block the strike, and roared, “You are not my son Fengxian!” Such was the force of his move that Lü Bu was sent flying backward by the impact. Then Ying Qi continued giving orders, “Lü Bu, end this quickly. Use your ultimate move and break through the barrier now!” Lü Bu answered, “Lü Bu obeys!” At once, his whole body shot straight up into the air again. By now, he had also become completely frenzied, out of control, his eyes blazing red as he roared, “My imperial throne, my imperial ambition—no one can stop me! Ying Qi, I’m going to devour you alive!” After charging to close enough range, Lü Bu directly unleashed his technique: “Divine-Demon Punishes Heaven!” A mighty warrior manifested behind him and shouted, “If a god blocks me, I kill the god! If a Buddha blocks me, I kill the Buddha!” The strike shook heaven and earth, leaving Dong Zhuo utterly unable to resist. His eyes widened as flames engulfed his whole body, and he cried out, “My imperial throne, my imperial ambition!” From outside, everyone could see that all the lightning in the sky was striking down upon Dong Zhuo. They shouted, “This is bad! Our benefactor is in danger!” Only when they saw Ying Qi walk out did they finally relax somewhat. Liu Bei stepped forward and asked, “Benefactor, you’re injured?” Guan Yu also rushed over. “Benefactor, how are you?” He replied, “I’m fine. This Demon King Dong Zhuo was difficult to deal with, but fortunately he’s been taken care of.” Liu Bei smiled and added, “Benefactor, your martial might is unmatched! Second Brother, Third Brother, quickly help Benefactor treat his wounds!” Standing before all the soldiers, Ying Qi said, “The traitor who stole the nation, Dong Zhuo, has been slain by my hand. Before long, we shall hold the grand ceremony for the Son of Heaven’s ascension.” Everyone shouted in unison, “Benefactor, unmatched in might! Great General, unmatched in might!” From behind them, Cao Cao looked at him and thought to himself, “Ying Qi killed Demon King Dong Zhuo all by himself. I need to make plans early.” Time quickly passed, and three days later, in Luoyang, a loud voice rang out from inside the palace: “Support the Han house, destroy the rebels! Great Han under Heaven, may it endure for ten thousand years!” Just like that, Liu Xie officially ascended the throne. Sitting in the great seat and looking down at the officials, the young boy said, “Rise, my ministers.” “Today, I was able to return to the imperial capital entirely thanks to Great General Ying Qi. Great General Ying Qi has rendered peerless merit, and so I confer upon him the title of Chancellor. From this day forth, he shall be my Imperial Tutor.” Hearing this, everyone shouted in unison, “Congratulations to the Great General on ascending to the position of Chancellor!” Ying Qi, however, was the opposite of them. With a slightly doubtful expression, he thought to himself, “Imperial Tutor? In history, not many people called Imperial Tutor ended well.” A while after attending Liu Xie’s enthronement ceremony, Ying Qi went outside and said to Liu Bei, “Xuande, you will lead the people in organizing the enthronement ceremony. On that day, I will open the Heavenly Dao Gate.” With his hands clasped respectfully, Liu Bei replied, “Benefactor, rest assured. I will definitely handle it properly.” Ying Qi smiled and thought to himself, “The little emperor has ascended the throne, and once the Heavenly Dao Gate is opened, I must return to the world of Great Qin as soon as possible.” After thinking that, he said, “Mm, then all of you go and make your preparations.” As everyone was gradually dispersing and returning home, Cao Cao suddenly approached Ying Qi and softly called out, “Benefactor, please wait.” Ying Qi turned to look at him and asked, “Mm, Mengde, what is it?” He answered, “It’s nothing important. It’s just that an old friend of mine, Minister of Works Wang Yun—back then everyone served his own master and could not act freely. Now that Benefactor has not looked down on him, he especially prepared a small gift as thanks and had it delivered to your bedchamber.” Hearing that, Ying Qi asked curiously, “Oh, Wang Yun? What kind of small gift?” But Cao Cao did not answer. He merely gestured toward the palace and said, “Benefactor will know when you see it.” Ying Qi thought to himself, “I’d like to see what trick you’re playing, Cao Aman.” After walking for a while, Ying Qi and Cao Cao finally returned to the bedchamber. The moment he stepped inside, Ying Qi asked, “Minister Wang, what are you up to?” Wang Yun smiled and replied, “Please calm your anger, Benefactor. This humble official specially prepared a small gift for you inside the room. Benefactor, please.” The more Ying Qi looked, the stranger Wang Yun seemed, and he thought, “So mysterious. Let’s see what you’re doing.” Just as he stepped into the room, there suddenly came a knock at the door from outside. Turning around in surprise, he asked, “Hm? What is this about?” Not making Ying Qi wait long, a graceful woman in peach-pink clothing entered from outside. Her figure was lush and perfectly formed, and clasping her hands together, she smiled and said, “This humble girl, Diao Chan, pays her respects to Benefactor.” Hearing that name, Ying Qi suddenly froze and blurted out, “What? Diao Chan?” Before he could even react, she had already appeared right behind him, lightly placing a hand on his shoulder as she asked, “Does Benefactor find this servant unworthy?” Ying Qi cast her a sidelong glance and thought, “What is going on here? Is this an illusion?” Just as Ying Qi suspected, the entire room had already been covered by Diao Chan’s illusion technique. It even seemed extremely powerful. His body refused to obey him—this illusion really was formidable. Still looking delicate and graceful, Diao Chan moved close to Ying Qi and whispered, “Benefactor, you’re hurting this servant.” Ying Qi did not rush to act. Instead, he played along with her act and reached out to wrap an arm tightly around her waist. Once he had gotten close enough, he directly gathered spiritual energy behind his hand and replied with a smile, “Diao Chan really does have some skill. Unfortunately, you picked the wrong person.” With a single strike, Ying Qi shattered the illusion filling the room, causing Diao Chan to fall backward with a cry. “Ah!” Hearing the loud noise, Cao Cao pushed open the door and entered. Looking at Wang Yun, he barked, “Minister Wang, how dare you!” Wang Yun sighed and replied, “This humble official deserves death. I have alarmed Benefactor.” At that, all three of them knelt down and cried out together, “Benefactor, please forgive us!” Ying Qi immediately said, “It’s fine, it’s fine. You’ve all gone to a lot of trouble, bringing me the greatest beauty of the Three Kingdoms. It’s just that I’m not interested.” Having said that, he turned and walked farther inside, ordering, “All right, you may leave. I want to rest for a while.” They immediately withdrew. “We dare not remain and disturb Benefactor. This servant takes her leave.” Watching the group depart, Ying Qi understood the whole matter clearly and thought to himself, “This Cao Cao really is no ordinary man.” Just after they left, Liu Bei also hurried in. Seeing him, Ying Qi asked in surprise, “Xuande, is something the matter?” Liu Bei replied, “Benefactor, this Diao Chan is the demon enchantress of Luoyang. You must be careful.” Hearing that, Ying Qi answered, “It’s fine. My specialty is subduing demons. Xuande, you rushed here in such a hurry—is something wrong?” Remembering the main issue, Liu Bei said, “Mm, there is something strange I need to report to Benefactor.” At this point, Liu Bei’s expression became extremely grave, and he continued, “Dong Zhuo’s head is gone.” Those words struck Ying Qi like a bolt from the blue, and he exclaimed in shock, “Dong Zhuo’s corpse has disappeared?” Liu Bei replied, “Mm. Guan Yu and I searched the entire imperial palace and couldn’t find it.” Ying Qi raised a hand to stroke his chin and pondered, “Could it be that one of Dong Zhuo’s followers took away his corpse? Forget it. Go take care of the emperor’s enthronement ceremony.” Liu Bei answered, “Yes.” Time quickly passed again until the next morning. Inside the palace city, birds chirped noisily. Inside a room, the voices of two people could be heard. “All right, you may leave.” “Yes.” It turned out that the one who had stolen Dong Zhuo’s corpse was none other than Cao Cao. He stood there looking at the corpse, seemingly deep in thought. Then he smiled and said, “Demon King Dong Zhuo, wouldn’t it be a bit of a pity for you to die like this?” As he spoke, Cao Cao tore open Dong Zhuo’s abdomen with his hand, searching for something. After searching for a while, he finally found what he wanted: an object like crystal that gave off an eerie purple light. Cao Cao’s eyes lit up as he exclaimed, “With this Demon King essence bone, the world will be mine!” He had now been completely driven mad by that dark thing. His pupils glowed blood-red, purple veins bulged all over his body, and he threw back his head in wild laughter. The scene shifted to the main palace hall, where Liu Bei stood before all the people and shouted, “The auspicious hour has arrived—the Son of Heaven ascends the throne!” The court officials also called out together, “We respectfully invite Your Majesty to inherit the great treasure!” Dressed in imperial robes, Liu Xie stepped onto the enthronement platform. “Long live Your Majesty! Long live, long live Your Majesty!” By then, Ying Qi was already waiting there. Handing over the sacred artifact to the current emperor, he said, “The orthodox line of the Han shall flourish for ten thousand generations!” The officials below echoed in unison, “The orthodox line of the Han shall flourish for ten thousand generations!” Looking at Liu Xie and the scene below, Ying Qi thought to himself, “Who would have thought that an emperor of Great Qin like me would end up supporting the little emperor of the Han in his ascension? It really is a bit awkward.” Just as that thought ended, countless streaks of golden lightning suddenly descended from the sky, frightening everyone. “Ah! A heavenly phenomenon—a heavenly phenomenon has descended!” Holding the Imperial Seal in his hand, Ying Qi smiled and said, “The mission is complete. It’s time to open the Heavenly Dao Gate. I’ve been away from the world of Great Qin for too long. I wonder how Father Emperor and Yan’er are doing.” As he spoke, he sent the Imperial Seal flying into the air and shouted, “Heavenly Dao Gate, open!” The Heavenly Dao Gate quickly appeared, causing everyone to whisper among themselves. “Is that the Dragon Seal of Great Qin, lost for a hundred years?” “It’s the Dragon Seal—the Dragon Seal has appeared!” Standing below, Liu Xie looked at Ying Qi’s departing figure and shouted, “Benefactor!” Ying Qi said softly, “Xuande, I have urgent business and will be leaving for a time. I leave this world in your hands.” But before he could carry out that intention, just as he drew near the Heavenly Dao Gate, a mass of purple mist with a gigantic skull suddenly materialized behind him and shouted, “Ha ha, Ying Qi! You’ll never return to this world again—go die!” “Hmph!” Caught completely off guard and not knowing what was happening, Ying Qi was struck with a fatal blow to the back by that skull monster, making him cry out in pain. “Ah!” His body was sent flying straight into the Heavenly Dao Gate. As soon as Ying Qi flew inside, that eerie purple mist immediately engulfed the Heavenly Dao Gate and coiled tightly around it from within. Guan Yu was stunned by the sight and asked with wide eyes, “Where did this demonic mist come from?” Liu Bei also added, “Is this the power of a Demon King? But didn’t Dong Zhuo already die?” After being constricted for a while, the Heavenly Dao Gate finally shattered into countless fragments and vanished. Standing atop the platform, Liu Xie panicked and hurried down, shouting, “Ah! Protect me! Quickly, protect me!” Cao Cao finally revealed himself. He had become incomparably savage and burst into loud laughter. “Ha ha, in the end, the world still belongs to the Cao clan!” Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and the others rushed over and shouted, “Cao Aman, you actually absorbed Dong Zhuo’s power. Are you plotting rebellion?” Hearing that, he asked in return, “Rebellion? Ha ha.” As he spoke, Cao Cao reached out and seized Liu Xie, dragging him over. “Submit to me and live; oppose me and die.” Staring at Liu Xie with killing intent, he grinned and said, “The one ascending the throne today is not him—it is me.” As he said that, he tightened his grip around Liu Xie’s throat, making the boy’s eyes roll back as he cried out, “Ah!” “Go die!” Seeing how urgent the situation was, Liu Bei pointed at Cao Cao and shouted, “Traitor Cao, you dare murder the emperor? We’ll fight you to the death!” Guan Yu could no longer stand by either and added, “The traitor Cao murdered the emperor—he should be killed. Everyone, attack together!” At the same time, in another space entirely, Ying Qi continued drifting in midair, with no idea how long he had been floating. He exclaimed, “Ah, is this a rift in time and space?” “This is bad. The Heavenly Dao Gate is in chaos. Time and space can no longer be controlled.” Countless images of happy memories with everyone flashed through Ying Qi’s mind, and he asked himself, “With time and space in disorder, can I no longer return to the world of Great Qin?” He reached out and gently touched the fragment of memory containing Yan’er, calling out, “Yan’er!” In the midst of that surge of emotion, a blinding light suddenly shone from somewhere, so bright that Ying Qi could not keep his eyes open. The space before him seemed to explode, creating a violent shockwave, and he cried out, “Ah!” Some time later, somewhere beneath a high blue sky, a ray of light suddenly flashed. From that ray of light, a strange object shot out and plunged straight into a forest. The one who had just fallen was none other than Ying Qi. He stood up, walked out of the crater, scratched his head, and looked around blankly. “This is... It doesn’t seem to be the world of Great Qin, and my power hasn’t fully recovered either.” While he was still assessing the situation around him, a loud voice suddenly came from not far away. “Traitor, don’t run! We’ll definitely kill you today!” Ying Qi cast a glance in that direction and said, “Hm? There’s someone there.” It turned out that a young man was being chased by a group of soldiers, running as he cried to the heavens for help. “Help!” Suddenly, he spotted Ying Qi standing there. As if he had found a lifeline, he hurriedly shouted, “Hero! Hero, save me!” The young man, a complete stranger, immediately hid behind Ying Qi and said, “Hero, I beg you, save me!” Ying Qi remained standing where he was, arms folded in front of his chest, and turned to ask, “Hm, who are you? Where is this place?” Just as he finished speaking, the soldiers had already caught up, each of them holding a weapon as they shouted, “You damned traitor—you even have accomplices!” As he said that, one of them leaped into the air with an axe in hand and charged at Ying Qi. “We’re taking all of you back to see the Alliance Leader!” But before he could show off for long, Ying Qi kicked him flying off to one side. Just a bunch of ordinary people with no martial foundation. Seeing their companion kicked up and left hanging upside down from a tree branch, unconscious, the soldiers were horrified, eyes wide and mouths agape. They cried out together, “One kick—how terrifying!” The moment they finished speaking, the whole group turned and fled at full speed. “Quick, retreat! We’re no match for him! Retreat, retreat and report back to the Alliance Leader!” Seeing that all the soldiers had run off, the young man put his hands on his hips and shouted with a confident look, “You bunch of trash! So that’s all it took to scare you off? Relying on people like you to accomplish the great cause of restoring the Yuan? In your next life!” Hearing that, Ying Qi thought to himself, “Restore the Yuan? Could this be the Ming dynasty?” To clarify his suspicions, he turned to the young man and asked, “What dynasty is it now?” The young man smiled and replied, “What dynasty? You mean what year is it now, right? This year is Zhizheng, year sixteen. But it won’t be for much longer. Once I become emperor, I’m changing this damned reign title!” The more Ying Qi heard, the more shocked he became, and he asked, “What’s your name?” The young man pointed at himself and introduced himself. “I am Zhu Chongba!” There was no more room for doubt. Ying Qi thought to himself, “What? This guy is Zhu Yuanzhang?” Ying Qi began stroking his chin as he sorted through the situation. “So I’ve actually arrived in the world of Great Ming. Judging from what happened before, this Heavenly Dao Gate opens when dynasties are changing. Does that mean I have to help this man become emperor?” Seeing Ying Qi standing there in a daze, Zhu Chongba puffed out his chest and confidently said, “When I become emperor, every breakfast I’m going to eat two bowls of meat soup—drink one and dump one out!” Those words left Ying Qi speechless, and he could only utter, “Uh...” After saying that, the young man looked at Ying Qi, clasped his hands, and smiled. “Many thanks to Hero for saving my life just now. I will definitely repay you in the future. From now on, you are my benefactor. I wonder where Benefactor intends to go?” Hearing that, Ying Qi felt an odd sense of familiarity and thought to himself, “Benefactor again? I don’t want to be your benefactor.” After thinking it over, he replied, “Where am I going? I’d like to know that myself.” The young man suggested, “If Benefactor doesn’t know where to go, why not come with me? I have a friend nearby. Let’s find him and fill our stomachs first.” That made Ying Qi pause. “Uh...” He also felt there was some sense in what the young man said. As things stood, he truly had no idea where to go. So he might as well follow him and get a full meal first. After the two of them traveled for a while, they finally arrived at a small house on the mountain. Zhu Chongba pointed at the house and said, “We’re almost there. That’s the place!” While walking, Ying Qi suddenly heard the faint sound of a zither by his ear. He thought to himself, “Listening to that music, the one playing it must have an extraordinary martial foundation. But within the sound of the instrument, there also seems to be a trace of killing intent.” Zhu Chongba briskly ran ahead, flung open the door, and charged inside excitedly, saying, “Old Liu, I’m here!” But what met his eyes made him freeze on the spot, his eyes widening in shock as he blurted out, “This...” It turned out that inside the house, soldiers were already waiting, pointing their swords at the old man sitting there playing the zither as they said, “Zhu Chongba, you traitor—we’ve been waiting for you for a long time!” Without another word, one soldier directly swung his blade at Zhu Chongba. Fortunately, he dodged in time. Startled, Old Liu, who was sitting behind him, shouted, “Old Zhu, be careful!” The soldier had no intention of sparing him either, and continued swinging his blade toward the old man’s back in a sneak attack. But Old Liu was no simple man either. With only a few moves, he brought down several soldiers in the blink of an eye. He urged, “Quick, rush outside!” As he spoke, he ran with Zhu Chongba toward the door. But before they could escape, Zhu Chongba stopped in terror and blurted out, “This...” Old Liu said, “We’re finished this time!” Right in front of them was a large force of soldiers. Leading them was a mounted general in armor who looked imposing in the extreme. “We’re surrounded!” The general looked at the two of them and shouted, “Kill these rebels who don’t know whether to live or die!” As soon as he finished speaking, a rain of sharp arrows shot toward the men standing before the house. They were attacked in a relentless barrage and had no time to fight back. One after another, they were cut down, crying out, “Aaah!” One of them still managed to break free, gripping his saber as he leaped straight at the officer and roared, “You damn Tartar dog, I’ll fight you to the death!” The officer said nothing in reply. He only silently raised his own blade, his face dark and his gaze razor-sharp. He slashed out with overwhelming force, gritting his teeth as he bellowed, “Die!” After dealing with those soldiers, they closed in once more on Zhu Chongba and Liu Ji. The officer said, “You lowly worms dare resist our Great Yuan? There is only one path for you—death!” But in the middle of speaking, he suddenly stopped, confusion clear in his eyes as he looked at Ying Qi and asked, “Who are you? How could you remain unharmed even under a volley of ten thousand arrows?” Old Liu was also astonished and turned to Zhu Chongba. “Old Zhu, did you bring this man with you?” Clutching his wounded arm, Zhu Chongba replied, “Yeah, he’s my lifesaving benefactor.” Standing before the officer, Ying Qi showed no fear. On the contrary, he looked at him with utter contempt, folding his arms before his chest as he said, “What I hate most is barbarian scum like you!” The officer was startled by that tone and asked again, “Who are you?” The corners of Ying Qi’s lips curled into a faint smile as he replied, “Who am I? You’re not worthy of knowing, because—” As he spoke, Ying Qi moved like a bolt of lightning and appeared right behind the officer before the man could even react. “You’re about to become a dead man!” The moment the words left his mouth, a mere wave of his hand severed the man’s head from his neck, killing him instantly. Witnessing this scene, Old Liu and Zhu Chongba were both horrified, their mouths hanging open as they blurted out, “That’s terrifying!” The remaining soldiers huddled together, trembling as they cried, “The general’s been cut down?” They quickly pulled out a signal flare to call for help. “This is bad! Hurry, fire the signal and call reinforcements!” At that very moment, not far away, the reinforcements saw the flare shot into the sky. Old Liu said in fear, “We’re done for. Once the main Yuan force arrives, they’ll surround this entire mountain.” The soldiers were no longer afraid. Wielding their sabers, they charged at Ying Qi and shouted, “Just wait for death!” But to him, they were no more than flies and mosquitoes. He directly unleashed several arcs of blade qi, blasting both their bodies and their swords to pieces. “Wait for death? You should die first!” And he did not stop there. Ying Qi drew his bow and used the Divine Archery Technique, firing five arrows at once. The five arrows shot out with wind-rending speed, piercing through the soldiers and killing them before they could even gasp. “Ah! Run!” Standing nearby, Zhu Chongba and Old Liu had their horizons broadened yet again. Old Liu asked, “This is martial power? Old Zhu, how did you ever come to know such a divine man?” Zhu Chongba stammered, “Uh, well…” After dealing with those soldiers, Ying Qi walked over to the two of them and asked, “Who are you?” Old Liu immediately cupped his hands respectfully and replied, “I am Liu Ji, many thanks, brave hero, for saving us.” Hearing that name, Ying Qi thought to himself, Liu Bowen? Just then, the whole mountain suddenly seemed to shake from the thunderous sound of approaching footsteps. Zhu Chongba quickly realized what it was and said, “This is bad! The Tartar army has surrounded the mountain. Let’s run up the mountain and hide.” Liu Ji also looked at Ying Qi and said, “That’s right, benefactor. Even with your divine skills, it will still be hard to resist an army of thousands upon thousands from the Yuan forces. Not to mention, they have cannons.” Ying Qi raised a hand and stroked his chin, thinking it over. My strength hasn’t recovered yet. That Divine Archery Technique just now was already the limit of my martial power. Looks like for now I can only go with them and quickly reopen the Heavenly Dao Gate. Suddenly, a huge explosion erupted right beside them, splitting the earth apart and sending debris flying everywhere. The three of them immediately ran to find cover. “Stop thinking about it, benefactor. Let’s head into the mountain first and talk later.” “Alright!” After running for quite a while, they finally reached a massive cliff, and at its edge there was a cave entrance. Zhu Chongba stood there panting. “I’m exhausted. The Yuan troops probably won’t chase us all the way here.” Standing beside him, Liu Ji took out a bottle of medicine and said, “Old Zhu, let me treat your wound.” While the two were tending to their injuries, Ying Qi turned his gaze toward the cave entrance there. Suddenly, a flurry of flower petals drifted out from inside on the wind. His eyes widened as he said, “There’s someone in this cave!” Hearing that, Zhu Chongba exclaimed, “What?” Looking at the petals drifting before his eyes, he said in surprise, “This is…” After observing for a moment, Zhu Chongba wondered aloud, “The White Lotus Sect?” At the same time, deep inside the cave, an extremely mysterious ritual was underway. A crowd stood there, and before them was a large lotus dais surrounded by flower petals. In unison they chanted, “Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world! Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” And with those words, a human foot slowly appeared. “Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” Amid the crowd’s cheers, a man dressed in white appeared, golden light radiating from his head. He was Han Shantong, leader of the White Lotus Sect. He lightly raised an arm, and the crowd understood at once, falling silent. After they quieted down, Han Shantong spoke. “The five stars align, the heavenly hound devours the moon; Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world! We have waited too long. Today is the day when we, the disciples of the White Lotus Sect, cleanse this muddy world!” “Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” In the sky above, the moon tonight was not full but a crescent, now risen high to the very peak, shining its light down below through a large opening above the cave. Han Shantong raised both hands high and shouted, “The auspicious hour has arrived—the moon sacrifice ritual begins!” Hearing this, the crowd dropped to their knees and said, “Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” He then tilted his face toward the sky and continued the ritual to completion. “Disciple Han Shantong respectfully invites the Radiant King to appear in the world! Grant this disciple divine power to cleanse this muddy world! Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” At the most critical moment, Ying Qi appeared and landed directly behind him. The crowd kneeling below the lotus dais was dumbfounded at the sight. “Huh? That person is…” Ying Qi paid them no attention. Standing in the middle of the lotus dais, he absorbed the increasingly powerful energy radiating there and thought to himself, This is the alignment of the five stars—the power of heavenly omens! Feeling the martial power within his body beginning to recover, this scene also left Han Shantong utterly baffled, and he blurted out, “This is… who are you?” Everyone stared wide-eyed, pointing at Ying Qi as they asked, “What is going on here?” After absorbing enough spiritual energy, Ying Qi jumped down. Zhu Chongba and Liu Ji had also just made their way inside by then. Zhu Chongba asked, “Benefactor, how did you get in from up there?” He replied, “It was just faster that way.” Han Shantong furiously pointed at the three of them and shouted, “Who are you people, barging in and ruining our sect’s sacred ritual?” The men behind him added, “Brazen madmen! How dare you disrupt our sect’s ritual! Kill them! Kill them!” Seeing themselves surrounded, Liu Ji said, “That was a bit rash this time. What do we do now?” Zhu Chongba chimed in, “How about we join their sect too? Maybe they’ll spare us.” But Ying Qi thought otherwise. His face darkened, and the corner of his mouth lifted into a faint smile as he answered, “The ones who want to die are them.” The moment he finished speaking, a large troop of soldiers suddenly poured in through the cave entrance. The crowd recognized them instantly. “It’s the Tartars! The Tartars have stormed in!” They ran toward the soldiers and shouted, “Tartar scum, how dare you break into our sacred ground!” But those soldiers showed no courtesy at all. They directly raised their firearms and riddled the White Lotus followers with bullets. Watching the White Lotus people scatter in panic, Liu Ji said, “We’re dead for sure this time. The Tartars have sent in their most terrifying firearm troops.” Ying Qi thought to himself, I didn’t expect the Yuan people of this world to be using firearms this early already. That makes them a bit troublesome to deal with. Interrupting his thoughts, a bald man stepped in, carrying a huge axe on his shoulder, and said, “Before I kill you, you must answer one question from this commander.” He had his men bring in the headless corpse of the officer and place it right in front of them. Then he pointed his axe straight at the group and roared, “Who killed my younger brother? If someone tells me, I may spare his miserable life.” He was Nie Muhua, right-wing commander of the Great Yuan. Hearing this, the White Lotus followers turned to each other and whispered, having no idea what was going on. While they were still in confusion, Ying Qi openly admitted it: “I killed him!” With one hand on his hip and not the slightest fear on his face, he continued, “I killed your little brother. I took him down with a single move.” Every word Ying Qi spoke left the White Lotus crowd terrified. “If you want to blame someone, blame him for being too useless to take a hit.” The moment Nie Muhua heard those words from Ying Qi’s mouth, rage boiled through his blood. He smashed his axe hard into the ground. Violent spiritual power burst from his body, his face darkened, and killing intent filled his expression as he said, “Leave this one to me. Kill all the others!” The soldiers accepted the order at once. “Understood!” Some time passed, and the moon hung overhead. Inside the rocky cave, the Tartar soldiers and the White Lotus Sect clashed in a brutal melee. “Ah! The Yuan army has pushed all the way in!” Han Shantong could no longer stand by and endure it. He directly gave the order, “Disciples of my White Lotus Sect, kill the Yuan dogs! Kill!” Everyone shouted in unison, “Kill!” As soon as he finished speaking, he tightened his grip on his staff and leaped at Nie Muhua, roaring, “Yuan dog, die!” But before Han Shantong could land even a single strike, Nie Muhua sent him flying aside with a blow from his giant axe. “Ah!” The immensely powerful hit slammed Han Shantong straight into the edge of the cliff wall, sending dirt and stone everywhere. With blood-red eyes, Nie Muhua looked at the White Lotus crowd and said, “Who else?” Zhu Chongba and Liu Ji, standing nearby, were horrified by what they had just seen. Zhu Chongba said, “Uh, with just one blow… that power…” Liu Ji immediately replied, “Nie Muhua, one of the Four Great Fierce Generals of the Great Yuan—truly terrifying!” The entire White Lotus Sect could not endure such humiliation. They all charged together, shouting, “Everyone, avenge the sect leader! Kill!” But if even their sect leader could not withstand him, then they meant less than nothing before Nie Muhua. With only a few swings of his axe, he sent them flying in all directions as they screamed, “Aaah! Such tremendous power!” Nie Muhua roared, “A swarm of lowly ants dares stand in my way? Die, all of you!” “Hahaha!” After dealing with the others, he strode step by step toward Ying Qi. His body was twice the size of an ordinary man’s. One hand on his hip, he looked down at Ying Qi below and said, “Now it’s your turn!” As soon as he finished speaking, he swung his thousand-pound axe straight at Ying Qi. “Die!” Yet Ying Qi made no move at all and merely stood there smiling. Suddenly, Nie Muhua froze. His eyes widened in shock as he let out, “Ugh…” Zhu Chongba and Liu Ji were equally stunned. “Huh? This…” Right before their eyes, Ying Qi had casually stopped Nie Muhua’s axe with a single hand, leaving him unable to move an inch. Trembling, Nie Muhua grunted, “Urgh…” Ying Qi said lightly, “Big guy, why don’t you put some strength into it?” Those words infuriated him, and he roared like a madman, “A mere ant!” As he spoke, he smashed the axe violently toward another angle. “How dare you—ah!” But that strike never touched Ying Qi. In an instant, he vanished, then suddenly appeared behind Nie Muhua and lashed out with a kick. “If you won’t use your strength, then it’s my turn.” Before Nie Muhua could even understand what had happened, Ying Qi’s kick sent him flying straight into the stone wall, which exploded on impact. Only his axe was left where it had fallen, crashing heavily to the ground. The White Lotus crowd was utterly dumbstruck. “Waaah…” Zhu Chongba’s eyes were full of disbelief. “He sent Nie Muhua flying with a single kick?” By then, Han Shantong had also come over to Ying Qi’s side. Excited and overjoyed, he shouted, “Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” The White Lotus followers all dropped to their knees at once and said to Ying Qi, “The Radiant King has come to save us disciples of the White Lotus Sect! The Radiant King has appeared! The Radiant King has appeared!” Seeing them act like this, Ying Qi was speechless. Where did this Radiant King come from? Why are these people so simple-minded? As he thought this, he slowly walked toward Nie Muhua, who was sitting on the ground. Seeing Ying Qi approach, Nie Muhua turned fearful, sweat pouring down like rain as he stammered, “You… who are you?” Hearing that question, Ying Qi directly grabbed him by the throat, turning his face purple. “Hrk—” Then he said, “You bastard, you want to know who I am?” Just as Nie Muhua managed to say, “You… aren’t…” Ying Qi killed him on the spot. “Go ask the King of Hell down below.” The soldiers were terrified by what they had seen and cried out, “The commander’s been killed! Run! Run!” But how could the White Lotus Sect let them off so easily? They all turned their blades toward the soldiers and shouted, “Disciples, don’t let the Yuan dogs escape! Don’t let a single Yuan dog go! Kill!” Zhu Chongba stood there scratching his head and muttered, “Too strong. He killed Nie Muhua with a single move?” Liu Ji added, “His strength is not something people like the two of us can possibly compare to.” Ying Qi then looked at the two of them and said, “Why are you still standing there? While they’re busy hunting down the Yuan soldiers, hurry and leave this place. Don’t tell me you really want to become the sect leader of this bunch of fools?” The two of them hurried over and replied, “Uh, the benefactor is right. We should slip away at once.” So the three of them quietly withdrew while the White Lotus people were still slaughtering the soldiers. Those people remained completely unaware and continued fighting wildly. “Kill! Maitreya descends to birth, the Radiant King appears in the world!” Han Shantong was also too busy to notice, using his jade staff to beat down the Yuan soldiers mercilessly. After all the soldiers had been wiped out, he looked at the White Lotus followers and asked, “Hm? Where is Lord Radiant King? Has any of you disciples seen Lord Radiant King?” They ran over and answered, “Lord Radiant King seems to have gone toward the cave at the back of the mountain.” At the same time, the three of Ying Qi’s group had already gone some distance when Zhu Chongba asked, “Benefactor, where are we going next?” Hearing that, Ying Qi turned toward him and thought to himself, Next, if I want to reopen the Heavenly Dao Gate, I’ll have to recruit soldiers and horses, and push this kid onto the throne as emperor. After thinking it through, he said, “Old Zhu, don’t you have a sworn brother named Chang Yuchun?” Zhu Chongba replied, “You mean Old Chang? I haven’t seen him in a long time. He’s a mountain bandit now.” Ying Qi said, “Good. Let’s go find him.” Zhu Chongba looked surprised and asked, “Go find Old Chang? Benefactor, are we going to become mountain bandits too?” As Ying Qi turned and walked on, he replied, “Whether we become bandits or not doesn’t matter. The important thing is that I want Old Zhu to become emperor.” Liu Ji was shocked and asked, “Huh? Old Zhu, become emperor?” Zhu Chongba continued, “What? Become emperor? Me? I’m not hearing things, am I? I was just talking casually. In my dreams, anything is possible.” Elsewhere, in a large house built on the mountain, the man known as Zhu Chongba’s sworn brother, Chang Yuchun, was sitting before a table full of wine and meat. Suddenly, someone shouted from outside, “Chief, bad news! The Yuan dogs have killed their way up here!” Hearing this, Chang Yuchun hurled the wine cup in his hand straight to the floor, smashing it to pieces. He and several others sprang to their feet with weapons in hand and asked the subordinate, “What? Those damned Yuan dogs—how many are there?” The subordinate replied, “One person.” These words made Chang Yuchun exclaim in surprise, “What? Just one person?” The moment he finished speaking, a rain of arrows suddenly shot in from nowhere, heading straight for him. Fortunately, he was quick on his feet. He immediately raised his pair of war hammers and blocked the arrows, narrowly escaping danger. Chang Yuchun looked directly toward the main entrance, where the silhouette of a man carrying a bow was stepping inside, and asked, “Who dares launch a sneak attack on me?” The man walked in with a bright smile and replied, “To wipe out worms who don’t know whether to live or die, I alone am enough.” He was one of the Four Great Fierce Generals of the Great Yuan, Jebe. Seeing him enter, Chang Yuchun ordered his subordinates, “Those damned Yuan dogs—get him!” His men obeyed at once and charged. “Kill! I’ll take that dog’s life!” And so, from inside the house, continuous shouts rang out. “Kill! I’ll take that dog’s head!” Watching those men rush toward him, Jebe did not move at all. He merely stood there waiting. When they had closed to a near enough distance, Jebe stomped hard on the ground, shattering the floor beneath his feet into countless fragments. He raised his bow and loosed five arrows at once, using the Divine Archery Technique. With only those few arrows, he struck down countless subordinates of Chang Yuchun without the slightest obstruction. They had no chance to resist at all and could only let out agonized cries. Ah... Chang Yuchun still could not understand what kind of move this was, so he shouted and asked, “Huh? What kind of technique is this?” The subordinates standing beside him continued, “Damn it, this guy is terrifying.” As soon as they finished speaking, the two men also directly picked up their large axes and charged at Jebe, shouting, “Let’s attack together!” Jebe curled the corner of his mouth into a smile, full of disdain. Then he unleashed a volley of arrows and killed the last two subordinates on the spot. In less than an hour, corpses were already strewn all over the ground, while Jebe had not suffered even the slightest scratch. He narrowed his eyes and smiled at Chang Yuchun, saying, “Chang Yuchun, unfortunately for you, you’re on Great Yuan’s death list. Will you do it yourself, or shall I do it for you?” Looking at the ferocious general in front of him, Chang Yuchun thought to himself, “His strength far surpasses mine. I have to find an opening and defeat him in one strike.” After thinking that, he gripped his axe and shot toward Jebe, thinking, “There’s only a sliver of hope, but I have to fight to the death.” Jebe looked at the scene before him with utter contempt. “Ha, with just this little strength?” When Chang Yuchun’s two huge hammers came smashing down, Jebe moved like lightning and leaped into the air to evade them. After jumping into the air, he once again used the same move as before, firing five arrows at the same time toward Chang Yuchun. Those five arrows seemed almost magical, curving around and stabbing straight toward Chang Yuchun’s back, leaving him no time to react. He could only cry out, “Ah!” Supporting himself with one hand on the ground, he used the last of his strength to ask, “You... who exactly are you?” Jebe held his bow tightly and replied, “Does that count as your last words? Don’t worry, just die in peace.” But just as he was about to make his move, a loud shout suddenly rang out from behind him, making him jerk his head around in alarm. “Hm? Divine Archery?” He immediately turned his arrow toward the doorway. At the same time, from the entrance, another arrow wrapped in crackling lightning shot inward. He blurted out, “What?” Looking at those incoming arrows, Jebe also fired several of his own to block them. The two sides collided head-on, creating a terrifying explosion that forced him backward, and he exclaimed, “Huh, this is...” The newcomer was none other than Ying Qi. He stood tall with his arms folded across his chest, staring at Jebe. Zhu Chongba also ran over to support his sworn brother and asked, “Old Chang, if we’d come any later, would we have had to collect your corpse?” Chang Yuchun replied, “What nonsense are you talking about? Old Zhu, be careful. This Yuan dog is very strong.” Only then did Jebe speak, saying, “I am Jebe, the divine marksman of Great Yuan. Who are you? You know Divine Archery too?” Ying Qi replied, “It’s very obvious—your Divine Archery isn’t mastered yet.” Hearing those words, Jebe was furious enough to boil with rage. His eyes widened as he aimed his bow at Ying Qi and shouted, “How outrageous! My Divine Archery was personally taught by Genghis Khan himself!” Ying Qi laughed and replied, “Then it seems your archery can only shoot birds, not people.” Jebe cursed angrily, “Insolent! Great Yuan’s Divine Archery comes from Great Qin!” The moment he said that, Ying Qi froze. His eyes widened as he murmured, “Great Qin?” As if realizing something, he scratched his head and burst out laughing. “Hahaha, if your archery really does come from Great Qin...” At that point, Ying Qi gently raised his hand and gathered a mass of blue spiritual energy. As he took up the bow and fired an arrow at Jebe, he said, “Then today, you’ve run into the real thing.” Jebe was rooted to the spot, his eyes bulging as he shouted, “Th-this is Divine Archery Manifestation?!” The moment he finished speaking, five arrows from Ying Qi pierced through his body and plunged straight into the ground, creating an enormous shockwave. Dust and smoke billowed up, obscuring everyone’s vision. Chang Yuchun exclaimed, “Th-this... is this a god?” Right before Ying Qi’s eyes, Jebe dropped to his knees. It seemed he knew this was someone he could never contend against, and he surrendered completely, convinced in both heart and mind. Ying Qi cast him a sidelong glance and said, “I only used twenty percent of my strength, and you already couldn’t withstand it. Today, for the sake of your ancestor Genghis Khan, I’ll spare your life.” Jebe muttered softly, “Th-thank you...” After settling things, Zhu Chongba shouted, “Yuan dog, why aren’t you getting lost yet?!” Jebe immediately picked up his bow and left. Chang Yuchun also walked over to Ying Qi and said, “Many thanks, benefactor, for saving my life.” Time passed in the blink of an eye until the following morning, inside the great imperial capital. Inside the palace, a man sat imposingly on high, with soldiers standing guard all around. As soon as Emperor Toghon Temur heard the report from his subordinate, he flew into a rage and shouted, “What? A vanguard of my Great Yuan was slaughtered by a single man? Do you take me for a three-year-old child or something?!” Standing beside him, Bolad Temur, leader of Great Yuan’s Four Great Fierce Generals, immediately cupped his hands and said, “Your Majesty, calm your anger. This time we came specifically to avenge my younger brother of the tribe. We must kill this man.” Hearing that, Emperor Toghon Temur gave the order, “General Bolad Temur, proceed. Also issue an order: offer a reward throughout the land—whoever brings me this man’s head shall receive ten thousand taels of gold.” The soldiers responded, “We obey your decree, Your Majesty. We take our leave.” After this matter was settled, all the soldiers and Bolad Temur withdrew. His expression was filled with hatred, his teeth clenched tightly as he growled, “First I will wipe out the White Lotus Sect, then I will use Han blood to sacrifice to the spirit of my younger brother.” At the same time, back where Ying Qi was, inside the stronghold, Chang Yuchun spoke up. “Benefactor, you’re not serious, are you? That’s right—just relying on the few of us to attack Yuan’s capital directly... isn’t that a bit too reckless?” Ying Qi replied, “Who said there are only a few of us? Aren’t anti-Yuan rebels scattered all across the realm right now?” Liu Ji added, “A mob of rabble.” Zhu Chongba agreed, “That’s right. Besides, they won’t listen to us either.” While they were discussing this, a loud voice suddenly rang out from outside the door: “Disciple Han Shantong respectfully invites the Bright King to lead my White Lotus disciples to shatter the darkness and welcome the light!” A subordinate came running in and said, “Stronghold Chief, this is bad! A whole group of White Lotus Sect disciples has rushed up here!” Zhu Chongba was equally shocked. “These people actually chased us all the way here?” But Ying Qi did not see it that way. Instead, he secretly felt fortunate. He said, “They came at just the right time. We need them for the anti-Yuan cause. Old Zhu, do you want to be the sect leader first?” Hearing that, Zhu Chongba scratched his head and asked, “What? Me, the sect leader?” A moment later, the main gate slowly opened. Ying Qi, Liu Ji, and Zhu Chongba stepped outside. In front of them, the White Lotus crowd had already been waiting. Kneeling on the ground, Han Shantong said, “I, Han Shantong, leader of the White Lotus Sect, respectfully invite the Bright King to lead us in reclaiming the light.” Ying Qi immediately replied, “It’s not impossible for me to lead you. Starting today, Zhu Chongba will be the Envoy of Light and act as my representative.” Looking both shy and awkward, Zhu Chongba asked, “We’re really doing this?” Yet the White Lotus followers truly obeyed. They knelt toward Zhu Chongba and said, “We pay our respects to the Envoy of Light!” He exclaimed in shock, “Th-this!” Without wasting time, Ying Qi went straight to the point and said to Han Shantong, “The urgent matter at hand is overthrowing the Yuan court. Only then can I lead you to obtain the light.” Han Shantong replied, “The Bright King speaks truly. I came precisely to bring secret intelligence from the anti-Yuan movement.” Ying Qi asked, “What intelligence?” Han Shantong quickly took out a scroll and handed it to Ying Qi. “Seven days from now, the major anti-Yuan forces from across the land will gather at Huangjue Temple to convene the anti-Yuan assembly. At that time, the Bright King can command the forces of every side to rise together against Yuan.” Seeing this, Liu Ji said, “Benefactor, this can work.” Zhu Chongba also added, “That’s right. We’ll summon the forces from every side to attack the capital together. I’ll personally kill that dog emperor and avenge my parents.” Ying Qi also agreed with their suggestion and replied, “Mm, that’s good. That will make things much more convenient. But before that, there’s something we need to do first.” Zhu Chongba asked in surprise, “Benefactor, what else is there?” Ying Qi’s gaze turned serious as he answered, “Your strength is far too weak. I must first pass martial power on to all of you.” They exclaimed in shock, “What? Martial power?” After a period of training under Ying Qi and receiving his martial instruction, Chang Yuchun improved greatly. Holding his mace, he jumped down from the rooftop. He used the move Mount Tai Crushing Down, and with a single strike, the ground shattered, sending stones flying in every direction. Zhu Chongba’s side was no less impressive. He had now grown much stronger than before, repeatedly practicing the fist technique Toppling Mountains and Overturning Seas. Liu Ji too had become proficient in martial arts, in the Eight Trigrams and the deployment of battle formations. Seeing that they had completely changed, Ying Qi praised them. “Very good. Old Zhu, the three of you have decent comprehension. In such a short time, you’ve grasped the essentials of martial cultivation.” All three cupped their hands respectfully and said, “Many thanks, benefactor, for imparting these martial skills.” Zhu Chongba excitedly clenched his fist and said, “With these martial skills, why should we fear that we can’t kill and drive back those Yuan dogs? Benefactor really is a heavenly god.” Seeing this, Han Shantong ran over to Ying Qi and asked, “Bright King, the three of them have all grasped martial skills. I wonder when you’ll pass them on to your disciple as well?” Ying Qi replied, “Haha, there’s no need to be so impatient. The path of martial cultivation is long, and the Dao ahead is still far.” Then Ying Qi stood looking down below the cliff. “It’s getting late. We still have important matters to attend to. Once everything is tidied up, we depart.” They answered in unison, “Understood. Yes, our arrangements are complete. We can set out at any time.” Scene shift to the temple in the capital city. Outside, soldiers were standing in countless numbers. Suddenly they turned in shock toward another direction and exclaimed, “Marshal Guo! Marshal Guo has arrived!” The person they were referring to was none other than Guo Zixing, leader of the anti-Yuan allied forces. He walked in with his hands cupped and said with a smile, “Haha, all the people from the various routes have already arrived. I, Guo, came late.” An old master stepped forward with a smile and replied, “Today, the anti-Yuan righteous armies from every route have gathered at Huangjue Temple. As leader of the righteous army, Leader Guo can be said to play a most important role.” Guo Zixing continued, “You flatter me, Abbot. I, Guo, am merely carrying out Heaven’s will.” Suddenly, the man standing beside the old abbot shouted, “Leader my ass. He’s nothing but a sinister petty man.” He was Xu Da, leader of a rebel faction. Hearing those words, Guo Zixing was so angry his eyes nearly bulged out. “Xu Da, you and your brother Zhu Chongba became traitors, and I let you off. I didn’t expect you’d still dare to spout such nonsense today.” Xu Da refused to yield and pointed right at him. “Hmph, you’re the real traitor—a cowardly villain afraid of death.” As he spoke, he drew his sword from its sheath. Then he pointed it straight at Guo Zixing and shouted, “If my brothers and I hadn’t saved you, you would’ve died long ago under the blades of those Yuan dogs!” Guo Zixing shot back, “If I hadn’t taken the two of you in, you’d have starved to death by the roadside long ago. And now you don’t even know gratitude.” He added harshly, “I should have killed you back then.” As soon as those words fell, a voice suddenly rang out from nowhere, startling Xu Da. “If someone wants to kill me, come and try.” Recognizing the voice, Xu Da immediately turned around and exclaimed, “Old Zhu?” Xu Da rushed over and hugged Zhu Chongba, asking, “Old Zhu, you’re still alive?” Zhu Chongba replied, “Haha, I’m doing very well. Benefactor even gave me a new name—Zhu Yuanzhang—and said I can become emperor.” As soon as he heard that, Guo Zixing threw his head back and laughed loudly. “Hahaha! If a beggar like you can become emperor, then wouldn’t that make me the Grand Emperor above all emperors?” As he spoke, he directly used his Frost Palm, gathering spiritual energy in his hand as he charged at Zhu Chongba and shouted, “Traitor, go become emperor in the underworld!” This time, Zhu Chongba did not back down either. He used the martial technique Ying Qi had taught him to meet the attack head-on. Sure enough, Guo Zixing was nothing special at all, and his move was quickly shattered by Zhu Chongba’s technique. He cried out, “Ugh!” His whole body was sent staggering backward, nearly falling flat on the ground. Luckily, the soldiers rushed over to support him. Clutching his chest, Guo Zixing looked at Zhu Chongba and stammered, “You brat... in such a short amount of time, you actually...” Hearing someone praise him, Zhu Chongba beamed with joy and said, “Hehe, didn’t expect that, huh?” From behind him, Ying Qi added, “Old Zhu has improved, but not by much.” Hearing that, Zhu Chongba instantly deflated and scratched his head awkwardly. “Uh... compared to Benefactor, I’m still far inferior.” At that moment, the abbot also walked over and said, “Amitabha. Today, heroes from every road have come together to plan the great cause of resisting Yuan. We should not harm the harmony between us.” Guo Zixing also spoke up, “That’s right. Today, for the time being, I won’t bicker with a traitor like you.” Zhu Chongba laughed and replied, “Haha, you sly old man really know how to save face for yourself.” Guo Zixing gave a furious cold snort. The old abbot raised his hand and shouted loudly, “The righteous anti-Yuan men of every route have gathered at Huangjue Temple today for one reason only. That is to discuss the great enterprise of overthrowing Yuan together!” Everyone shouted in unison, “That’s right! The Yuan dogs are cruel and tyrannical, and the people are full of resentment—kill the Yuan dogs!” Beside them, Ying Qi leaned close to Zhu Chongba and whispered, “Old Zhu, today you must bring these people under your command.” Hearing that, Zhu Chongba replied somewhat hesitantly, “Um, Benefactor... can I really do it?” Ying Qi answered, “Don’t worry. You can. Huangjue Temple is precisely the place where you will rise to power.” Suddenly, from outside the gates of Huangjue Temple, a loud shout rang out: “A bunch of lowly ants dares to spout nonsense!” These words made the abbot turn in shock and say, “Who is it?” The moment he finished speaking, the gate was smashed apart by a huge savage hand, shattering into pieces. What followed was a gigantic silver-furred gorilla with scarlet eyes forcing its way inside. The abbot and everyone else were terrified out of their wits and cried out, “A monster! Ah! How terrifying!” He immediately ordered the soldiers, “Everyone be careful! Hold off the monster—attack together!” Zhu Chongba also could no longer stand still. His eyes blazed with fighting spirit as he prepared to charge in. “I’ll deal with it.” But Ying Qi reached out and stopped him. Ying Qi looked at him and instructed, “Don’t rush, Old Zhu. Let’s first see what kind of strength they have.” Zhu Chongba let out a soft sound of acknowledgment. At the same time, up ahead, that enormous gorilla was still running wild, beating the soldiers until they screamed and fell all over the ground. “Ah!” It seemed to feel no difficulty at all, constantly throwing out attacks so quickly that the soldiers could not react in time. “Ah! This monster is incredibly strong!” One of the soldiers was struck and sent flying right to Zhu Chongba’s feet, groaning, “Help...” Ying Qi then reminded him, “Old Zhu, it’s your turn now.” Zhu Chongba had been waiting for those words. He immediately leaped forward and answered, “Got it!” He threw a punch straight toward the giant gorilla and shouted, “Watch this!” Chang Yuchun also did not hesitate. He directly raised his two maces and charged up, yelling, “I, Old Chang, will lend a hand too!” The martial techniques the two had learned from Ying Qi were fully brought into play, smashing straight into the ferocious gorilla’s head. “Mount Tai Crushing Down! Toppling Mountains and Overturning Seas!” After taking that enormous blow to the head, the gorilla crashed to the ground, and clouds of dust flew everywhere. Everyone who witnessed the scene was stunned. The abbot spoke up, “That young man’s strength is incredible.” Guo Zixing added, “What kind of expert guided these brats? Their improvement is terrifying.” Just as they finished speaking, another person suddenly appeared, standing imposingly on the rooftop and looking down as he burst into loud laughter. “Hahaha, you little bastards, did you think it was over just like that?” The soldiers below looked up and asked, “Who is that? When did he get up there?” After observing the figure on the roof more carefully, they suddenly recognized him and cried out, “It’s a Yuan dog!” Xu Da also spoke in shock, “It’s... it’s Bolad Temur.” Bolad Temur stretched out one hand, creating an immense surge of spiritual energy, and laughed loudly. “Hahaha, killing a bunch of vermin—I don’t even need to use my hands for that.” As he said that, sudden movement came from the gorilla lying on the ground, making everyone turn back in shock. A strange smell rose from the gorilla’s body and spread all around, causing the soldiers to whisper among themselves, “Huh? What is that? What a strange smell.” Before they could even adjust, everyone suddenly clutched at their throats and cried out with darkened faces, “Ah! Everyone be careful—it’s poisonous gas!” The poisonous fumes became thicker and thicker, and miserable screams continuously rang out from inside the rear courtyard. “Cough, cough... agh!” Seeing this, Liu Ji could not help cursing angrily, “Those Yuan dogs are vicious indeed, using poison gas like this.” Zhu Chongba also asked, “Benefactor, what do we do now?” Ying Qi immediately raised his hand and created a shield barrier that enclosed everyone inside, saying, “Old Zhu, get everyone into the protective cover. I’ll deal with that big fellow up there.” Zhu Chongba answered, “Understood, Benefactor.” Following his instructions, Zhu Chongba and Liu Ji shouted at the top of their lungs to everyone, “Everyone, come over here! Quickly, quickly, come here and avoid the poisonous gas!” In the blink of an eye, Ying Qi had already leaped onto the rooftop and stood directly before Bolad Temur, saying, “Big guy, crawl back to wherever you came from.” Seeing him, Bolad Temur asked back, “You are Ying Qi, the one who killed my kinsman-brothers?” Ying Qi wore a mocking expression, the corner of his mouth curling up in a smile as he replied, “They were too weak. I only had to lift a finger, and they died.” Bolad Temur was driven into a rage by these taunts, his eyes blazing. He pulled a chain from his body and roared, “Ant, your day of death has come!” The moment he finished speaking, he slashed out directly with his saber, sending it flying straight toward Ying Qi. Yet Ying Qi did not dodge at all. He simply stood there and took the blow head-on. With a single lift of his hand, he firmly caught the man’s saber without the slightest difficulty, smiling as he said, “This saber is not bad. Leave it to me for chopping meat.” As soon as he finished speaking, Ying Qi grabbed the blade and gave it a fierce yank, catching Bolad Temur completely off guard. His whole body flew up as he cried out, “Ah!” In the next instant, he was hurled backward and smashed hard into the wall, denting it deeply and sending shattered stones flying everywhere. After taking that blow, Bolad Temur coughed up blood and hacked violently, but he still could not suppress his shock. “Cough, cough... h-how is this possible?” From inside the barrier, Zhu Chongba shouted loudly, “Benefactor, mighty indeed! He threw Bolad Temur down with just one hand!” The abbot also spoke up, “This man... his strength is immense.” Realizing he could not defeat Ying Qi, Bolad Temur sprang to his feet and glared at him. Then he roared, “Kill!” Hearing the order, large groups of soldiers rushed in from outside the doors, along with wolf riders and men carrying eagles. He pointed toward Zhu Chongba’s group and commanded, “Kill all these lowly ants for me!” Seeing the soldiers closing in, Zhu Chongba did not hesitate. He smashed a vicious punch straight into Bolad Temur’s face and shouted, “Old Liu, stop them!” Liu Ji, who was standing nearby, immediately used the move Ying Qi had taught him, setting up a Bagua formation and blasting the soldiers back as he answered, “Got it!” At the same time, Ying Qi leaped down in front of Bolad Temur and said, “I thought you really had the guts to come alone. So it turns out you brought a gang of helpers.” As soon as he finished, he kicked out and sent the man stumbling backward. Fortunately, Bolad Temur managed to raise his arms in time to block the strike. He shot Ying Qi a hate-filled glare and said, “I will wipe out all you ants.” After saying that, he looked toward a cage being pushed over by the soldiers and ordered, “Release the bloodthirsty beast.” They immediately replied, “Yes, sir!” At once, the cage door was opened. From the darkness inside, two bright red glowing dots could clearly be seen. When the abbot saw that beast, he was so frightened that his whole body trembled and sweat poured down like rain. “The Yuan dogs actually tamed such a terrifying ferocious beast.” The moment it was released, the savage beast charged wildly out of the cage. It did not distinguish friend from foe, directly attacking anyone who stood in its way, terrifying the soldiers into screaming, “Ah! Run!” Just then, a loud shout rang out from behind it, startling it into an abrupt stop. “Blood Tiger!” The one who had called it was none other than Ying Qi. He continued, “Blood Tiger? It really is Blood Tiger!” Hearing this, the ferocious beast rushed quickly toward Ying Qi. Zhu Chongba and Liu Ji were so startled that they cried out in panic, “Benefactor, be careful!” “Old Zhu, hurry and protect Benefactor!” But what happened next was the complete opposite of what they had expected. The beast did not harm Ying Qi in the slightest. Instead, it rolled into his arms and rubbed against him over and over. Delighted, Ying Qi stroked its head and asked, “Blood Tiger, how did you end up here? Did they capture you?” Bolad Temur, Zhu Chongba, and the abbot all turned deathly pale, their eyes wide and mouths hanging open as they blurted out, “What? This ferocious beast was actually trained by this young man?” “Benefactor truly is a divine being.” At that moment, Ying Qi sprang to his feet and pointed at Bolad Temur. “Originally, I might still have left you a way to live. But I never expected a barbarian like you would dare injure my mount. Now all of you must die.” Hearing that, Bolad Temur asked in shock, “What did you say?” Before he could even finish, Ying Qi had already dashed forward and kicked him square in the chest, making him spit blood as Ying Qi shouted, “Die!” That kick shattered Bolad Temur’s bones and crushed his internal organs. His eyes rolled white as he let out a groan, “Urgh!” His entire body flew straight toward the stone wall opposite him, causing a thunderous explosion. Just like that, Bolad Temur was beaten to death by Ying Qi before he could even gasp his last breath. Zhu Chongba stared in amazement and exclaimed, “Bolad Temur was kicked to death by Benefactor with a single strike?” The abbot added, “This young man... his strength is truly terrifying.” When Bolad Temur’s soldiers saw that their master was dead, they all turned and fled at once. “The Great General is dead!” “Quick, run for your lives!” “Run!” “This Ying Qi is terrifying!” But Ying Qi had no intention of sparing them. With a wave of his hand, he formed a bow aimed straight at the soldiers and shouted, “Trying to run? I already said it—all of you must die.” With only a few masterful shots, Ying Qi directly took down countless soldiers, making them cry out in agony, “Aaah!” Heroically, he raised his hand and ordered, “Soldiers of the anti-Yuan army, follow me! Charge into the capital and slaughter the foreign tribes!” Hearing this, everyone united behind him, raising their blades and shouting, “Attack the capital! Slaughter the foreign tribes! Kill!” After moving forward for a while, they finally broke through the city gates, and loud cries of “Kill!” rang out from within. The anti-Yuan soldiers surged inside and cut down the Yuan troops at will, not giving them any chance to counterattack within the city. Zhu Chongba and the two brothers Chang Yuchun reunited, fighting shoulder to shoulder and beating the Yuan soldiers into complete disarray. “Kill!” As they advanced, a series of massive explosions suddenly erupted right in front of them, shaking the ground and forcing them to stop. Zhu Chongba cried out, “Ah, it’s the Yuan army’s cannons!” Only then did Ying Qi remember, and he muttered, “I almost forgot. The Yuan army’s weapons do have some power.” But to him, they were nothing at all. He jumped straight into the air and fired five arrows at once, shouting, “Let me deal with those cannons.” The Yuan army’s cannons were instantly shattered to pieces by Ying Qi’s arrows. The Yuan soldiers shouted to each other, “Hold the city gate! Quickly, defend the main gate! We absolutely cannot let them break in!” But the moment he finished speaking, the gate was struck by a powerful force and exploded into fragments that flew everywhere. Leading the anti-Yuan soldiers, Zhu Chongba and Chang Yuchun charged in and roared, “Rush into the imperial palace! Kill that Yuan dog emperor! Charge! Kill!” At the same time, inside the palace city, soldiers rushed in, knelt before Toghon Temur, and reported, “Your Majesty, the rebels have already attacked the capital!” “Your Majesty, it won’t be long before they assault the imperial palace. Please flee with us!” Hearing this, he clutched his head and said, “I never expected that even Bolad Temur would be killed by him. Ying Qi must be that person from the legend.” The soldiers were stunned and asked, “May we ask what legend Your Majesty is referring to?” Toghon Temur replied, “It is a royal secret left behind by the founding ancestor of Great Yuan. Come with me.” One of them immediately answered, “Y-yes.” After walking for a while, Toghon Temur led his subordinates to a huge wall and gently pressed his hand against it. The wall quickly opened, revealing an entrance to a large secret tunnel. A subordinate spoke up, “Your servant never knew there was such a secret passage in the palace. May I ask, Your Majesty, where does this tunnel lead?” Toghon Temur replied, “We’re almost there.” At the same time, inside, countless hawks and gray wolves were already standing by in wait. The farther the soldiers walked, the more uneasy they became, repeatedly asking, “Your Majesty, where exactly is this place?” He stopped before a huge stone altar, on top of which sat a skull emitting a strange demonic aura, and replied, “Before the founding ancestor died, he passed down this skull. He instructed later generations that if ever a man of Qin bearing the surname Ying appeared and shook the foundation of Great Yuan, then this skull must be used to activate the gate to the other world.” The subordinates’ expressions turned anxious as they asked, “The gate to the other world?” “Then how do we open it?” “Your Majesty, what will happen if the gate is opened?” Toghon Temur glanced back, the corners of his mouth curling into a sinister smile, and pulled a dagger from his robes. “I don’t know either. But if the founding ancestor gave the order, then today I must carry it out.” As soon as he said this, he turned around and killed the two close attendants with a single slash. “You are all loyal ministers. Only the blood of loyal ministers can be used to sacrifice to the skull.” They were killed on the spot before they could resist, crying out, “Ah!” After they died, their blood flowed across the ground, and a formation seal slowly emerged beneath the floor. The blood was then absorbed by that eerie skull. After it had absorbed enough blood and vital essence, a spatial gate slowly tore open above the skull. Toghon Temur exclaimed in delight, “It’s open! The gate to the other world will save my Great Yuan!” From within that gate, the phantom of a ferocious horse-like beast stepped out. Following it came a heavily muscled man whose eyes shone brightly as he looked at Toghon Temur and asked, “Where is Ying Qi?” Toghon Temur trembled in fear at the sight before him, his mouth hanging open as he stammered, “Uh... is this a demon?” The man remained cold-faced, his glowing pupils fixed forward as he asked again, “Where is Ying Qi?” The scene shifted outside the imperial palace, where the anti-Yuan army had already charged in. “Kill!” “Run!” All the soldiers rushed toward the inner palace, shouting, “We must charge into the palace and cut off that Yuan dog emperor’s head!” But suddenly, the sight before them made them stop in their tracks. Above the imperial palace, the strange aura pouring from the gate to the other world was growing stronger and stronger. Liu Ji spoke up, “Look, quickly! What is that?” A hint of doubt flashed through Ying Qi’s eyes as he thought to himself, This black bone aura feels so familiar... could it be...? Just as he suspected, from inside the gate to the other world, wave after wave of zombie soldiers crawled back from the grave and emerged outside, terrifying the troops so badly that their legs went weak and they fled. “Ah! Monsters!” Seeing everyone desperately trying to run, Zhu Chongba did his best to stop them and reassure them, “Everyone, don’t break formation!” At that moment, the man riding the ferocious beast-horse also appeared and charged straight toward Ying Qi, shouting, “Where is Ying Qi? I want your life!” The moment he saw him, Ying Qi was startled and blurted out, “What? Xiang Yu, you still haven’t rotted away?” Although he still did not understand what was happening, Ying Qi swiftly leaped onto the back of the ferocious beast and asked, “Xiang Yu, why have you appeared here?” Xiang Yu raised his saber and unleashed a massive slash toward Ying Qi as he replied, “I came to take your life.” Caught before he could react, Ying Qi and the beast were blasted backward by one of Xiang Yu’s attacks and cried out, “Ah!” Zhu Chongba, Liu Ji, and Chang Yuchun could no longer stand by. They risked their lives and rushed forward. “Protect Benefactor! Together!” But they were no match for this Xiang Yu. With a single slash, he split the ground in two and sent rocks flying in all directions. He roared, “You’re courting death.” Zhu Chongba was thrown backward and cried out, “Ah, what immense power!” Seeing the situation, Ying Qi thought anxiously, This is bad. This resurrected Xiang Yu has become a demon. With my current strength, I’m afraid I’m no match for him. If he came through the gate to the other world, then can I also return through that gate? After dealing with Zhu Chongba and the others, Xiang Yu glared hatefully at Ying Qi and shouted, “Ying Qi, you little brat—die!” As he spoke, he unleashed another overwhelmingly powerful slash at Ying Qi. Fortunately, this time Ying Qi was no longer careless and directly dodged that fatal strike. Ying Qi rushed toward the gate to the other world, not forgetting to provoke him as he turned back. “Xiang Yu, if you want to kill me, then follow me.” Hearing this, Xiang Yu immediately spurred his mount after him and roared, “Ying Qi, let’s see where you can run now.” Thus one golden figure and one purple figure shot after each other in pursuit. At last, Ying Qi reached the gate to the other world. He thought to himself, As long as I can pass through this gate and return to the world of Great Qin, I will definitely kill all these demons and monsters. Imperial Father, Yan’er, wait for me. By the time he thought this, his entire body had already entered the gate to the other world. Xiang Yu chased after him and roared, “Ying Qi, no matter where you run, I will take your life.” Without any more hesitation, the two of them disappeared into the gate. The gate then slowly closed behind them. Inside, voices kept ringing out. “Trying to stop me? Wishful thinking.” Ying Qi clutched his head in agony as the distorted space twisted around him. “Imperial Father, Yan’er, I’m coming to save you.” As soon as he finished speaking, a blinding beam of light shone straight into his face, leaving him unable to see anything as he cried out, “Ah!” In the next instant, a streak of brilliant light shot straight down onto the summit of Mount Tai in the world of Great Qin. The one who landed in that light was none other than Ying Qi. At long last, after so much longing, he had finally returned to his own world. Sweeping his gaze over the surroundings, Ying Qi softly said, “I, Ying Qi, have finally come back.” At that same moment, the gate to the other world was also slowly opening in the sky above. Seeing this, Ying Qi was startled and looked up intently. The one who shot out was none other than Xiang Yu. He had chased him all the way here and roared, “Let’s see where you can run now.” Ying Qi no longer fled. He stood his ground facing him, raising the Divine Bow in his hand. He fired directly at Xiang Yu, nearly blowing him away. Sensing this strength, Xiang Yu was somewhat surprised and frowned slightly. Ying Qi curled his lips into a smile, held the Lingxiao Sword in his hand, and released crackling lightning from it as he said, “Run? I’ve now recovered my martial power. Killing you will be as easy as turning over my hand.” Hearing this, Xiang Yu flew into a rage, swung his saber, and charged forward while roaring, “Ying Qi, I must kill you!” Ying Qi likewise burst forth with no less momentum as he shot toward him. Blade and sword collided, sending lightning sparks everywhere, while the two glared at each other like savage war gods. Ying Qi said, “Xiang Yu, you are too weak. No matter how many times you die, you will still be too weak.” Another strike followed, golden light bursting so brilliantly that it dazzled the eyes. Ying Qi’s momentum had already far surpassed his. With another slash of his sword, he shouted, “Die!” Xiang Yu’s massive saber could no longer withstand it and shattered into pieces. He let out a scream. “Aaah!” His whole body flew away and crashed into the mountain opposite, creating a deafening explosion. Ying Qi charged forward, intending to drive his sword into Xiang Yu’s chest and finish him off. Xiang Yu braced with both hands, his purple eyes bulging as he spat out each word, “Ying Qi, do you think you’ve won? Look at your world of Great Qin. Everything you have is about to cease to exist. Hahaha.” Those taunting words made Ying Qi’s brow twitch as he snapped, “Still talking nonsense? Die!” With one downward thrust, Ying Qi unleashed a terrifying surge of power in all directions. Yet Xiang Yu’s figure was nowhere to be seen. It was unclear whether he had been destroyed or had disappeared elsewhere. Only then did Ying Qi slowly stand up. His gaze swept over the surroundings. This had once been a land of death, with trees withered dry, and the bones of humans and beasts scattered everywhere. Looking at this bleak and desolate scene, Ying Qi sighed. “My Great Qin under Heaven... how did it become so ruined? Imperial Father, where is everyone? Your son has returned.” At the old battlefield of Changping, beneath a gigantic deep pit, father and son Meng Wu and the soldiers of Great Qin were bound inside it. At the edge of the pit stood a man in black robes, saying, “Back then, you people of Great Qin slaughtered more than four hundred thousand Zhao soldiers here. And today, this place will become your burial ground.” Meng Wu immediately cursed, “Demons and monsters are wreaking havoc in my Great Qin. If our Martial Emperor were here, he would surely slaughter all evil. Great Qin will never fall!” Supporting those words, all the soldiers shouted in unison, “Great Qin will not fall! Great Qin will not fall!” The black-robed man sneered, “Haha, you’re about to die and you still spout such nonsense.” Then he waved his hand in signal. “Send them to the heavens.” At his order, the people beside him shoveled earth down into the pit. Even with death close at hand, the soldiers’ cries of “Great Qin will not fall!” continued without end. At that moment, a sudden change occurred. A battle flag carrying pink spiritual energy came from nowhere and planted itself in the ground at the bottom of the pit. Father and son Meng Wu were startled, as though they realized something. “This is...” The black-robed man also clenched his teeth in anger. “What is going on?” From the place where the flag stood, an ancient formation spread outward in all directions. A tall and imposing figure appeared, his voice booming like thunder. “At the old battlefield I descend once more; with my return, murderous intent rises again.” Many soldiers recognized him and cried out in joy, “Bai Qi!” “It’s Bai Qi’s soul!” “It really is General Bai Qi!” So it turned out that Ying Qi had summoned the soul of General Bai Qi from back then. At that moment, he was also standing at the edge of the pit, giving his order. “Bai Qi, back then you slaughtered countless enemies here. Today, kill every last one of these demons here.” Bai Qi’s soul accepted the order, his eyes glowing blood-red. “Kill!” All the generals of Great Qin and father and son Meng Wu burst into joy. “It’s His Majesty the Martial Emperor!” “His Majesty the Martial Emperor has returned!” “We’re saved!” “Great Qin is saved!” Bai Qi’s manifested soul grew even larger as he swung his sword and directly slashed at the black-robed man, shouting, “By my lord’s command, slay the demons!” The black-robed man’s followers were so terrified that they fled in all directions. “It’s Bai Qi, the God of Slaughter!” “The God of Slaughter Bai Qi has returned!” “Run!” Ying Qi raised his hand and unleashed a martial technique, streams of light shooting everywhere. “You throw my Great Qin into chaos and bully the soldiers of my Great Qin—your crimes are unforgivable.” Those streams of light severed the ropes binding Great Qin’s soldiers. All of them immediately dropped to their knees and bowed in worship. “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, you have finally returned.” Ying Qi walked over and asked Meng Tian, “General Meng Tian, are my Father Emperor and Mother Empress well?” Ashamed, Meng Tian lowered his head, gritted his teeth, and replied, “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, I was incompetent. I failed to defend Xianyang City. Even Epang Palace has been breached.” After hearing this, Ying Qi flew into a rage. Waving his sword, he shouted, “What? I will make these demons repay their blood debt with blood! All officers and soldiers, hear my command—follow me and kill these demons!” The whole army roared in unison, “Kill!” Meng Tian and his father, along with the soldiers, used martial power to leap out of the pit and followed Ying Qi in slaughtering the people before them. “Kill!” The others grew even more terrified and fled for their lives. “Run!” At that moment, Ying Qi pointed his sword at the black-robed man’s throat. “Where is your master?” The man showed no fear and stubbornly replied, “Ying Qi, you cannot save this world. You cannot save anyone.” “Haha. As long as I, Ying Qi, am here, Great Qin will never fall.” With that, he killed the black-robed man with a single sword strike. After hunting down the rest, the whole army shouted, “Great Qin shall not perish! Great Qin shall not perish!” Meng Tian and his father then sat down with Ying Qi to discuss strategy. Meng Tian said, “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, Xianyang City has already been occupied by demons, and the soldiers of the Five Great Camps have scattered everywhere to fight.” Ying Qi replied, “Then find a way to gather the scattered soldiers of the Five Great Camps, and also get news of the Shadow Guards. I believe they are still alive.” At that moment, Ying Qi pointed his sword forward and ordered, “At the fastest speed, gather our forces. The army will march on Xianyang to exterminate the demons and rescue Father Emperor!” The whole army answered in unison, “Exterminate the demons! Rescue the Supreme Emperor!” Dark clouds gathered in the sky and thunder rumbled. In Xianyang City at that moment, Qin Emperor Ying Zheng and the ministers were tied tightly to pillars, awaiting execution. Leading the way was Liu Bang, followed by black-robed, masked men. He shouted, “Tyrant Ying Zheng, today is the day you die!” Ying Zheng cursed him, “Traitor and rebel! You dream of destroying my Great Qin? When my Qi’er returns, he will surely wipe you out!” Ying Zheng and the ministers all shouted fearlessly, “Great Qin will not be destroyed! Great Qin will not perish!” Outside Xianyang City, a sinister demonic banner had been planted atop the walls, and those defending the city were all zombies that had lost their humanity. Many huge cannons were mounted on the walls, aimed at Ying Qi’s army assembling in the distance. Meng Tian said, “Xianyang has already been occupied. The Supreme Emperor is probably still inside.” Ying Qi asked, “Is this all that remains of Great Qin’s soldiers?” Meng Tian replied, “For now, we could only gather forces from within and outside Hangu Pass. The soldiers of the Five Great Camps are scattered everywhere, and we still have no contact with the Shadow Guards.” At this, Ying Qi swung his sword and ordered, “Fine, no need to worry about that now. Soldiers of Great Qin, ahead of us lies the royal capital of our Great Qin, now occupied by demons. This battle concerns the life or death of Great Qin. Follow me into the city and kill the enemy!” The soldiers roared together, “Kill the enemy! Charge!” Ying Qi took the lead. “Follow me and slaughter every demon! Take back Great Qin’s royal capital! Take back Great Qin’s royal capital!” On the other side, the zombies, with blood-red eyes, growled as they advanced to meet them. As he neared them, Ying Qi swung his sword. “So they were actually able to create such a terrifying army? Die!” His sword swept horizontally, and countless zombies fell on the spot. General Meng Tian was no less valiant. “Use the power of martial cultivation—kill all these demons!” But there were simply too many zombies. Looking over, General Meng Tian saw that several Great Qin soldiers had already been brought down by them. “Be careful! These demons feel no pain at all!” At that moment, many gliders of the Shadow Guards appeared in the sky, led by Dun Ruo. He ordered, “Drop them!” The soldiers immediately threw down the firebombs they carried with them. Dense explosions engulfed the zombies, burning them in great flames. Dun Ruo landed and immediately stepped forward to salute. “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, Dun Ruo arrived late.” Ying Qi praised him happily, “You came at just the right time. Quickly follow me into the city and kill!” Dun Ruo immediately pointed ahead and ordered his subordinates, “Fly over the city wall and drop the firebombs for me!” The zombies on the walls had already readied powerful crossbows to attack. But the arrows they fired carried a terrifying evil aura. Many soldiers were struck and fell before they could cross the wall. Ah. Seeing this, Liu Bang began to laugh wildly. “Ying Qi, the weapons you left behind have already been further improved by my master. Isn’t their power terrifying? Hahaha!” He deliberately raised his voice to provoke him. “Ying Qi, your Father Emperor is inside the city, but unfortunately, you cannot save him. I’ll give you the time of one incense stick. If you’re any later, you can come collect his corpse. Hahaha!” Ying Qi ground his teeth in fury. “Damn it!” Meng Tian then led Great Qin’s soldiers charging forward. “Soldiers of Great Qin, follow me into the city and rescue the Supreme Emperor!” When they came within range, the cannons on the walls all fired at once. Explosions thundered everywhere. Many Great Qin soldiers were hit, and the whole army could no longer advance. Only then did Ying Qi act. Channeling martial power into his arm, he shot a brilliant bolt of lightning into the sky. “A bunch of demons dares dream of destroying my Great Qin? Ridiculous!” From that place, a pitch-black figure burst through the clouds like a fired arrow. It was a black dragon with blood-red eyes. “Even if I have to destroy Xianyang City, I will still rescue Father Emperor. As long as my father and I still live, Great Qin still lives!” Riding atop the black dragon’s head, Ying Qi ordered, “Bai Qi, break open the city gate for me!” Bai Qi’s soul, huge in stature, accepted the command. “This subordinate hears the summons!” Ying Qi rode the black dragon ahead. “I’ll go rescue Father Emperor first. Meng Tian, Dun Ruo, you lead the soldiers in storming the city.” Both answered, “Understood!” The black dragon exhaled streams of fire, trying to burn the zombies on the walls. But Liu Bang had also cultivated martial power, and the barrier he raised managed to block it. Grinding his teeth with a dark expression, he said, “Ying Qi, things are different now. You cannot save anyone.” But the black dragon had already carried Ying Qi over the city wall. “Father Emperor, hold on a little longer. Qi’er is here to save you.” Meanwhile, Ying Zheng and the others were still tightly bound to the pillars. Fierce flames had risen, trying to burn the five of them alive, yet their voices remained resolute. “Great Qin shall not perish! Great Qin shall not perish!” The black dragon flew Ying Qi near them, then took a deep breath and sucked the flames into its mouth. “Father Emperor, your son has come to save you!” As the flames around Ying Zheng gradually died down, he cried out, “Qi’er has returned! It’s His Majesty the Martial Emperor! Haha, His Majesty the Martial Emperor! Qi’er, you’ve finally come back!” Ying Qi jumped down in front of them as the flames nearly went out completely. With one slash, he severed the chains. Father and son met again and gripped each other’s hands tightly. Ying Qi said, “Father Emperor, I came back too late and let demons invade our Great Qin.” Moved with emotion, Ying Zheng replied, “Qi’er, it’s all right. As long as father and son still live, we can kill every last demon.” At that moment, Liu Bang and the black-robed men also arrived. He laughed loudly. “Haha, how ridiculous.” He raised his hand and sneered, “Ying Qi, you’ve fallen into the trap.” As he spoke, strange round pillars appeared. They connected to each other, forming a barrier that enclosed Ying Qi and the others inside. The man continued, “Today, you’ll die here without even a place to be buried.” Ying Qi looked at his own hand in confusion. “A demon-suppressing grand array? The martial power in my body is disappearing—I can’t use it at all anymore.” He then shouted to the black dragon flying overhead, “Old Black!” The dragon obeyed with a deep growl and drew in a breath before blasting a huge pillar of fire at the demon-suppressing array. But it had no effect whatsoever. Even Old Black’s dragon breath could not break the barrier. Clearly, this was no ordinary barrier. “Haha, Ying Qi, did you really think you could keep everything in your grasp? You were gravely mistaken.” Then he ordered, “Vengeful spirits, heed my command—devour them!” Ying Qi took up his stance and warned, “Everyone, be careful.” Worried, Ying Zheng said, “Ying Qi, while you still have some power left, break out and leave us behind.” The ministers behind him also spoke with one heart, “That’s right, Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, leave us and break out yourself.” As Ying Qi swung his sword and split the vengeful spirit before him in two, he said, “No, Father Emperor. Since I’ve returned, I must protect all of you. If I can’t even protect you, then how could I protect all under heaven of this Great Qin? We advance together and retreat together.” Hearing this, Ying Zheng also steeled his resolve. “Very well, Qi’er. We will break this barrier and protect Great Qin.” The ministers declared, “We are willing to risk death to help Your Majesty break this barrier!” Ying Qi replied, “Good.” He thrust his sword into the ground, and powerful spiritual energy radiated from the blade. “You want to trap me? It won’t be that easy.” Raising his face to the heavens, Ying Qi shouted, “In the name of Great Qin’s national vein, I awaken the rivers, mountains, forests, and all things of the Nine Provinces—lend me your strength to break this barrier, exterminate the demons, and protect Great Qin!” Everyone cried out together, “Exterminate the demons! Protect Great Qin!” As the oath rang out, a vast golden power enveloped them all. Seeing ruler and ministers united as one, Liu Bang merely laughed in contempt. “Haha.” “Ying Qi, you and your remaining loyalists should just give up. Stop struggling.” Suddenly, a disturbance from the other side made him turn in shock. A massive blaze was rising beyond the buildings. A flock of firebirds, their bodies wrapped in scorching flames, shot this way like arrows. One of them approached the grand array and attacked the formation trapping Ying Qi with its own flames. At that moment, Ying Qi was still chanting, “In the name of Great Qin’s national vein, I awaken the rivers, mountains, forests, and all things of the Nine Provinces—lend me your strength to break this barrier, exterminate the demons, and protect Great Qin.” Following the lead bird, the whole flock of firebirds rushed in to attack the grand array. Flustered, Liu Bang swung his blade at them. “Quick! Use flaming arrows, fire cannons—whatever it takes, drive these things away!” “Move!” At his command, the black-robed men hurried forward. But at that moment, the gate before them was smashed open by a huge, familiar claw from outside. Leading the charge was Blood Tiger, panting as it stormed in with a pack of other fierce beasts to provide reinforcements. Liu Bang was horrified. “Where did these wild beasts come from? Hurry and drive them all away!” Before he could finish speaking, the firebird above his head blasted him with a burst of flames to shut his noisy mouth. He cried out, “Ah! Ah!” Inside the grand array, everyone’s spirits were instantly lifted. “They heard it— the rivers, mountains, forests, and all things of the Nine Provinces, the spirits of nature, all heard it. Great Qin will not perish! Great Qin will not perish! Great Qin shall not perish!” On this side, the enormous ferocious beasts were locked in fierce battle with the zombies. Although Liu Bang had just been scorched by fire, he was still somehow fine; with one slash, he brought down a leopard and shouted, “Kill! Kill them all!” At that moment, the Qin army, led by Meng Tian and Dun Ruo, also came surging in. “Kill! Save the First Emperor and His Majesty the Martial Emperor! Kill!” And that was not all—another legendary figure appeared. Bai Qi’s soul was roaring as well, bringing with it violent storms that blackened a whole stretch of sky. Bai Qi leveled his halberd toward the grand array trapping Ying Qi, and lightning immediately struck down. The grand array shattered apart, unable to withstand even a single blow. Afterward, Bai Qi’s soul respectfully saluted before Ying Qi and his father. “This subordinate, Bai Qi, came too late to rescue Your Majesties. I deserve death.” Ying Qi laughed in delight. “Not late, not late—you came at exactly the right time.” Then Ying Qi pointed his sword to the sky and shouted, “It is time to see the sun again!” A sheet of brilliant golden light shot upward, dispersing all the dark clouds covering the sky above Xianyang City. Liu Bang was so shocked that he collapsed onto the ground. “How is this possible? How could you break my master’s barrier?” Ying Qi had already rushed before him. “You threw Great Qin into chaos, bullied my Father Emperor, and slaughtered Great Qin’s people. I must kill you.” Yet even now, Liu Bang still barked stubbornly, “Haha, Ying Qi, you think you’ve won? Dream on!” With a stern face, Ying Qi asked, “Liu Bang, tell me where Yan’er and my Mother Empress are, and I will leave your corpse intact.” Liu Bang did not answer and only shouted louder, “You can’t win, Ying Qi! You can’t win!” With that, Ying Qi turned and struck with his sword, sending Liu Bang flying away in one slash. After exterminating the rebel traitor, all the soldiers cheered and hailed Ying Qi from below the platform, “His Majesty the Martial Emperor is mighty! His Majesty the Martial Emperor is mighty!” Returning to Ying Zheng’s side, Ying Qi hesitated and said, “Father Emperor, Mother Empress and Yan’er, they...” Ying Zheng cut him off. “Qi’er, as long as we join forces, we can definitely save them.” At that moment, Dun Ruo stepped forward to report, “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, the Empress may have been imprisoned in Epang Palace. After Your Majesty disappeared, demons seized Epang Palace, set up many evil formations there, and even renamed the place...” The two of them immediately asked, “What is it called?” The scene shifted to a gloomy palace like a ghostly realm, and Dun Ruo answered, “It is called the City of Wrongful Death. In the main council hall, General Meng Tian was reporting, “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor, the demons inside and outside the palace have all been driven away. The main army is now assembled outside the city, awaiting Your Majesty’s command.” Ying Qi turned to Ying Zheng and said, “Father Emperor, remain in Xianyang City, gather the troops again, and rebuild the hundred officials. I will lead the soldiers there and will surely rescue Mother Empress and Yan’er.” Ying Zheng placed a hand on his shoulder and replied, “Qi’er, Epang Palace is our home. Our family is imprisoned there. As your father, I want to go with you.” “Father Emperor, Epang Palace has now been occupied by demons. That place is shrouded in demonic aura—even I cannot see through the barrier there.” But Ying Zheng was firm. “Qi’er, no matter how dangerous it is, Father Emperor will advance and retreat with you and protect our Great Qin.” Hearing this, Ying Qi no longer insisted. He turned to look, and all the soldiers shouted in unison, “We swear to follow His Majesty the Martial Emperor to the death and protect Great Qin!” “Good. Then we march to Epang Palace at once and eliminate the demons.” The scene shifted to Epang Palace. The place was enveloped in a strange and gloomy aura. Great Qin’s soldiers had already approached Epang Palace, and the surroundings looked like a land of the dead. A bizarre gust of wind blew over, making the warhorses lose control and rear up like they had gone mad. Meng Tian reported, “Your Majesty, ahead are waves of icy wind. We do not know what kind of demonic sorcery it is, but the warhorses have all been greatly alarmed.” Ying Qi also felt uncomfortable. “This aura is very strange. Even the martial power in my body is being suppressed in front of it.” Ying Zheng pointed toward the gate of Epang Palace. “Qi’er, look.” The palace gates had opened, and the strange aura was coming from inside. Meng Tian said in surprise, “Hmph, the gate opened on its own? This mysterious man—what medicine is he really selling in his gourd?” Dun Ruo respectfully said, “Your Majesty, let me lead the Shadow Guards inside to scout the situation.” “Very well,” Ying Qi replied. With that, Dun Ruo led his men forward. “Follow me.” But before they could even reach the gate, they were blasted away by shadowy ghosts. “Be careful!” Ying Qi broke into a cold sweat at the sight. “This is...” A sinister voice came from inside the gate, calling to Ying Qi. “I do not care what demon you are or where you came from. You brought chaos to my Great Qin. My father and I will never spare you.” The voice sounded again, “Ying Qi, don’t you want to save your family? I’ll let you in—but only you may enter. Let’s see whether you have that courage.” Ying Zheng hurried to stop him. “Qi’er, no. This is his scheme. If you go alone, it will be too dangerous.” Meng Tian also said, “Your Majesty, no. I’ll lead the army in a direct assault on this place.” Struggling to his feet after being struck back, Dun Ruo said, “I don’t believe it. Come with me, let’s charge in together!” But before they could get close, they were blasted away again. “Haha, useless. No matter how many times you try, the result will be the same.” At that moment, Ying Qi leaped down from Blood Tiger’s back. “Fine. I agree to your terms. I will go in alone.” Ying Zheng and the others wanted to stop him. “Qi’er!” “Your Majesty the Martial Emperor!” But Ying Qi raised a hand to stop them. “My mind is made up. The barrier here is no ordinary one. You are Great Qin’s final strength. You cannot throw your lives away for nothing. I will go in alone. Father Emperor, all of you remain outside and wait for an opportunity. I alone will enter.” At this point, Ying Zheng could only encourage him. “Qi’er, be careful.” Then he watched Ying Qi’s back as he entered through the palace gate. The moment he went in, he heard savage peals of laughter. “Hahaha! Hahaha!” Ying Qi looked closely in shock. On both sides of the passage stood enormous pillars, wrapped in chains emitting a strange ghostly glow. So these chains were binding terrifying vengeful souls. They all shrieked at once, making his head ache as he hurried past them. The moment his foot stepped into the main hall, Ying Qi stopped. On the high steps stood a black-robed figure whose face was completely hidden. He said, “Ying Qi, you came back too late.” His eyes flashed red. “You cannot save the world of Great Qin, much less your own family.” Ying Qi asked, “What kind of fiend are you, and why must you oppose me?” The man replied, “Because you should not exist. Your existence has created an unpredictable variable in this world, allowing it to break free from the control of the gods.” Ying Qi angrily cut him off. “Nonsense. Go die!” Then he swung his sword and charged at him. The black-robed man raised a hand and cast a spell. “Do you really think you can kill me here? This City of Wrongful Death—I gathered countless vengeful souls and brought it here from the Netherworld Realm, all specially prepared for you.” Ying Qi's sword was tightly entangled by those strands of purple aura, and he was startled. "What? The Netherworld Realm? Could it be that you come from the Netherworld Realm?" The man replied, "Oh, it's not just me. Don't tell me you've even forgotten who you are? Where do you come from? That's all for today, brothers. Bun sends his greetings and best wishes for victory. Ah, haha."

  Top Comments:
  1. @AncientSocrates_ragebaiter [9 likes]: If fighting is his power then what is he without it?
  2. @TanjiroRecap-q9f [4 likes]: Manhwa Title:The Son Of The First Emperor Kills Enemies And Becomes A God
Please support this channel by commenting: 123 . This is the only way to help the channel survive. Thank you so much, everyone!
  3. @QenioLive [1 likes]: This one and nano machine is the best one so far murin system so far
  4. @bhanuvlogger [1 likes]: i really like the manga whichis based on army and levling up with every fight in murim world having a system is very likely a advantage but that the advantage the MC is nedded
  5. @GoodmanRichie: Everyone do you remember kingdom 🤔🤔❓❓
  6. @EriazeajNeerg: 8:50:06 in
  7. @WBKRBB: 123
  8. @bizzhat: note to self: not this one; system bladibla
  9. @nazarinebeats5521: best bage for recaps
  10. @SakshitJain-n7x: Hello

- Are you creative or analytical? Find out in 5 seconds.: Kind: captions Language: en I would like you to clasp your hands together and keep them in that position for a moment. Some researchers see the brain as having two general modes. In one mode (often called 'right-brained'), it is more intuitive, visual, and creative. In the other (often called 'left-brained'), it is more logical, sequential, and analytical. All of us work in both modes, but naturally tend towards one or the other. According to the theory, if your right thumb is on top of your left thumb then you tend to be a so-called left-brainer, and so are more likely to be verbal and analytical. If your left thumb is on top of your right thumb then you tend to be a so-called right-brainer, and more likely to excel in visual, creative, and intuitive tasks. So, if you want to gain a fun insight into someone, maybe you should ask them to put their hands together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheRaccoon.whatHatesMath: How am I analytical-
I really suck mathematics and other rubbish like that (except chemistry and biology). Also everyone was saying, when I was younger, that I'm sooo creative. I don't think so right now.
  2. @lafortuna272: Right brain person but I’m pretty sure my office job killed all that side of me
  3. @Larstig81: I am a right brainer. 
Visual, creative and intuitive.

I think that's indeed right.😅
  4. @lambda1184: I'm still smiling :)
  5. @danielletrupiano-rodriguez2295: Answer is yes
  6. @ангелина-с6к7ж: Left brainer

Wait isn't that theory about left and right brain is false???
  7. @elowen027: Guess im stupid
  8. @captainb.mccrea5480: I do this and my thumbs are naturally beside each other instead of on top of each other as what feels best to me. When asked to clasp my hands like the video though, my right thumb was on top, and I am definitely left-brained even before trying this
  9. @thesaddestdude3575: Niether, im retarded
  10. @Gybrush_Threepwood: This is just silly
  11. @adityamali1862: I am not sure about the research supporting this video but I am a highly analytical person and have received feedback’s many times that I am an analytical person but the test says I am more inclined towards creativity which is incorrect
  12. @D-N-0: This video made me wanna unplug my brain, I got the shit variant
  13. @LYRBAGUETTE: I have a question. Whats the right side of my brain, from your perspective or mine?
  14. @JasonTheRegular: Right above left
  15. @Rurouni_Jayanth: left brained gang
  16. @arinashu2335: I like things related to strategy and analysis (esp game), but I also really like things related to design and art (and I work in that field). Now, I testing this things and my right thumb is up. I think I'm screwed? 🦆
  17. @user-ip7llykxkn: For anyone new to this video: The hand-crossing test described in this video is considered a myth and lacks scientific backing, as it relies on outdated concepts of brain lateralization. Thumb-crossing is largely an involuntary, genetic trait, and research shows no significant correlation between this physical gesture and actual cognitive style, such as being analytical or creative.
  18. @amgis5218: What about if the tips of both thumbs are pressing against each other (forming something like a church steeple)? Does this mean a person is equally left and right brained?
  19. @MGS-lore-enthusiast: the thing is, at some point i just forced myself to put my right finger above my left for the fun of it and have gotten used to it,so im not psrt of this experiment really
  20. @xmarco2027: Right

- Every Level of Financial Power — From Analyst to Empire Builder: Kind: captions Language: en You sit in front of a glowing screen at 11:47 at night staring at a model that controls hundreds of millions of dollars that are not yours. You're told it is important work, but all you feel is exhaustion building behind your eyes. The deadline is hours away, and every assumption you change feels like it could collapse something you will never see. You are not the one making decisions. You are the one making them look correct on paper. Someone else owns the outcome. You only own the accuracy. You tell yourself this is just the beginning, that everyone starts here, that it will get better. But late at night, when the office is quiet, you start to wonder if beginning and ending ever actually feel different in this world. You realize the work is not temporary. It is a rhythm, and you were already learning how to live inside it without noticing anymore at all right now. You start to notice that time in this world does not move in days anymore. It moves in cycles of models, decks, revisions, and quiet corrections that no one ever thanks you for. You fix the same spreadsheet structure again and again until the numbers feel less like information and more like reflex. You sleep in fragments if at all, waking up thinking about slides you did not finish or assumptions you forgot to stress test. There is a strange conditioning that begins here, where exhaustion stops feeling like a warning and starts feeling like a requirement. Everyone around you says the same thing. It gets easier. You are building discipline. This is just the price of entry. And slowly you stop questioning it. Not because you agree, but because you were too tired to resist anymore. The machine does not ask if you are okay. It only checks if the output is ready. And you learn to respond without emotion. Just precision, just repetition, just survival. And somewhere in that repetition, you stop feeling like someone's starting a career and start feeling like part of a system that never pauses, even when you do. And that is when you realize survival here is not about strength. It is about becoming consistent enough to disappear into the workflow without being noticed. And everyone tells you they started exactly like this. Then, one day, your title changes. And for a moment, it feels like something has shifted in your life. You are no longer just executing. You are responsible now. And that word carries weight in meetings, in emails, in the way people suddenly respond to you a little differently. Your salary increases, your calendar fills with calls instead of pure modeling, and you briefly assume this is what progress is supposed to feel like. But the strange part is nothing about your actual life changes in a way you can truly feel. You still wake up thinking about work. You still end your days fixing problems that were already in motion before you arrived. The only difference is that now the problems have names attached to them. Clients, VPs, CFOs, people who sit just a few layers above you in the hierarchy that suddenly feels much more real. You begin to notice something uncomfortable in these rooms. The people with authority are not necessarily the ones making decisions. They are the ones managing expectations. And slowly, you realize you were closer to power, but not inside it. You are observing it, translating it, supporting it, but not touching it. That realization sits quietly in the background of every conversation, especially when someone higher up speaks with confidence about outcomes you already know are uncertain. And for the first time you start to sense that real control might not live where you thought it did. It might be somewhere you have not been invited into yet. At some point, the shift becomes quiet, but irreversible. You are no longer the person fixing the model in the background. You are now the one whose opinion shapes whether the model even matters. People start listening differently when you speak. Not because your words have changed, but because your position has. Deals now move through you instead of past you. And you begin to understand that control in this world is rarely visible. It is distributed through relationships that were built long before you arrived. CEOs call you directly. Not to ask for answers, but to test alignment, to feel out timing, to understand where pressure will land before it arrives. You learn quickly that numbers are never the real conversation. They are just the language everyone agrees to speak in public. The real decisions happen in tone, in silence, in who owes whom, and who cannot afford to say no. You start noticing how often outcomes depend less on correctness, and more on positioning, on trust that was built in rooms you were never in. And slowly, something in you adjusts to that reality. The discomfort that once would have felt important begins to fade. Replaced by a colder kind of focus. You are not shocked anymore when things are slightly off. When logic bends to relationship. When certainty is replaced by negotiation. And without realizing it you begin operating inside those same rules. Not because you chose them but because you finally understood them. Now the perspective shifts completely. And for the first time you are no longer standing beside capital. You are sitting on top of it. The conversations change in tone because you are no longer advising outcomes. You are deciding them. The language becomes cleaner, more structured, almost surgical. As if distance from emotion is a requirement for clarity. Deals are no longer about whether something should happen but how it should be optimized. How value can be extracted. How inefficiencies can be removed without disrupting the surface stability of the system. You begin to see companies not as groups of people but as layered structures of cost, revenue, and timing. A decision that looks like a line on a spreadsheet translates into hundreds of roles being redefined, relocated, or removed. But that translation is never spoken out loud in the rooms where it is made. Instead, it is framed as restructuring, right-sizing, alignment with long-term strategy. Words that smooth the edges of consequences until they almost feel abstract. At first, there is a moment where you notice the weight of that distance. But over time, even that reaction fades replaced by familiarity with how this world speaks about change. You tell yourself this is simply how capital works, that efficiency is not personal, that markets do not pause for sentiment. And slowly that explanation stops feeling like justification and starts feeling like reality. Something you no longer question, but simply operate within. At this level, the idea of a single deal feels almost small. Because what you are actually dealing with is the movement of entire economies through time. Capital is no longer something you deploy into companies. It is something you position across countries, currencies, and cycles that most people only see after the effect has already happened. Conversations are no longer about quarterly performance. They are about interest rate paths, sovereign liquidity, and political stability that will not be visible to the public for months. You start to recognize how early information truly shapes reality. Not inside insider trading lines, but in patterns, in signals, in structural shifts that repeat across decades if you know how to read them. By the time markets react, you are already adjusting. That delay between understanding and public awareness becomes your advantage, and over time it becomes normal. Finance ministers speak in indirect language. Central banks signal through policy adjustments. And you learn to interpret what is not being said more than what is. There is a strange detachment that comes with this layer. Not emotional, but perceptual. Everyday concerns feel distant, almost simplified, as if they belong to a different operating system. Your decisions move billions, but they feel increasingly quiet, executed through frameworks rather than moments. And the more precise your view becomes, the less connected you feel to the noise that surrounds it. Until even the idea of normal life feels like something you once observed, but no longer participate in. At some point, even the idea of participating disappears. Because you are no longer inside the system in any meaningful way. You are describing the system itself as it moves. Capital no longer feels like something you manage or influence. It feels like something that passes through structures you helped define, shaped by rules that now operate independently of you. Decisions are no longer events on your calendar. They are outcomes of frameworks that continue even in your absence. People still think of you as a person in rooms, but internally that distinction has already weakened. You are closer to an architecture than an identity. A set of positions through which information, capital, and influence flow. And in that state, even success stops registering as emotion. It becomes confirmation that the structure is functioning as intended. There is no peak anymore, only continuation. Somewhere far below this layer, a new analyst sits in front of a glowing screen, repeating the same cycle you once lived through. He believes it is about money or promotion or escape, but you understand it differently now. It was never about arrival, only transition. A system that replaces its participants while remaining unchanged. And as he begins, the machine does not pause. It simply adjusts to include him as it once included you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pogchog6766: Stinks of clanker

- FBI Careers: Intelligence Analyst: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Erica. I’m an intelligence analyst, and I work for the Operational Technology Division, and I'm in the Technical Intelligence Unit. I’ve been with the Bureau for six years now and the government in general for 11 years. So, in TIU, we research and analyze technology to see how the Bureau uses it and to see how it’s used in the world and how it may affect the Bureau, its missions, and its operations. Day-to-day for an intelligence analyst is literally different every day, sometimes hour-by-hour. I would say everyone that I’ve met at the FBI, everyone that I’ve had the privilege to work with, was very dedicated. Everybody is very dedicated to the mission, everybody is very dedicated to getting the bad guys off the street. We need people of different educations and different backgrounds to come to bring that different aspect to the intelligence, that fresh set of eyes, because we all look at things differently.

- Losing Your Job In 2030? Here's How To Survive In The AI Era!': Kind: captions Language: en welcome to my channel don't forget to like And subscribe Dot and if you want to support further dot click the heart icon below thank you let's get started imagine one morning in 2030 the world outside your window looks like something out of a sci-fi movie skyscrapers touch the sky and autonomous vehicles zip through the streets the air is filled with the hum of drones delivering packages and digital Billboards Flash the latest news and advertisements you wake up as usual your eyes are still heavy but your hand instinctively reaches for your phone it's a routine you've done a thousand times almost like muscle memory the device lights up casting a soft glow in the dim room a new email notification pops up you open it without thinking much and suddenly your heart starts pounding the subject line reads important update regarding your position thank you for your dedic however we have implemented a new AI system which means your role is no longer needed the words blur together as you try to process what you're reading it's like a punch to the gut the company will transition to full automation effective January 1st 2030 you knew automation was coming but you never thought it would happen so soon or that it would affect you so directly you freeze your eyes are glued to the phone screen but your brain feels like it just shut down thoughts race through your mind what will you do now how will you support your family what about your mortgage your bills No this must be a nightmare but it's real in just seconds the job you've worked for years is gone the security you once felt has evaporated leaving you in a state of disbelief and fear not because you weren't good enough not because the company went bankrupt but because you have been replaced by technology the realization hits hard your skills your experience everything you've built your career on has been deemed obsolete now the real question is are you ready for this are you prepared for a world where technology can replace human effort in the blink of an eye it's a future that's coming faster than we ever imagined the time to adapt is [Music] now you see rise's story is like so many others I've heard it's a tale of ambition hard work and the pursuit of the so-called American Dream he was a data analyst good at his job worked hard his whole life he spent countless hours in front of his computer analyzing data making sense of numbers and providing insights that helped his company grow he did everything he was supposed to do get good grades go to college find a stable job he followed the path laid out for him the one that promised success and stability he excelled in school graduated with honors and landed a job at a reputable firm his parents were proud his friends envious he was living the dream and for a while it worked he had a decent salary even bought a house and a car he was the epitome of success a shining example of what hard work could achieve he felt secure and isn't that what we all want that feeling of security of knowing we're going to be okay he could relax on his couch spend time with his family and not worry about the future but here's the thing about security it can be an illusion it's a fragile construct easily Shattered by the unexpected because the world is changing faster than ever before the pace of life is accelerating and with it the nature of work and security and what felt safe yesterday might disappear tomorrow raaza started noticing it at work the subtle shifts the quiet changes that hinted at a larger transformation jobs that used to be done by a whole team were now being done by computers by AI the efficiency was undeniable but it came at a cost but you know it's easy to dismiss those changes when they don't feel personal when it's not your job on the line it's easy to ignore the signs it's easy to think well that's their department or technology will never replace my job we convince ourselves that we're safe that we're different but the truth is none of us are immune to change the advancements in technology the shifts in the economy they affect us all no one is truly safe Raza realized this too late by the time he understood the magnitude of the changes it was already too late the job he had worked so hard for the security he had built it all started to crumble and so raz's story is a cautionary tale a reminder that in this everchanging world we must remain Vigilant adaptable and always prepared for the unexpected because the only only true security lies in our ability to adapt and [Applause] evolve can you imagine the feeling the sinking sensation in your stomach the cold sweat forming on your brow to open an email and have your whole world turn upside down the disbelief the shock the immediate rush of questions flooding your mind that's what happened to raaza a dedicated professional always the first to arrive and the last to leave he had built his career brick by Brick only to see it all come crashing down in an instant one minute he had a career the next minute he was staring at a computer screen wondering what to do next the email was brief almost cold informing him that his position was no longer needed he did what we all do he started applying for jobs he updated his resume wrote countless cover letters and sent out applications to every company he could think of but every interview every Rejection it was the same story the polite but firm emails the sympathetic but dismissive phone calls we've gone with AI they'd say it's more efficient the words stung a constant reminder that he was being replaced by a machine and you know it's easy to get angry in that situation the frustration builds up the sense of Injustice gnaws at you to blame the technology to blame the system to feel like a victim of progress left behind in a world that's moving too fast raaza did he felt lost betrayed even the sense of purpose he once had was replaced by a void a gaping hole where his career used to be the life he built the promises he believed in it all felt like it was crumbling around him the weight of his responsibilities the expectations of his family it all seemed too much to bear and the worst part he didn't know how to stop it the uncertainty of the future loomed over him like a dark cloud casting a shadow on every every aspect of his life have you ever felt like that like you're just barely holding on and the world is spinning too fast that's where Raza found himself he was out of work his savings were dwindling and the bills oh the bills kept coming he started blaming everything and everyone but himself it's easy to do that isn't it to point fingers instead of looking inward but one night sitting alone in his apartment something shifted for raaza he looked out at the city lights and it hit him the world wasn't going to stop for him technology wasn't going to magically disappear the only thing he could change was himself chapter 4 rebuilding life from scratch this is where raz's story takes a turn he could have stayed stuck bitter and resentful but he chose something different he chose to adapt he realized that the world needed new skills skills that AI couldn't replicate think about it creativity empathy critical thinking the very things that make us human those are the things that will always be valuable raaza started learning everything he could about AI about the digital world he realized that instead of fearing technology he could use it to his Advantage he could become the master of his own future chapter 5 the transformation toward a new success now this wasn't easy it took time dedication a whole lot of late nights but raaza he was determined he took online courses he read everything he could get his hands on and slowly but surely he started to rebuild his life he launched his own business a technology business no less he used AI as a tool not an obstacle and you know what it worked within a year he wasn't just surviving he was thriving he had created something new something meaningful and he had done it on his own terms chapter 6 motivation for you watching this so I ask you are you ready for 2030 because the world isn't slowing down if anything it's accelerating jobs will change Industries will transform but that doesn't mean we have to be left behind like raaza we have the power to adapt to learn to grow the key is to embrace the change not fear it what skills are you passionate about what can you learn today that will make you invaluable tomorrow don't wait for someone to tell you what to do create your own future the world is full of opportunities for those who are brave enough to seize them outro what will your story be you see raaza story isn't just about job loss and AI it's about resilience about the power we all have within us to overcome challenges and create a new path it's about understanding that change while scary is also an invitation an invitation to learn to grow to become more than we ever thought possible so I ask you again what will your story be

- Dan Pink: The puzzling secret to motivation (Key Points Talk): Kind: captions Language: en I wanna make a case for rethinking how we run our businesses. Take a look at this. This is called the candle problem and here's how it works. I bring you into a room, I give you a candle, some thumbtacks, and some matches and I say to you: Your job is to attach the candle to the wall so the wax doesn't drip on the table. And eventually after 5 or 10 minutes, most people figure out the solution which you can see here. The key is to overcome what is called functional fixedness. You look at that box and you see it only as a receptacle for the tacks, but it can also have this other function as a platform for the candle. Now, I wanna tell you about an experiment using the candle problem, done by a scientist named Sam Glucksberg - he gathered his participants and he says I'm gonna time you, how quickly you can solve this problem. He offered rewards, he said if you're in the top 25% of the fastest times, you get 5 dollars. If you're the fastest of everyone we're testing here today, you get 20 dollars. How much faster did this group solve the problem? Answer: It took them on average 3 and a half minutes... longer. Three and a half minutes longer, now this makes no sense, right? If you want people to perform better, you reward them, right? Bonuses, commissions, their own reality show, incentivize them. You've got an incentive designed to sharpen thinking and accelerate creativity and it does just the opposite. These contingent motivators: If you do this then you get that work in some circumstances but for a lot of tasks, they actually either don't work or often they do harm. Think about your own work: Are the problems that you face or even the problems we've been talking about here, are those kinds of problems - do they have a clear set of rules and a single solution? No! Those if - then rewards DON'T WORK! Economists at LSE looked at 51 studies of pay for performance plans inside of companies. Here's what the economists there said: "We find that financial incentives can result in a negative impact on overall performance." There's a mismatch between what science knows and what business does. Here's what science knows: 1. Those 20th century rewards, those motivators we think are the natural part of business do work but only in a surprisingly narrow band of circumstances. 2. Those if then rewards often destroy creativity. 3. The secret to high performance isn't rewards and punishments but that unseen intrinsic drive, the drive to do things for their own sake, the drive to do things because they matter. I rest my case.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cipz1 [6 likes]: gave ppl 1 task.


group a:

most ppl finished it.



group b, were offered money rewards to finish quicker:

ppl finished 3.5mins LATER



secret is: intrinsic drive, for things that matter
  2. @random_foo9712 [1 likes]: 3rd
  3. @JamesWilson-ts5xk: Mmm not sure I agree - yes for a one off task this might work, but what about day after day for years and years? Also, science also proves that compensation drives behaviour. Not sure if I am missing something because this is the ‘key points’ but, seems snake oil ish.

- This video breaks the algorithm.: Kind: captions Language: en Please turn your playback speed to 25% and turn on closed captioning if you don't do this none of this video will make sense at all. Hello, I'm dapz, and I know this video is very different from the "impossible" videos I [normally] make. But I've been wondering about this for a few months and now that I have an audience on youtube, I feel like it's finally time for me to test my hypothesis. Basically, the youtube algorithm most favors 3 metrics. Click through rate, watch time, and retention rate. Retention rate is how much of a video a person watches in percent. And I found through testing on another channel and a video by VidIQ (link in description) If your audience slows down the playback speed of your video to like let's say 25% the retention rate will be counted as [up to] 400% which is MADLY high. The purpose of this video is to test whether or not youtube has safeguards in place to prevent the abuse of this. Especially since it's not really disallowed in the community guidelines. (though it is unethical) If this experiment works and this video is recommended across youtube that kinda proves my point and I can easily propose some solutions to that problem. If it turns out that Youtube did think of this already, and they already fixed this issue so it cannot be abused, whatever. This isn't about me being proven right. Whatever the outcome of this video is, I learned something, and that's all that matters to me. Now, sure there are issues about making people watch videos at slower speeds. For one, with 25% as an example, the frame rate of the video will be MAXIMUM 15 frames per second. Also, the audio quality will take a significant hit, especially since youtube's audio slowdown thing is not really perfect. but I'm sure someone smarter and more determined than me (basically anyone) can find a way to mess with the audio to make it sound completely normal. when slowed down. So if you stayed till

  Top Comments:
  1. @dapz [21000 likes]: Follow up vid: https://youtu.be/SLYdgp2H554

This is my most viewed vid now, I think I prove my point

Edit: I’ve been told from a very credible source that this video’s retention rate is insane because of people rewatching the video

As of 3/20/2022 it is now third most viewed
  2. @LotaMotion [2 likes]: I started my channel four months ago and just hit 20 Subscribers! Motivation is high everyone keep going it’s all about being consistent :)
  3. @harshi-harschlag-mt-kola [1 likes]: I got this recommend after 4 years 😅
  4. @Gnab1e [1 likes]: 4 years later 😅
  5. @danielcooney1840 [1 likes]: Does anyone else think it would be really funny if someone printed a bunch of QR codes sticker that linked to this video and use it to cover up other QR codes? 
Do you think this video would go viral again years later?
I wouldn’t ever do that, but I was just curious if anyone else thinks it would be funny?
  6. @AndreyHoang: Thank, i slowed it to 0,1x so its gonna be 1000%.
  7. @krishnaprasadgautam9832: Why?? , I can make 2.1x video😂
  8. @arnavjain.: lmao
  9. @Onlyinohiogriddy: 6x
  10. @ant_6719: 4x
  11. @jellyfishin-water9331: 00:00 
Too soon for 2x 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @blaisy7356: Why am I hearing a alien did they escape from area 51
  13. @MHE-xp7lz: Recommended 4 years later, i think it may have worked
  14. @FLUNES: well it was on my home page, so i assume it worked
  15. @its.hopeee: Got this recommended after 4 years 😭
  16. @jacquiswartz3747: I put this on loop and ate lunch so I hope that helps.
  17. @Voidality: Funny thing i understood it tho i didn't put the speed on that
  18. @greenandbrown-blue: What's even going on
  19. @HollywoodPulse-18kanu: This is acually a 1.25 minute video
  20. @ABResearch-wi3br: Good

- This method breaks YouTube algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys today I want to share a simple trick that breaks YouTube algorithm but before we start turn the video speed on 25 if you don't do this none of this video will make sense at all

  Top Comments:
  1. @alukhan_ [5 likes]: This is a real trick but dapz did it first
  2. @harshavardhan2917 [4 likes]: I am here before the video breaks the internet 🎉🎉🎉
  3. @justonecuber [4 likes]: Im here before this video blows up and gets like a million views
  4. @DefenDefault4 [2 likes]: Yeah indeed
  5. @PURGE_EVIL [1 likes]: Yup, this video is going viral
  6. @PURGE_EVIL: You should post another video showing the results after some time has passed

- How to outsmart YouTube algorithm *VERY EASY*: Kind: captions Language: en If making it on YouTube isn't impossible. But here's the truth nobody tells you. Most creators fail. Not cuz the algorithm hates them. It's because they don't actually try. You think posting a random video here and there will magically blow up? Nah. Growth is like hitting odds in a casino. You don't win every time. But if you keep playing smart, learning, and taking shots, your chance to hit big keeps stacking. Most people quit before they even get close. 10 videos, no views, they rage quit. But the ones who make it, they experiment, fail fast, and keep going. They study trends without copying. They tweak, they adapt, and they never stop. Here's the part that hits hardest. Your first impression matters. Your thumbnail, your hook, your style. It's what makes someone stop scrolling. If it sucks, your video dies before it even starts. If you want, I can help manage your thumbnail game and actually make it click worthy. Links in the description. So yeah, YouTube isn't easy, but it's not impossible either. Stop hoping for luck. Start stacking your odds. Take the shots. Keep grinding. The ones who actually try, they win. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thebrevlo [2 likes]: how's the video? let me know in comments also follow me on instagram😈:
https:/www.instagram.com/brevlo
  2. @Cats-are-cuter [2 likes]: 0:46 racism is never funny gang
  3. @vashuharit [1 likes]: thanks for the guidance🫢🙏🙏
  4. @रहस्यलोक-स8फ: Than btw. , which ai or application you used to make this video?

- Is The TikTok Algorithm Hiding Your Videos From Gen Z? - Gen Z Unfiltered: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Is the Tik Tok algorithm hiding your videos from General Z? Ever wonder why some videos seem to vanish into thin air on Tik Tok? Or why your content isn't reaching the young crow you're aiming for? It might seem like the platform is hiding your videos from General Z, but let's look at what's really happening behind the scenes. Tik Tok's algorithm doesn't intentionally hide videos from general Z users. Instead, it uses a complex system that recommends content based on each user's habits and preferences. Every time someone opens Tik Tok, the app analyzes what they watch, like, share, or skip. It also looks at video details like captions, hashtags, sounds, and effects. Plus, it considers user information like language, location, and device type. This means that what shows up on the for you page is highly personalized. If your video doesn't match the interests or engagement patterns of general Z viewers, it might not appear to them. But that's not because Tik Tok is blocking your content. It's because the algorithm is trying to serve each user what they're most likely to enjoy. For creators wanting to reach General Z, it's important to make videos that grab attention fast. Use trending sounds, relevant hashtags, and clear captions. Creating content within popular niches like mom talk or fit talk can help your videos get noticed. Engagement is key. Encourage viewers to like, comment, and watch your videos multiple times. The more they interact, the more the algorithm sees your content as relevant. Sometimes videos might seem to disappear or get less visibility due to shadow banning. This can happen if content violates Tik Tok's guidelines or if you use recycled hashtags or low-quality uploads. Shadow banning isn't officially announced, but it can make your videos less visible without warning. This can feel like your content is being hidden from General Z, especially if you don't see the usual engagement. In reality, Tik Tok system is all about relevance. It filters what it shows based on user behavior, not on any attempt to hide certain groups. To improve your chances of reaching general Z, focus on creating engaging niche specific videos with strong hooks and optimized metadata. This way, your content is more likely to be recommended to the right audience. Remember, consistency and understanding what your target viewers like are your best tools for success on Tik Tok.

- How To Understand LinkedIn's Content Distribution Algorithm? - Social Media Business Playbook: Kind: captions Language: en How to understand Linkin's content distribution algorithm. Have you ever wondered how Linkin decides what content appears in your feed? Understanding Linkin's content distribution algorithm can help you create posts that reach a wider audience. Let's break it down in simple terms. When you share a post on LinkedIn, the algorithm starts by checking its quality. It looks for spammy content or anything that doesn't meet community standards. If your post is flagged as lowquality, it won't be shown much at all. However, if it passes this initial check, it gets a chance to shine. Your post is then shown to a small group of your connections. This is like a test run to see how people react. If your post gets a lot of likes, comments, or shares, it signals to the algorithm that your content is engaging. This can lead to wider distribution, allowing it to reach even more people, including those who are not directly connected to you. Several key factors influence how the algorithm determines what content is relevant. First, connection strength plays a big role. If you interact frequently with certain users, their posts will likely appear more often in your feed. The algorithm values meaningful interactions over just having a lot of connections. Next, content relevance is crucial. The algorithm looks at keywords and topics that relate to your interests and past interactions. This helps it match content that you will find meaningful. Engagement metrics are also important. Posts that spark conversations or are shared widely get a boost. This indicates that the content is resonating with users. Consistency matters too. Regularly posting signals to the algorithm that you are an active user. This can help increase the reach of your content over time. The composition of your post matters as well. Using the right number of hashtags, ideally three to five, can help your content get noticed. Avoiding spammy behavior like irrelevant tagging, is essential. It's also wise to space out your posts, allowing at least 12 hours between them. The distribution process happens in stages. First, there is quality filtering where the algorithm checks your post against community standards. Then comes engagement testing where it gauges reactions from a small audience. After that, the algorithm ranks your content based on your network and relevance. Finally, if your post performs well, it gets wider distribution. For businesses using Linkin's publishing platform, understanding this algorithm is vital. Focus on creating highquality, relevant content that speaks to your target audience. Engage consistently and inform meaningful interactions. By aligning your content strategy with how Linkin's algorithm works, you can boost your visibility and foster professional relationships on the platform.

- Impact of AI on content creation, the need for authentic and information-rich content Webinar: Kind: captions Language: en uh the recording will be available on digital marketing [Music] experts.com we're going to be talking about impacts of AI content creation and um the need for authentic and information Rich uh contents today my name is Miriam Golab gear and I am the chief amazement officer of digital marketing experts uh been the industry for 18 years and um I have worked with um multiple businesses uh before I started my own business um and then when I started my own business I've worked with uh many small to medium-sized businesses that are trying to grow online and uh capture that audience that's necessarily online as well so today we're going to talk about artificial intelligent and how they've revolutionized content creation um and how important it is that we look at what's being generated and used the data driven inside to kind of optimize that content as much as possible but I also understand how um that authenticity of the information that's coming through from that generator content is so important um as we all know thanks to tools like Jasper and WR Sonic and um chat GPT there's a massive rise in AI at content creation and uh these tools chat GPT Jasper and WR Sonic do generate articles blog posts social media content video script um anything and everything you can build a presentation you can write a book using it there's many things you can do and they're continuously um they're they're improving the you know efficiency of what it does but at the same time remember that this particular uh all of these tools they do lack um originality and make um human oversight of really important in this um one of the things that happens when we create when we use these tools and we put that information on our website um hold on I missed the slide oh no I didn't sorry uh when we put that information on our website that information is coming from a third party that doesn't understand our website so that means that when you are using these tools to create that information and that content you should also informed that the chat GPT or Jasper or whatever tool you're using why you're using this content so if you're creating a content for your website feed that information into the tool so the tool understand the purpose of this content um if you have particular keywords or um key phrases or description that you are going to be using I highly recommend adding that into uh the content that's being written so that it is actually optimized for your website uh one of the things that that we always recommend for SEO for sear and optimization is Surfer SEO and uh clear scope so both these tools prior to writing these contents what they do is they analyze the keywords and the competitors and kind of tell you how to enhance your content and make it more visible you can use both of them to create your content that if you want to for your search engine optimization but the and the way they write it is for search intent so they're looking for um how individuals are looking for your information however again if you're using these tools you have to educate the tool so if you're using Surfer tool or clear scope you have to inform it who your target audience is uh what's their age group and what keywords are your best that that you use to sell your bestselling products and services I have a bunch of tools here that I I personally recommend I've used every single one of them clear scope is a really good one it's uh it's it's a Content optimization tool um it there's a paid and then there's the free version as well uh but I think the free version is a trial version what it does is it helps you uh get higher search ranking for your products and it what it couple of the Futures are keyword research and optimizing based on how your content is analyzed also uses competitor's content to kind of analyze one yours against theirs and it's really good for enhancing any sort of relevance or quality content you want to put out for engine ranking now um again educate the tool let it know what your who your target audience is and what products you're selling and what's your best uh product that you're selling uh Market Muse is another one what it does is it um it creates it audits your existing content and identifies where the gaps and kind of gives you recommendations on how to create new um any sort of a new content that you want to a couple of the features that it has content briefing uh keyword an analysis and competitive research and and in that competitive research you have to tell it who your top competitors are if it goes and finds your competitor it it won't be the same because I when I Ed this tool I had to uh pick a geographical location and say these are my top three competitors in this particular geographical location not necessarily anybody that does digital marketing because what it does is it will go and pick everybody body that does digital marketing and offers similar Services as I do but that's not my actual competitor so you have to explain that to the Tool uh Surfer is another one same uh concept as uh clear scope uh what and um what it actually does is just you know goes through your every page and optimize based on the data of other top ranking Pages uh it offers keyword analysis and content optimization and it does do a um SEO audit this one will require um a lot of information about your services and I would recommend if you before you do this you know uh let it what it does is it Sur it actually scans your entire website um but I would if I were you I would make sure that I have a clear description of my services and my products on my website before I unleash this tool because is once you do then it will audit based on exactly what your services and products are I use SC Rush most search engine optimization companies use SC rush for multi multitude of um tools that are available to it and they do offer a really good Aid driven uh SEO tool that helps you come up with keyword research or any sort of a competitor analysis that you are looking for and optimize your content it offers the same thing keyword research and side audit and rank track um when you look at all of them sem rush it has a free version but the free version isn't as comprehensive um so I would look at the pricing for the CM mer is uh quite expensive but but you get what you pay for phase is another one and um again what they do is they create content excuse me I'm trying I think somebody no uh they create content and um pick certain keywords and then put you up and align you with the search engine algorithms based on high quality content that you create um personalization is incredibly important so there's two tools that are very big uh pado and G Grammy uh it's important to specify who your audience is and kind of um make sure you know your users very well and when you do tailor the messages that you're trying to send according to that demographic and that target audience you're going after this is very important we recently worked with um a company that sells um cold plunge to tubs and the were under this impression that they were more women between ages of 25 to 34 that are using their product which was false it's actually men between between the ages of 39 and 55 that are using their products the most and we had to you know go back and change their entire messaging so we can align their messaging to their exact target audience um there's couple tools for uh multimedia content now I am not a big fan of um AI generated videos I think it's um doesn't have any authenticity and it's uh if you just need a filler content it would be fine but if you're creating a Content that represents your brand your services your business your products I highly recommend um and again this is a personal opinion maybe you know uh people will change down the line and they wouldn't care but I would actually recommend using you know an actual videographer or even picking up the phone yourself and you know using your phone and creating that video but if you do need um you know to create any video content that is AI generated you with avatars I would recommend Dal and uh sthesia and both hold on I just have to let somebody okay so both of these tools they um they do really well when it comes to creating that storytelling and uh building that audience trust but then again it's all about the type of videos my demographic wants to watch and you know we are dealing with people that are you know pretty smart so I don't know how valuable an AI generated video would be to someone who's trying to buy a product from you um so I would I would understand if my audience is ready for that and then I would use these tools however one thing you can do is you can provide it with bunch of high quality um you know images and with Del and ask it to create a video based on these images and then give it a little bit of emotion if you want to do that or if you have a video and you want it to be just you know add a few slides into or sorry frames into that video it that's that's an option as well so let's talk about the need for authentic and information-rich content and why is that important well there's this thing that Google always emphasizes called eat so that's called experience expertise Authority and trustworthiness so Google favors content that provides a real expertise and trustworthiness and AI cannot give you that yet it might down the future um there might be tools that you know that are being worked on that are you know really good but AI generated content for the most part lack that firsthand experience it's very um it comes from that place of generalized information and it's really hard to blend an AI efficiency with a human authenticity and it's important to think of that before you write any particular um you know if you write content for your website or for any blog that you're doing or you know I had a someone that told me that they're um creating all their presentation through uh chat GPT which is fine I mean if that works for you 100% but You' got to make sure that it's done properly there's another problem with AI and that's the danger of misinformation so um they can provide you with outdated or inaccurate information so fact checking is so important with what you're what you know what's being spit out out from chat GPT um and kind of try to maintain that content Integrity uh I work with um a medical business they sell medical products and we've been um we have two approaches number one approach was that we hired an actual blogger to write all the blogs and um they didn't like one of the blogs and they got somebody um I guess somebody internally too you know create something a a replacement for the blog that they didn't like and it was so obvious that it was written by chat GPT um chat gbt has like a format and and the format is very um Block Base and it always a conclusion at the end especially if you ask chat you to write a post for you um now the information that was in there was the problem uh the information was us-based even though the client is a Canadian based company so you also want to mention the geographical location of people that you're targeting as well when you get your content created on any of these chat Bots um user trust and brand reputation is incredibly important to everybody um as a person who shops non-stop online um I do care if the brand has a rep a good reputation I do check their Google reviews and it matters to me I do look at who else has bought from them and what their thoughts are so consumer value Brands um that provide honest valuable and insight content are the way to go and authentic content does create that longterm customer loyalty and it does make your brand to have an authority so if you are going to continue to use AI That's fine go ahead but spend the next little bit of time teaching that AI what your brand is representing um Ai and the role of human creativity well AI has been accelerating creating um you know content and um we do want to add but the difference is that we add like so when I write something I add emotional and depth and relatability into it if I'm speaking to you um about what I'm speaking to about there's this emotion or if I'm writing it that you can feel that emotion so it's important sorry there's a question have you heard of clutch if so what do you think about it and collecting reviews about your business I have heard of clutch it's a fantastic tool um it's very good for businesses that are trying to work with other businesses uh so especially in the tech world we we do look at clutch and see uh what's is being said about a particular business so yes clutch is a great tool um the only thing with clutch is that if you do get a bad review or you get a bad uh response if you have more than couple of bad responses uh they do look at you and they do investigate why and you might lose your position in there where you are so but yeah 100% is a great great tool to use uh I'm going to go back to this um what you want to do is this is again go back to teaching your tools how and what your tone is so you can tell your tools what your tone is you do want to um one of the things that I always uh recommend is if you do have grammarly and you are using um any sort of a chat GPT or Jasper or any other um AI generating tools I do recommend writing it transfer transferring it into a Word document and then going uh resetting your grammarly to match the tone of your brand and then go through it with um grammarly and and correct the sentencing form so that you can create that imp impactfulness and engagement to that story now I just told you about factchecking and this is very important you can use tools like uh Google Scholar or uh research gate to see if you can uh if the information that's being provided is factual uh factcheck.org and Snopes also help verify the accuracy of the information that's uh being sent out through um chat GPT so then or any of the other tools and then you can just add that to your website now couple of the content writing tools that I like to use I'm a big fan of uh grammarly and I have used Hemingway but I love grammarly um I've purchased the I have purchased the highest uh package with grammarly um so it's a really good really good tool especially if you can use it to uh reinforce your Brand's to um if you want to write in a particular style if you're writing in a professional style informative style humorous style however that your style is do use grammarly and do use um in Hing ways the same way like it it has a lot of good features that you can use notion and Evernote are good for organizing research and ideas and making it more efficient I have used Evernote it's it's a great tool it's not something I would continue to use but it's a great tool for if you want to take a look at any sort of a writing tools um if you're not comfortable with you know your own way of writing I'm not so I the other thing is that like so I am recommending these tools I am recommending AI but then when it comes to certain clients of mine I do recommend using a proper content blog writer uh who has experience in in particular Industries the other thing is that when you do use all of these tools they're programmed by people and they collect information from the other portions of the websites that are out there so there's no authenticity in it if they're talking about a if you want something written in about a particular industry um or a particular you know tool set or or services that is very uh specific these tools will not work for you so I know this for a fact uh the finance world is not a big fan of AI tools because you know the information is not there's a lot of liability when it comes to information that that is you know shared in the finance world and all of these AI tools are not 100% there when it comes to providing the right accurate information so using the tools that I'm recommending and factchecking and making sure that there's that authenticity it's actually quite important let's look at some strategies to ensure high quality content so try to combine uh AI with your Human Experience so use the AI for the initial draft and then go through it and read it through like I just said like I said originally let chat GPT write you that article take it back to grammarly and make sure it's grammatically correct it has your tone and it's accurate it's and then like it's written properly as far as grammatically is concerned then take that information and piece by piece fact check it and couple of things that AIS usually don't do is that they don't provide you with a call to action when you speak to someone if you're even if you're providing them with information you kind of want to make sure that you want to ask them to do something for you whether you if they have a question they can contact you you know think about as if you're sending an email to somebody at the end of the email you either say I look forward to hearing from you please contact me if you have any questions or something to prolong that relationship so try to add that into the content that you're creating make sure you're leveraging um data data is important okay AI can tailor any sort of a Content that you want for the user's preference as I said you can tell it I'm looking for um to write a content for someone who is you know 44 to 55 male making $100,000 a year interested in basketball has a love for dogs and loves to eat pasta you can create that target audience and because you know that t excuse me you know that Target that's your target audience if you know who they are tell the system that's who you want to write the the the content for so use your audience data to to create that relevancy and that authenticity I am a big believer as I said establishing a very clear editorial process so I say write your workflow what do you want it to say um if as I said put it in chat GPT then put it into grammar lead then fact check it and then read it through give it a call to action and then Define um like a kind of like a quality guideline to make sure that everything you create moving forward follows that Str instructions so that there's that you know consistency and credibility in the content you create I love user generated content we call it ugc and um this could be a user testimonial case studies any sort of a um review of what it is that you're doing it adds in so much more authenticity and this is something that you can't necessarily get from AI this has to come from a real human being so including as much test testimonial and case study as you can um it does make a huge differ in your community engagement to create that trust let's talk about a couple of case studies so I'm going to talk about the New York Times what they did was they were looking to integrate AI without compromising their journalistic integrity so they used an AI for data analysis and then uh topic recommendations and then they use Their audience inside um and then they went back and had a human you know report on all of that so they once they did that the outcome was that there was an increase in the engagement and credibility and AI did help them with the efficiency of the whole project I use HubSpot and uh I personally think HubSpot is very well known when it comes to creating uh content that is related to marketing uh content management uh customer Rel customer management crms they're they're really good at providing a lot of good content so they were looking to scale their content creation without diluting the quality of it so they use an AI tool to do their keyword research and then content structuring okay not writing structuring and then they made sure a human editor crafted the final article so they just used the AI for the keywords and the structure of that the outcome was that they improved their search and optimization ranking and they engaged um while maintaining authenticity with their end users and that's about it did you guys have any questions well now that we don't have any questions I'd like to thank you all for joining and this presentation will be available on our website with the recording of this uh webinar feel free to download it if you like and uh if you have any question feel free to reach out to me have a wonderful day everyone and hope to see you soon bye

- Why Did Google Introduce The BERT Algorithm Update? - Modern Marketing Moves: Kind: captions Language: en Why did Google introduce the BERT algorithm update? Have you ever wondered how Google seems to understand your search queries so well? The introduction of the BERT algorithm update is a big part of that story. BERT stands for birectional encoder representations from transformers. This update was rolled out to help Google better understand natural language in search queries. Before BERT, Google often looked at words in isolation or in a limited context. This approach sometimes led to results that miss the mark, especially for longer, more conversational searches. With BERT, Google can analyze words in relation to all other words in a sentence, both before and after a specific word. This means it can grasp the context and nuances of language much more effectively. For example, consider the difference between the phrases, I went to the bank to fish, and I went to the bank to deposit money. The meaning of bank changes based on the surrounding words. BERT helps Google understand these kinds of distinctions, which is essential for delivering accurate search results. This update is particularly beneficial for complex queries where context is key. It allows Google to interpret user intent more like a human would rather than relying solely on keyword matching. This shift is important for marketers and those involved in search engine optimization. With BERT, the focus moves away from keyword stuffing and towards creating content that naturally addresses user intent. Marketers should aim to produce clear context content that answers specific questions. This approach aligns with how people naturally speak or search, making it easier for users to find what they need. In practical terms, this means that if you want your content to rank well, you should prioritize quality over quantity. Think about the questions your audience is asking and provide thorough answers. By doing this, you can improve your visibility in search results and engage more meaningfully with your audience. In essence, Google introduced BERT to enhance its ability to understand language context and user intent. This update has significant implications for how marketers approach content creation in the digital acquisition landscape. By adapting to these changes, you can better connect with your audience and improve your search engine optimization efforts.

- Can Facebook Algorithms Identify and Suppress Low-Quality Content?: Kind: captions Language: en Can Facebook algorithms identify and suppress low-quality content? In recent discussions, many are asking if Facebook's algorithms can truly identify and suppress low-quality content. This question is particularly relevant as users seek to understand how their feeds are curated. Earlier this week, Facebook reaffirmed its commitment to improving user experience by tackling misinformation and spam. With so much content shared daily, how does the platform ensure quality? Facebook utilizes complex algorithms that analyze various signals to evaluate the quality of posts. These algorithms consider user engagement, originality, and even the presence of misleading information. The goal is to reduce the visibility of low-quality content such as clickbait and spam. The algorithms employ machine learning models trained on extensive data sets. This training helps them recognize patterns typical of lowquality posts. For instance, repetitive content or sensational headlines lacking substance can be identified and demoted in news feed rankings. This means that users are less likely to see these types of posts, which helps maintain a more trustworthy environment. Moreover, Facebook has integrated automated moderation tools that work alongside human reviewers. These tools can swiftly remove or limit the distribution of harmful content. This dual approach ensures that community standards are upheld while addressing inappropriate posts efficiently. However, challenges persist. The nature of content creation is dynamic, meaning new forms of low-quality posts can emerge. This requires Facebook to continually update and refine its algorithms. Striking a balance between suppressing harmful content and allowing legitimate expression is essential. From a business perspective, Facebook's ability to identify and suppress low-quality content is vital. Businesses depend on the platform to connect with real audiences. Reducing misleading posts helps maintain a trustworthy environment which is crucial for advertising and customer engagement. In summary, Facebook's algorithms are designed to identify and suppress many forms of lowquality content by analyzing engagement patterns and content characteristics. These systems play a key role in maintaining content quality. This directly impacts social media's role in business communications and marketing, making it a topic worth discussing.

- How to Trick YouTube into Growing Your Channel: Kind: captions Language: hi तुम algorithm को हरा नहीं सकते! But इसे trick करके channel grow कर सकते हो! मुझे याद है जब मैंने YouTube शुरू किया था, मैंने बहुत मेहनत की, but channel stuck था! भले ही सब सही कर रहा था, मुझे wonder हुआ, कुछ channels algorithm द्वारा pick होते हैं, कुछ नहीं सालों तक? मैंने किस्मत नहीं मानी! मैंने गहराई में देखा और कुछ tricks notice कीं जो छोटे creators कर रहे थे उनके channels के take off होने से पहले, but मैंने overlook कर दिया! इस वीडियो में, हम uncover करेंगे चार simple tricks जो channel की growth fast track कर सकते हैं। ये algorithm को content push करने के लिए मजबूर कर सकते हैं। और नहीं, मैं ये नहीं कहने वाला कि किसी और के video ideas या strategies चुरा लो। वो मदद कर सकता है! अगर सही तरीके से किया जाए। But मैं उन strategies की बात कर रहा हूँ जो सीधे impact करती हैं कि algorithm channel के साथ कैसे deal करता है! पहली चीज जो तुम करना चाहोगे वो है algorithm को signals देना कि channel किस बारे में है! जो simple लगता है, but तुम हैरान हो जाओगे कि कितने creators इसे सही तरीके से करने में fail हो जाते हैं। और हाँ! एक सही तरीका है। Imagine करो, तुम एक नया channel शुरू करते हो और पहला video launch करते हो। तुम excited बैठते हो, views का इंतजार करते हो, और फिर वो नहीं आते! क्यों? Well तुम यहाँ नए हो। Algorithm नहीं जानता कि तुम किस बारे में बात कर रहे हो, किसे video दिखाना है, या channel किस बारे में है। तो अगला क्या होता है 50% chance है कि तुम दूसरा video post करोगे और 50% chance है कि नहीं करोगे। चलो optimistic chance लेते हैं कि तुम एक और video post करते हो। फिर से, तुम वहाँ बैठते हो views का इंतजार करते हो। कुछ और views आते हैं, but जितना expect कर रहे थे उतना नहीं। तुम शायद devastated, disappointed हो। और तीसरा video बनाने की chances थोड़ी और गिर जाती हैं! और वो गिरती रहती हैं- हर frustrating कोशिश के साथ। अब तक ये इतना common हो गया है कि इसका अपना नाम है। The first valley of death! या जहाँ कई creator dreams मरने जाते हैं। तो, तुम कैसे fail होने से बच सकते हो इससे पहले कि शुरू भी करो? Well, तुम सच में इसे overcome कर सकते हो। और ये एक trick है जो बड़े YouTubers अपने clients को recommend करते हैं। ये कुछ ऐसा है! जब हम एक channel launch करते हैं, हम इसे पाँच videos के साथ launch करते हैं! ये हमारे लिए एक hard and fast rule है। ताकि लोग first week में एक significant watch time journey पर जाएं। ताकि YouTube को लगे, "Wow, ये एक great channel है!" जो लोगों को देखने के लिए मजबूर करेगा और वो सच में engaged होंगे। तो तुरंत, तुम channel को 0 से 100 पर jump start कर रहे हो बजाय 0 से जैसे 10%, 15%। फिर शायद मैं उस next video तक पहुँच जाऊँ। वो Matpat है! तुमने उसके बारे में सुना होगा, game theorists के mastermind और छोटे channels को grow करने में मदद करने वाला consultant। वो जानता है कि वो किस बारे में बात कर रहा है। और जो वो यहाँ समझा रहा है वो सबसे बड़ी mistakes में से एक है जो नए creators करते हैं। एक video के साथ launch करना, या और भी बुरा, एक खाली channel। उसका solution? पाँच videos के साथ launch करो। और इसका algorithm के साथ कम से कम दो फायदे हैं! पहले, एक साथ पाँच videos upload करना audience को दिखाता है कि तुम channel के बारे में serious हो। ये demonstrate करता है कि तुम्हारे पास एक clear value proposition है और content की variety है। ये trust build करने में मदद कर सकता है और viewers को subscribe करने के लिए encourage कर सकता है, क्योंकि अब वो देख सकते हैं कि तुम value provide करने के लिए committed हो। दूसरा, और यहाँ algorithm आता है, जब तुम्हारे पास multiple videos होते हैं, viewers content binge watch करने की ज्यादा संभावना रखते हैं! अब तुम उन्हें एक video से दूसरे video तक ले जा सकते हो, जो तुम नहीं कर पाते अगर तुमने सिर्फ एक video के साथ launch किया होता। बस ऐसा करके, तुमने successfully और significantly watch time boost कर लिया है, जो algorithm को बताता है, hey, ये channel engaging है और लोगों को देखने के लिए मजबूर करता है। जो obviously YouTube सुनना पसंद करता है और और चाहता है। But ये launching strategy matter नहीं करेगी! बिना mastering अगले trick के। पाँच videos post करने की strategy बनाना बस शुरुआत है, क्योंकि तुम्हें ये सुनिश्चित करना होगा कि video topic potential रखता है। Video topic का मतलब हो सकता है 100,000 views और 100 views के बीच का फर्क। अच्छी खबर ये है एक तरीका है जिससे तुम सुनिश्चित कर सकते हो कि तुमने एक अच्छा topic चुना है! अब, कुछ tools हैं जो तुम्हारी मदद कर सकते हैं YouTube channel के लिए एक great high view count topic के साथ आने में। और सबसे अच्छी बात ये है वो पूरी तरह से free हैं! तो तुम इन topics को कैसे ढूंढते हो? Easy! चलो एक tool से शुरू करते हैं जिसके बारे में हर कोई जानता है! Google Trends. Google Trends इस समय क्या popular है इसका general sense पाने के लिए great है! तुम देख सकते हो कि लोग क्या search कर रहे हैं और broad trends identify कर सकते हो। उदाहरण के लिए, अगर तुम search करते हो true crime, तो तुम देख सकते हो कि ये consistently popular topic है जिसमें interest के various spikes हैं! ये एक general idea देता है कि true crime content की demand है। specifics पर hone करने और video's potential maximize करने के लिए, तुम्हें कुछ powerful चाहिए। यहाँ VidiIQ आता है! चलो tool पर jump करते हैं और देखते हैं ये कैसे काम करता है। Keyword inspector तुम्हें Vidiq score देता है, जो search volume और competition को मिलाकर topic की potential success दिखाता है! मान लो True Crime! इसका high search volume है लेकिन high competition भी है! तो हमें गहराई में जाना होगा। अपनी search refine करो। बेहतर potential वाले related keywords ढूंढो, जैसे True crime documentaries या True Crime Stories। इन variations के लिए VIDIQ scores check करो। True Crime Stories का moderate competition है लेकिन अच्छा search volume है। नई opportunities discover करो! Related keywords से specific niches explore करो। तुम आ सकते हो True Crime Mysteries Unsolved पर, जिसका high Vid IQ score है ये trending topic है जिसमें कम competition है। तुमने न केवल popular trend identify किया है, बल्कि refine करके specific angle ढूंढा है जो तुम्हें success का best chance देता है! ये तुम्हारा समय बचाता है और ensures कि तुम्हारा content larger audience द्वारा discover और देखा जाएगा। और सबसे अच्छी बात, तुमने guesswork को data-driven strategy में बदल दिया है। और proof देखो। बस type करो True Crime Stories Unsolved YouTube पर और views check करो। वो millions में हैं, indicating कि ये topic है जिस पर लोग click करते हैं! लेकिन click कराना बस शुरुआत है। Hard part उन्हें अंत तक देखने के लिए मजबूर करना है! ये एक straightforward formula है। जितना लंबा तुम उनका attention hold कर सकते हो, उतना higher watch time। ये YouTube algorithm को तुम्हारे channel को बढ़ती audience के सामने लाने के लिए prompt करता है। और यही कारण है कि तुम्हें इस simple trick का उपयोग करना चाहिए जितना तुम सोचते हो उससे way more! तुम्हारी retention explode करने के लिए। अगर तुमने Dodford के videos में से एक देखा है, तो तुम पाओगे कि वो एक storytelling genius है। उसकी storytelling seamless है, captivating है, और ये तुम्हें अंत तक बनाए रखती है। मैंने गहराई में जाकर देखा कि वो क्या कर रहा है और पाया उसका एक Twitter thread जहाँ वो reveal करता है एक secret scriptwriting hack। इसे कहते हैं the three act structure और वो इसके बारे में बार-बार hint करता है। तो तुम इसे अपने watch time को बढ़ाने के लिए कैसे use कर सकते हो? उस framework को follow करो। सिर्फ एक बार नहीं, बल्कि हर नए segment के साथ। एक hook add करने पर विचार करो जो curiosity को pique करे, एक story या example जो तुम्हारा point समझाए और केवल lesson दो अंत में! और सबसे महत्वपूर्ण बात ये है बस इसे बार-बार करते रहो पूरे script में ताकि तुम interest को catch कर सको ठीक उस समय से पहले जब viewer इसे lose करने का chance पाता है! उदाहरण के लिए, मान लो तुम एक video बना रहे हो the best way to cook steak पर। क्या तुमने कभी सोचा है कि तुम्हारा steak restaurant जैसा क्यों नहीं taste करता? फिर problem को confront करो। ज्यादातर लोग ये common mistakes करते हैं! Vivid descriptions का उपयोग करो और personal stories और अंत में, इसे resolve करो! Here's the foolproof method used by top chefs! इस structure का उपयोग करके, तुम न केवल viewers को engaged रखते हो, बल्कि तुम अपने content को और अधिक memorable और impactful बनाते हो! मैं इस next trick को कहता हूँ the lazy way to grow your YouTube channel really, really fast! और मुझे ये पसंद है क्योंकि तुम basically बस algorithm को तुम्हारे लिए काम करने देते हो। याद है जब हमने cover किया था कि algorithm का aim best content को surface करना है जो audience को gratify करता है? जब तुम एक video upload करते हो जो blow up हो जाता है या tremendous success देखता है! तो ये एक clear indication है कि यही वो है जो तुम्हारे viewers और subscribers देखना चाहते हैं। तो तुम्हें बस उसे note करना है और उस पर hammer करना है! जो pro creators करते हैं, और तुम्हें भी करना चाहिए, वो है कुछ Jenny Hoyos calls creating buckets! एक बार जब तुम एक format ढूंढ लेते हो जो काम करता है, उसे recreate करो बार-बार! और ये सुनिश्चित करेगा कि ये शायद हर बार काम करेगा! इस तरह, तुम्हारा channel explode हो जाएगा। Mr. Whose the Boss ये कर रहा है अपने I bought the Most Blank tech series के साथ और Ryan Trahan ये कर रहा है I tried one star series के साथ। यहाँ तक कि Mr. Beast भी ये कर रहा है! Wow! देखो millions of views! तुम भी ये आसानी से कर सकते हो! एक बार जब तुम एक specific video style या format pinpoint कर लेते हो जो तुम्हारे लिए काम करता है और तुम उसे park से बाहर knock कर देते हो। बस इसे करते रहो! उस bucket के अंदर videos churn करते रहो! तुम्हें सावधान रहना होगा though। क्योंकि किसी अच्छी चीज की बहुतायत हो सकती है एक बुरी चीज। Here's Mr. Beast का thought on that. हर साल हमारे पास formats होते हैं जो सच में अच्छा करते हैं। अगर मैं उन formats को करता रहता जो 2020 में crush कर रहे थे। मैं अब जहाँ हूँ वहाँ नहीं होता। Eventually वो fizzle out हो जाते। मैं एक बड़ा believer हूँ like, एक format को end करने में जबकि, तुम जानते हो, ये बहुत पुराना नहीं है? मेरे पास बहुत सारे viral great, like ideas हैं जिन्हें मैं life में लाना चाहता हूँ। बस like इतने सारे videos हैं जिन्हें मैं film करना चाहता हूँ और like इतने सारे different ideas हैं जो कोई और नहीं कर रहा है जिन्हें मैं table पर लाना चाहता हूँ कि ये like मैं उनमें से 15 नहीं करना चाहता! क्योंकि like वो दूसरे आठ जो मैं करता, मैं कुछ और original और creative कर सकता था। तो हाँ, definitely उस winning format को milk करो, But तुम उस पर overly reliant नहीं होना चाहते। Keep experimenting क्योंकि ये तुम्हें consistently तुम्हारे viewers के interests में tap करने की अनुमति देगा, जबकि कुछ अन्य concepts explore करने का मौका देगा जो शायद एक नई audience को unlock कर दे! नई audiences की बात करते हुए। क्या तुम जानते हो कि एक तरीका है जिससे तुम 1000 subs super fast gain कर सकते हो? No? --- Really? Well, है! इस video को check करो ये देखने के लिए कि मैं किस बारे में बात कर रहा हूँ।

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheCraftyWeb-28 [2 likes]: Can anyone subscribe?
  2. @Pr3ttynProductive [2 likes]: Um hey. I'm down here YouTube could you send some subscribers my way? 😅
  3. @borahaemy7 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for a fan content
  4. @RedPandaj9 [1 likes]: I got one subscriber 8 likes🥳🥳🥳🥳
  5. @waltermaroon [1 likes]: 1:12 Actually mine did on emptyfunk (2.47k subs btw)
  6. @Sharif-n94 [1 likes]: I might hit 100k views
  7. @JeemyZaman [1 likes]: I just started. I don’t know any anything about this.
  8. @The_hungry_cat: I got 1.5k views on my first short, 1.3k views on the 2nd one, 2.5k views on the 3rd one
  9. @archiedoesstufff: you tell me what the video is about (or its title), I’ll give you a perfect short comment for it 👍
  10. @MILKISH_thecreator: Am grateful 😊😊😊
  11. @Thenonbodyguy: Yooo i just got 400 views in 60 minutes on my newest short
  12. @NEXTLEVELMINDSET-c5e: Thanks bro
  13. @mlbautista8779: Who’s watching this in 2026
  14. @Undeadvr_Gtag: I have 7 videos and i already have 38 subs
  15. @C3rtifiedLuk: Yoo! Just posted my first video anyone wanna see?
  16. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I just film different videos on different roblox games.
  17. @Urbrothunderproatroblox2014: I have like 14 videos, now I just uploaded a new one!
  18. @ANIMEFANS-d2j: i don't get any new matter what i do, will try this too🥹
  19. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: " Sometimes people realize your value too late, some changes are painful but necessary  and not everybody understand your worthy at the right time🙏🫶"
  20. @JWolf_2009: I hope so

- 5 Signs YouTube Is About to Push Your Channel (Don't Stop Now): Kind: captions Language: en So many creators quit one or two videos before&nbsp; YouTube would have pushed them. Not because&nbsp;&nbsp; they're failing, because they're staring at the&nbsp; wrong numbers. You're looking at your subscriber&nbsp;&nbsp; count. It's barely moving. Your last video got&nbsp; 400 views if you're lucky. And you think nothing's&nbsp;&nbsp; happening. But YouTube's already giving you five&nbsp; signals that everything is about to change. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; the problem is that most creators stare at that&nbsp; subscriber count number or the view count on an&nbsp;&nbsp; individual video and look at those two things&nbsp; like their proof points on whether or not they&nbsp;&nbsp; have a good channel or not. But YouTube doesn't&nbsp; even use those numbers to decide who it pushes.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube tells you it's about to push you to. And&nbsp; they're not subtle about it. But most creators&nbsp;&nbsp; miss those signals completely. Now, I've been on&nbsp; YouTube for 15 years now, and I've built multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; sevenfigure businesses using this platform to&nbsp; scale those businesses. And I've also worked with&nbsp;&nbsp; channels that have generated nearly 200 million&nbsp; views as a coach and a consultant. Now, this&nbsp;&nbsp; channel that you're watching has 33 videos as of&nbsp; me shooting this video, over 25,000 subscribers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're closing in on a million views in just&nbsp; the past few months alone. So, every single time&nbsp;&nbsp; momentum is hit. My channels, my clients channels,&nbsp; the big brands that I've worked with, these five&nbsp;&nbsp; signs show up first. So, sign number one is that&nbsp; your views get boring. And that's exactly what we&nbsp;&nbsp; want to happen. See, most creators think that&nbsp; growth should look like this. Uh 500 views,&nbsp;&nbsp; 1,200 views, 300 views, 6,000 views, up and&nbsp; down, chaotic, unpredictable. And that's not&nbsp;&nbsp; building momentum. That is randomness. See, when&nbsp; YouTube is about to push you and your channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; growth looks pretty boring. Typically, maybe&nbsp; 400 views, 450 views, 500, 550, 600. Steady,&nbsp;&nbsp; predictable, and it's all averaging upward.&nbsp; And most creators panic when they see this,&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz it doesn't feel exciting. But here's what&nbsp; they're missing. YouTube doesn't reward random&nbsp;&nbsp; spikes. It rewards consistency. Guys, think&nbsp; about getting in shape. One salad doesn't make&nbsp;&nbsp; you skinny. One double cheeseburger doesn't make&nbsp; you fat. It's what we do day in and day out that&nbsp;&nbsp; compounds and it's either going to be in our favor&nbsp; or against us. Okay? So, when your weekly and&nbsp;&nbsp; monthly averages trend upwards, even a little bit,&nbsp; like 5 or 10%, that's a signal YouTube is finding&nbsp;&nbsp; more people who resonate with your content and&nbsp; expanding your reach systematically. Most creators&nbsp;&nbsp; miss this because they're too busy celebrating&nbsp; those spikes or feeling super depressed because&nbsp;&nbsp; of the dips. And I get it. I've been there.&nbsp; The creators who break through, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're the ones zooming out and asking, "Did&nbsp; this month hit higher numbers than last month?&nbsp;&nbsp; Are these impressions climbing? Is my retention&nbsp; getting a little bit better? If yes, even a slight&nbsp;&nbsp; yes, then they're already in momentum. You just&nbsp; you just don't see it because you're expecting&nbsp;&nbsp; this exponential growth overnight and real growth&nbsp; compounds slowly. That's something you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; understand. Then it happens all at once. It's hard&nbsp; to understand, but most creators quit right before&nbsp;&nbsp; the all at once ever happens. This has happened to&nbsp; me multiple times. Clients that I've worked with,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's slow and steady, and then boom, your channel&nbsp; takes off. All right, so sign number two is that&nbsp;&nbsp; new viewers act like they already know you. When&nbsp; somebody discovers your channel for the very first&nbsp;&nbsp; time with fresh eyes, they usually watch one video&nbsp; or a portion of that video and then they bounce.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's totally normal. But when you're about&nbsp; to break through, something different happens&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is awesome. New viewers come in cold and&nbsp; immediately watch two, three of your videos in a&nbsp;&nbsp; row. They click your channel page, they subscribe,&nbsp; they leave comments like, "I can't believe I just&nbsp;&nbsp; found this channel." Or, "Uh, this is my first&nbsp; video and I'm already hooked." things like that.&nbsp;&nbsp; They bypass that casual viewer stage completely.&nbsp; And I need you guys to understand there's only&nbsp;&nbsp; three types of audience members. Casual, cold,&nbsp; and new. New, they don't know who you are. Casual&nbsp;&nbsp; comes and goes. They might not engage. They might&nbsp; not be subscribed. And then the core followers.&nbsp;&nbsp; A lot of you guys have become my core uh viewers,&nbsp; and I really genuinely appreciate you. Side note,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're new or casual, welcome as well. But&nbsp; those signals tell YouTube that your content&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't just good enough to click. It's good&nbsp; enough to keep people on the platform longer&nbsp;&nbsp; than average. Now, YouTube's entire mission&nbsp; is to keep people watching, that's how they&nbsp;&nbsp; make their money. So, if you turn a first-time&nbsp; viewer into a binge watcher, like right away,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube's seeing you as a retention machine. And I&nbsp; got a little secret for you. Come close. Retention&nbsp;&nbsp; machines are the channels that get their content&nbsp; pushed everywhere. And if you haven't guessed yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; my goal is to turn you into a retention machine.&nbsp; Because when you're getting comments from people&nbsp;&nbsp; who just discovered your content and they're&nbsp; acting like they've been fans of yours for months,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is not random. That's a pattern that YouTube,&nbsp; they're scaling. They're honing in on your ideal&nbsp;&nbsp; viewer, which is exciting. And before you guys go&nbsp; and blow up my comment section, I understand what&nbsp;&nbsp; some of you guys are thinking right now. Adam, I&nbsp; don't make YouTube videos to be a robot or obsess&nbsp;&nbsp; over retention. I should be able to make whatever&nbsp; I want and have YouTube show it to my people. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I get it. But keep in mind that if you actually&nbsp; care about the people watching your content. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is a crazy concept. Then it should be important&nbsp; to you to focus on making videos that those people&nbsp;&nbsp; actually want to watch the whole thing, right?&nbsp; And look, it's not that you're changing who you&nbsp;&nbsp; are to feed the machine. It's about evolving as&nbsp; a creator to make sure that you're giving your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience a great experience because after all, who&nbsp; wants to spend time making these videos where 90%&nbsp;&nbsp; of the viewers leave after 45 seconds? All right.&nbsp; So, sign number three is that your traffic sources&nbsp;&nbsp; start getting kind of weird. When YouTube trusts&nbsp; your content, it stops playing it safe. It doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; show your videos to people who've already watched&nbsp; you. It starts experimenting. And here's what that&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like. Your traffic from browse features&nbsp; that starts to increase. That's the homepage&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendations. Now, your suggested videos&nbsp; traffic starts coming from channels that you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; even recognize. Maybe you're a fitness creator&nbsp; and your videos get suggested after, let's say,&nbsp;&nbsp; um, a productivity video. your impressions are&nbsp; going to skyrocket obviously even if the views&nbsp;&nbsp; don't come uh immediately after that and that&nbsp; alone freaks out most people because some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; people the new people aren't going to click your&nbsp; video obviously some are going to click and then&nbsp;&nbsp; leave after 10 seconds most people see this as&nbsp; excuse me an audience mismatch YouTube's failing&nbsp;&nbsp; them their content is failing and that's all&nbsp; wrong YouTube's just doing its job it's testing&nbsp;&nbsp; your video with different audience clusters to see&nbsp; which one it resonates with the most all YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; is looking for is behavioral overlap people who&nbsp; watch similar content, they search similar topics,&nbsp;&nbsp; they engage in similar ways, and when it finds&nbsp; that new cluster that responds to your videos like&nbsp;&nbsp; your core audience does, you're going to get high&nbsp; click-through rates, strong retention, engagement.&nbsp;&nbsp; The reach is going to explode. You'll also notice&nbsp; um geographic uh spread or expansion. If you're&nbsp;&nbsp; used to getting US-based views, then suddenly&nbsp; you're going to gain traction in the UK, Canada,&nbsp;&nbsp; Australia, and so on. Now, most people see this&nbsp; and think that something's broken, but it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; broken. It's learning. And once it learns where&nbsp; you belong, the floodgates open. And by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm doing a free live master class just in the&nbsp; next few days where I'm breaking down the complete&nbsp;&nbsp; system behind everything I teach on this channel,&nbsp; how I've built my businesses, and what I do for&nbsp;&nbsp; clients as well. So, if you'd like for me to&nbsp; answer your questions directly, there's a limited&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of seats, and I'd love to have you there.&nbsp; I'll put the link in the description box below,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I hope you come. Now, here's where it gets&nbsp; really interesting because one video can change&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire trajectory of an entire channel. That&nbsp; leads me to sign number four is that one video&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't just succeed, it drags everything else&nbsp; up with it. This is a momentum cascade of sorts.&nbsp;&nbsp; You publish a video that performs way better&nbsp; than your average video. Maybe it hits 20,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views when it usually just hits like a,000 views.&nbsp; And I'm saying that from personal experience. My&nbsp;&nbsp; sixth video on this channel did 20,000 views when&nbsp; everything else was at like three or 400. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; something exceptional happens. The older video,&nbsp; they start climbing, right? Those videos that had&nbsp;&nbsp; 300 views are now 400, 500, a,000. Videos sitting&nbsp; at 500 views magically seem to jump to 3,000. And&nbsp;&nbsp; your whole channel gets this lift. I call that a&nbsp; home run video. But why does that happen? Because&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube doesn't promote one video in isolation.&nbsp; When it sees a video performing very well, it&nbsp;&nbsp; looks at your entire catalog and asks, "What else&nbsp; does this creator have that these viewers might&nbsp;&nbsp; like?" And if your content is interconnected, as&nbsp; I'm teaching here on this channel, same topic,&nbsp;&nbsp; same audience, same value, YouTube starts&nbsp; suggesting those other videos to those viewers.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that's why having the whole entire ecosystem&nbsp; put together is so important because the video&nbsp;&nbsp; that you point to in the end screen, that gets&nbsp; a massive uptick. Related videos in the sidebar&nbsp;&nbsp; start appearing more. Your channel page gets&nbsp; way more clicks. See, nothing attracts a crowd&nbsp;&nbsp; like a crowd. And once you get into momentum, it&nbsp; snowballs. But, and this is critical, you cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; take your foot off the gas. I'm going to say that&nbsp; again. Do not take your foot off the gas when&nbsp;&nbsp; this happens. So many creators hit one big video&nbsp; and they get lazy. They stop focusing on quality&nbsp;&nbsp; and they think they just, you know, figured it&nbsp; out. YouTube likes them now. And in the blink&nbsp;&nbsp; of an eye, they're back to where they started or&nbsp; worse. Momentum isn't random. It's earned and it&nbsp;&nbsp; has to be maintained through consistency. All&nbsp; right. So sign number five is that the number&nbsp;&nbsp; that always stops you doesn't anymore. So what do&nbsp; I mean by that? Well, every creator has a ceiling.&nbsp;&nbsp; You've experienced it. I've experienced it. And&nbsp; at different levels, maybe your videos always cap&nbsp;&nbsp; around 800 views or 2,000 or maybe 10,000. And&nbsp; when you hit that number, it seems like every&nbsp;&nbsp; single video just magically stops every single&nbsp; time. But when YouTube is about to push you, that&nbsp;&nbsp; ceiling starts to shatter. It starts to expand. It&nbsp; starts to elevate. One video could break through&nbsp;&nbsp; to 3,000 and then another one 4500. then you're&nbsp; consistently above average. That's not luck.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's YouTube expanding your reach systematically&nbsp; because it's found more clusters of people who&nbsp;&nbsp; want your content. And here's the beautiful part,&nbsp; guys. Once you break through that one ceiling, the&nbsp;&nbsp; next one comes faster. The next one hits faster. I&nbsp; think it was Dave Portoy, love them or hate them,&nbsp;&nbsp; said, "It's really hard to make a million dollars,&nbsp; but once you make a million dollars, it's super&nbsp;&nbsp; easy to hit $5 million." Again, love them or hate&nbsp; them, I think the quote directly relates to what&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm talking about here. Once you hit that ceiling&nbsp; and you break through it and you're earning that&nbsp;&nbsp; trust and you're gaining momentum, it seems like&nbsp; the views start coming in faster and faster.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've shared my story a million times, but my main&nbsp; channel took eight years to hit 50,000 subscribers&nbsp;&nbsp; and then 18 months to surpass 200,000 and now&nbsp; it's up to more than 300,000. I have a link to my&nbsp;&nbsp; uh main channel in the description box. There's&nbsp; a lot of people that are like, "You don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; another channel. Takes two seconds to uh YouTube&nbsp; search my name." So anyway, I'll have that there.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let's talk about this channel. Less than a year&nbsp; old and now it has more than 25,000 subscribers&nbsp;&nbsp; with only 33 videos. 100% organic, too. I want to&nbsp; put that out there. I have never spent a dollar on&nbsp;&nbsp; paid promotion or ads to grow any of my channels.&nbsp; The organic growth works when you understand how&nbsp;&nbsp; organic growth works. And that's what we're&nbsp; here for on this channel. So, I'm honored&nbsp;&nbsp; to have you. Now, the timeline is different for&nbsp; everybody. Obviously, it depends on your niche,&nbsp;&nbsp; your consistency, how dialed in you are. It's&nbsp; like starting at the gym, right? If you've&nbsp;&nbsp; never worked out a day in your life, progress&nbsp; might feel slow. You might be really sore the&nbsp;&nbsp; next day. But if you've been active, you're into&nbsp; hiking or you know, you're just an active person,&nbsp;&nbsp; your body might adapt a lot faster. The same goes&nbsp; for YouTube. The more you understand the platform,&nbsp;&nbsp; the faster you could scale. But here's the&nbsp; constant. YouTube is a longplay platform. The&nbsp;&nbsp; content that you make today could serve you for&nbsp; years. I have videos from 2018 that still bring&nbsp;&nbsp; in subscribers today to my main channel. You need&nbsp; to be patient enough to see it through. You need&nbsp;&nbsp; to be allin. You can't live for the dopamine&nbsp; daytoday like you do on Instagram or Tik Tok.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube is a long play. And if you treat YouTube&nbsp; like a sport, you'll get paid like an athlete. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's what you do when you spot these signals.&nbsp; First and foremost, don't change what's working.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most creators see early momentum and then they&nbsp; immediately pivot or they overcomplicate things.&nbsp;&nbsp; If your averages are trending upward, keep doing&nbsp; exactly what you're doing. Just be patient. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; second, you need to double down on consistency.&nbsp; Momentum dies the second that you stop feeding it.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're posting weekly, keep posting weekly.&nbsp; If you found a content format that's working,&nbsp;&nbsp; make more of it. Now, third, I want you to&nbsp; track patterns, not individual videos. Stop&nbsp;&nbsp; obsessing over whether today's video is&nbsp; going to hit 100,000 views, a,000 views,&nbsp;&nbsp; or 80 views. Look at your 20-day average or&nbsp; 28 day average and compare it to the previous&nbsp;&nbsp; 28 days. That's the only numbers that really&nbsp; matter here. All right. So, fourth, and this&nbsp;&nbsp; might be the most important one, recognize that&nbsp; you're not waiting for permission from YouTube.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're already getting it. These five signals&nbsp; are YouTube telling you that it's working. The&nbsp;&nbsp; question is whether or not you trust the process&nbsp; long enough to let that compound. I want you guys&nbsp;&nbsp; to count how many of these signs you're seeing&nbsp; right now. One, you're building. Two or three,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're close. Four or five, you're already in&nbsp; momentum and you just don't realize it yet. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're ready to go all in on YouTube&nbsp; and take your channel to the next level,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd love for you to come hang out with me at my&nbsp; free training. I'll have a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; box below. And if you haven't yet, watch this&nbsp; video. It's going to help you get into momentum&nbsp;&nbsp; much faster. If you haven't yet, click that little&nbsp; subscribe button to join the channel family here.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me know how many of these signals you see.&nbsp; And until next time, I appreciate you watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAdamIvy [283 likes]: Be honest…which one of these signs are you seeing right now, or are you stuck at zero? I read every reply and I’m curious where you think you are in the process.
  2. @MixMuseASMR: Really nice video!
  3. @jndbooks1023: Good luck to all the other small creators!

I started a little over a month ago really trying and uploading and so far I’m at almost 40 subs with 26k views overall, gaming channel that plays games with great stories… so keep pushing yall! We can all make it!
  4. @NotSoNakedInTheWoods: My channel is 4 weeks old. I’m getting 1000 views on each video, 50 subs and I’m finally getting likes and comments. My stayed to watch yesterday got to 59.7%, and I’ve improved to 90% watch through… i just keep stalling at 1000… on your point 3, my videos are being dubbed into 9 languages, and i matched with Family Guy yesterday but I’m an advocacy and global community channel.
  5. @wealthentertainment21: I really like this channel
  6. @HiddenChristianity-HC: Hello! How about; when you start getting loads of views on your first 2 videos then everything else is kinda really slow, it’s almost like I’m going backwards? I’m new so I understand it takes time but im just wondering what this could indicate?
  7. @alldayhavocGG: Adam. You look familiar. Red and Yellow song right?
  8. @ElishasBlueprint: I can watch your videos whole day long without getting tired.
  9. @Daniscooking01: I’m a retention machine
  10. @cliphustleph: I just started and low views just posted 64th video today and low views doesn't stress me at all. 20 years of bodybuilding didnt stress me at all, I am the fittest in my life best shapes in my life i consider growing this channel like that as well. I love consistent repeating boring stuff just like bodybuilding. When i got earnings ill come here to this comment. :) (I can do this posting all year) i wish i did started this 5-6 years ago. Am I late? I just subscribe btw
  11. @DnessProduction: Mate! You have inspired me to keep going 🤝 thanks
  12. @transcendwithtoby: Good video. Thanks
  13. @transcendwithtoby: Am I late?
  14. @adaro_solutions: Awesome job🎉
  15. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days none stop I just love to create stuff so even if I don’t get subscribers I’ll still create
  16. @ManifestMoneySongs: Thanks:face-blue-smiling:
  17. @Gamingwarriorq-h9s: i am a gamer youtuber i have 11 subscribers how do i make grow any advice
  18. @EpicRiseChronicle: Good luck to all the small channels out there! WE GOT THIS 💪🏼💯
  19. @guyhigginbotham1449: Your knowledge of YouTube is awesome and you do great explaining things very impressive and professional atmosphere
  20. @ZackIsLost1: Jus saw this and im learning quick...

- YouTube's Algorithm Update Just Changed The AI Rules For Faceless Channels in 2026…!?: Kind: captions Language: en Now, a lot of people are confused as to why YouTube is hitting a bunch of channels with inauthentic content. They think YouTube is stealing. And when I was seeing this happen, I was like, logically that doesn't make any sense. As a business, YouTube is getting a ton of views. It doesn't matter what it is. If it's AI stories and it's getting a lot of views and it's making the company money and there's advertisers happy, what's the big deal? Why would they purposely promote AI features and tools while demonetizing channels that are using AI and bringing a lot of money to the company? Well, I have the answer. It's not that they're stealing, it's that they have to. If you don't know who I am, my name is Romero. I've been running Faceless YouTube channels since 2018. Since then, I've generated hundreds of millions of views and I've made over $2 million in just YouTube ad revenue. I also own one of the biggest school communities in the world where I teach people how to start faceless YouTube channels using completely safe strategies. Keep in mind, AI is very new. Everything that we see every single day, Claude is dropping crazy updates. YouTube was dropping crazy features. Tik Tok was dropping crazy features and Instagram was. But you know what they didn't do? Nobody dropped a feature to police AI, aka an anti-AI detector. That is until Article 50 of the EU AI bill becomes legally enforcable. And what this bill is and why it affects YouTube, Instagram, and Tik Tok is that by August 2nd, they need to prove that they have a working system that can detect AI generated content. But here's the other thing. It has to be at scale. And if on August 2nd they fail to prove that they have an AI system that can detect and mark and label AI generated content, they get fined like a ton of money. And these fines can go from $15 million up to 3% of their global annual revenue, which is if you're Google, 3% is going to be billions of dollars. So the AI race right now is not who can drop the coolest feature. It's who can drop the best AI labeler and detector in the market. Now, the bill doesn't mention you have to demonetize 100,000 YouTube channels, but I'm sure that they probably have a number in mind. So, what's this AI detector that YouTube is using? Well, I mentioned it a few months ago in one of my YouTube videos. It's called Synth ID. And what Synth ID is is a watermark. A watermark that is so small that it's invisible to the human eye. It's in the pixels. But this watermark also appears in audio via sound waves that we can't hear. They're on some alien Okay? They have alien technology. But Google it. Google all the things that Synth ID can do. It can even analyze scripts or watermark scripts. Anyways, did you guys know that on August 5th, three different divisions from YouTube combined into one? They haven't done that in the last 10 years. They put three different teams, three different divisions in one single building. They sit next to each other. They see each other going up the elevators. Do you know who it was? Let me introduce to you Joanna Vulich. Joanna Vulich is the new VP of viewer products at YouTube. She was actually promoted to this position on November 5th and she is the one that inherited all of these divisions. They all came to her. They all report to her. But here's the crazy part. Here's the convenient part. What a coincidence that the trust and safety search and discovery and the division that handles the algorithm and the recommendation system itself were moved into her building on November 5th. The lady who just got promoted. Now, let me introduce Matt Halprin. Matt Halprin is the VP of trust and safety at YouTube. He works under Vich now. He reports to her. Now, Matt is interesting because he didn't come out of nowhere. So, before YouTube, Matt Halprin worked at Yelp and eBay. And it seems like the only reason he gets hired is because in every single company he's worked, he's built an automated reviewer system. This is a system that terminates channels based on circumvention. you know, if if you try to evade, he tracks your IP, the human reviewers, the human appeals. That whole system was created by this guy, and he did it before with eBay and Yelp. So, why does this guy report to the lady that is in charge of products? AI kids, AI premium subscriptions. I'm assuming she'd be in charge of revenue. Completely different than trust and safety. Hm. Let me introduce to you the third person. So, Crystal's Good Row. Goodrow is the VP of engineering at YouTube, right? and he's been he's been running YouTube's recommendation system since 2011. He also co-authored it. This guy's the goat. Interestingly enough, you know, considering what he's accomplished, he also reports to Joanna. So, my theory is that instead of building a new system that labels and detects AI software with synth ID, they just changed the recommendation system. So, the same tool that decides if they're going to recommend your video also decides if you get hit with inauthentic content or even terminated, which sounds crazy, but how convenient. What what a coincidence that exactly the teams and divisions at YouTube that can do something like this are all in the same building now as of November 5th of 2025, not that long ago. And the reason there's so many false positives, right, so many channels actually getting hit when they don't deserve it is because they changed a big factor of the algorithm, right? And it's not fine-tuned yet. So all of those high-quality channels that are getting hit to YouTube, it's just a necessary evil. It's collateral. Now, here's the biggest thing, though. Here's what happens after. By August 2nd, YouTube is going to demonetize enough channels to show and prove that they can uh that the Synth ID at scale can wipe out niches, can wipe out channels, and they're going to get the approval on August 2nd. They're going to pass the test. Well, at that point, Synth ID is going to become, I don't know if this is the correct phrase, but legally binding. It's going to become the first the quote unquote correct way. Meaning that from here, YouTube can demonetize channels that create AI generated content but don't use Google products because again synth ID is only going to be for Google products like Gemini, Nano Banana, etc. So since 11 Labs, for example, that doesn't have synth ID, it's not a Google product, they're going to run them out of business because they can't monetize on YouTube anymore. Google is going to drop their own version of 11 Labs or even better version than they have now. And if you want to use AI generated voices and you're not using a Google product that is backed up and that has a synth ID watermark, you're going to be cooked because again legally they have permission to do it now. Now, I don't think that's what they've done yet. I don't think 100% that's what they're going to do, but they can. They can if they wanted to. Here's something interesting though. Synth ID, they're going to be selling it. For example, let's say Tik Tok doesn't pass or their AI detector isn't as good. They can go to Google like you can literally Google synth ID right now and you could sign up for it. Your company can sign up for it. You could start using it. You can be part of the Google product team. So Google can sell synth ID to Meta, start using it on Facebook. Imagine how much money they're going to make there. All of the new companies that are coming in the future. If they want to make media with AI, they're going to have to have synth ID or something similar that another company drops that passed the AI50 bill. which makes you think, you know, how everybody was talking about AI slop. I feel like that was propaganda. It was propaganda. So, the termination waves that are coming in the future and that are happening right now are pushed under the rug because, you know, everyone's asking YouTube, "Why are you doing this? Why are you demonetizing highquality content?" They can shrug it off and be like, "Sorry, we're trying to get rid of AI slop." And from there, how do you argue with that? Now, nobody really gives a if a video is made with AI, right? AI slop is just a term that was dropped by theater kids and just weirdos. But a huge chunk of content that's created on YouTube is made with AI. It doesn't matter. It's high-quality content. It's accurate. It's what we're looking for. What's the big deal? And I know that the majority of people don't care. They don't even know what's going on. They don't know about YouTube automation. They don't know about Faceless Content. They don't know what 11 Labs is. They don't care. They just watch YouTube. That's the content that's on there. But with a mixture ofing idiots andies and the propaganda that may have been pushed, right, it made the perfect shield for them. And this is not going to stop anytime soon. And they're doing this in in batches, in niches, right? Uh last year it was politics. They did a little bit of celebrity news. They did the uh health niche. They did the religion niche. They also hit the AI avatars. Right now they're hitting 2D animation styles. Last month they hit AI stories. Next, who knows what they're going to hit. They're going in batches though, the easiest ones to detect. All of these animation channels are getting hit. They're probably not using they're not using a Google product with synth ID. And if they are, they're not labeling their description or their video as altered content. From my research, the biggest wave is going to happen in June and July, right before August 2nd. What niches are they going to hit next? I don't really know, but you know, we'll see what happens. But again, this could have all been a coincidence. you know, YouTube decided to reorganize their structure after 10 years and put, you know, coincidentally put those people in the same building. I don't know, though.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Romayroh [19 likes]: Check Out My Skool Community By Clicking Here: https://www.skool.com/views-for-income/about
  2. @doublerosesplaysims [1 likes]: Thank you so much for explaining it to us. We got demonetized 😢❤
  3. @NadimHayderx [1 likes]: sorry what? i cannot monitize eleven lab voice over now?
  4. @Eerie.EchoesAI: So what you're saying is that Google/Youtube is exploiting this european bill to enforce its monopoly to all creators who want to use AI tools for their videos, with the penalty of becoming completely invisible on the platform if they don’t comply.
  5. @NewFarmHistory: You say people don's care...I do! I want to know if AI is involved. Talking heads that are AI generated, e.g. David Attenborough or Barack Obama...I want to know.
  6. @rudyalmaraz9498: What about an ai image thats 9 seconds in a youtube short should I be worried
  7. @OrtizDeblaq: I would have loved to join your community but unfortunately I can't 😢
  8. @GraniteDiscipline: Oh no
  9. @MoonlightMelodiesYTC: Ai is literally in everything digital rn. If you don’t want it you might as well just unplug.
  10. @Tonelplays: Keep YouTube, YouTube
  11. @PhantomLounge-b6z: Goodluck
  12. @sunnymittra: EU is the modern world Messiah ❤
  13. @BenWillyums: Just another reason to upload real, human content from the heart
  14. @L8NightLui: What if I’m just using ai voice and  but the whole video is made and scripted by me? Using real research in stories? Anyone know?
  15. @vivoslibertos: But but but Algorithm is made by AI... Skynet is near folks XD
  16. @ogganz: what happened to your t-shirt???
  17. @thenightowl3433: On the EU AI law I think you are mixing things up big time. It asks only for AI detection/visibility, not demonitisation. In fact, it prohibits platforms like YouTube from restricting content only because they used say AI (if you’re based in the EU). It’s a game changer to protect artists using AI as they have a right to have their content treated neutrally unless they are informed of why their content is being restricted.
  18. @PaulinhoRahs: you are the best
  19. @NightGrindPh: Helo❤
  20. @mtt92: You explain so well

- How To Fix Low Views On YouTube (RESET YOUR ALGORITHM): Kind: captions Language: en In about 6 days, this YouTube channel right here got 67,000 views and it paid me over $500 in ad revenue. Now, I'm aware that these numbers are not impressive, but what is impressive is the fact that this YouTube channel used to be completely dead. I mean, the last upload on this YouTube channel was on the 9th of June. That was 72 days ago. And after just posting five videos, it's completely blowing up. And so did this YouTube channel that with just four uploads, it got 281,000 views. and it paid me $1,250. Again, nothing impressive, but the point I'm trying to make is that I think I figured out how to revive a dead YouTube channel. So, for those of you that are struggling to get views, you think you're shadowbanned, this video might help you. But keep in mind that the information you're going to hear in this video is not confirmed. This is just what I do, right? Everyone else could say, "Oh, this doesn't work. Oh, it's just a theory. It was just luck." Listen, what I'm about to show you right now is what I've been doing for the last year, and it's gotten results. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Romero. I've been doing YouTube automation since 2018. I've made way over $1.8 million with my faceless YouTube channels. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to get unshadowbanned or how to revive a YouTube channel or how to get out of a 100red view jail, whatever you want to call it. Now, before I go into the video and start showing you the strategies, we need to know exactly what a dead YouTube channel looks like, right? You could just be posting dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] videos, which is why you get low views, right? So, I I don't know, but I'm going to tell you exactly how to find out. So, this is what we're going to do. Go to the top right profile picture of your YouTube channel. Go to YouTube Studio. Go to analytics on the far left. And then from here, click on content. Now, I don't care how many views you've gotten, what your click-through rate is, or what your AVD is. What we care about here is the impressions. Now, depending on how many videos you've posted, I have no idea. We can kind of eye this. If you don't post that much, but you've been doing this longer, you can switch this to the last 90 days. So, here's the rule of thumb. It's very noticeable when your channel is shadowbanned. Now, for those of you that don't know what shadowban means, shadowban is when YouTube just doesn't recommend your videos. For some reason, YouTube just doesn't like your channel. It's not going to recommend it anywhere on YouTube, and it's going to be nearly impossible for you to get views. But anyways, if you've posted 15 videos in the last 30 days and you haven't gotten more than 100,000 impressions, again, you're going to find that right here. It's very likely that your channel is absolutely cooked. Same thing goes for those of you that posted in the last 90 days, right? The the amount of uploads doesn't necessarily matter. What matters is how long the channel has been going. So, in the last 90 days, I don't care how many videos you've posted, if you have not gotten more than 100,000 impressions, that channel's most likely cucked. Now, what would be considered really, really bad impressions, anything under 10K. Now, if you don't know what impressions are, impressions are pretty much when YouTube shows your video to people. For example, if I'm scrolling on YouTube and I see a video on the right side of my recommended, that's an impression. I gave that video an impression. If I'm scrolling on my YouTube homepage, all of those videos I see, as I scroll, I'm giving them impressions. But, okay, let's say your channel's shadowbanned, you're not getting any impressions. Here's how we're going to fix it. Number one, ask someone to create an email for you. Or if you have another device, create an email on there, right? It doesn't matter what it is. It can be on a phone, it can be on a laptop, doesn't matter. Once that email is created, you're going to go back to your YouTube Studio. You're going to go to settings here on the bottom left. Then, you're going to go to permissions. On the top right, you're going to see an option that says invite. You're going to go ahead and click on that. You're going to change access to manager and then you're going to type in the email. Then you're going to click on done and save. After that is done, you're going to go on that new email and you're going to accept the invitation. Once that is done, you're going to see it appear here. Now, this is going to invite that YouTube channel to become a manager. That means that they can upload, they can change things, they just can't physically get paid or delete the channel, but it can almost do everything that an owner can. Here's the part that sucks. Once you do this, you need to wait 7 days. Now, after 7 days, you will be able to change the role of that new email. So, instead of editor, you're going to see an option here that says primary owner. You're going to click on that. Then, you're going to click on save. And that new email is going to become the primary owner of your YouTube channel. By the way, at this point, you don't want to be posting. Stop all posting. I know it sucks, but you have to. Once that is done, you're going to go on that new email. You're going to go back to permissions and you're going to remove access to that first email you started with and you're never going to log in again. And yes, I mean you can you can leave that old email there as a manager if you want. I've just never done it. Every single time that I've done this strategy, I've always removed it and it's worked every single time. So after those seven days are up, you are now primary owner of that new channel with a different email. You wait, you wait another 7 days. You give the channel a break to reset. So what do you do from here? Waiting two to three weeks without uploading kind of sucks and it sounds counterproductive, but put videos in production. Start creating videos. Whatever it is that you do, stockpile them because we're going to give this channel one more chance. Meaning that you need to prepare 20 videos. Because once you do all of this, right, and you wait all of this time, you create the content, you start posting it on the channel. If you don't see a spike of impressions or views with those 20 videos, the channel is cooked and you never touch this again. Matter of fact, probably log out of it. And from here, you create a new email and you start again. But 20 videos is all it takes. But yeah, I mean, wait as long as you can. I waited 72 days on this channel, switched absolutely everything with the primary owner, and it seems like it worked. I mean, this was super fast. These were the views of the videos I was posting previously. I wasn't even breaking 100 views, which is crazy. The second I posted that new video, I got 270 views. The next one got 2,000, and then it jumped up to 80,000 views. But again, this is only what's been working for me. Now, moving on, because there's a few more things to this, and you could take this as just advice. When you're preparing the next 20 videos, you need to micro niche, right? You need to go even deeper into the niche that you're in. For example, this YouTube channel originally posted about dogs. On August 12th, when I started posting again, I was still posting about dogs, but it was about pit bulls. Strictly about pitles, nothing else. You understand what I'm saying? So, instead of doing, oh, Chihuahua, St. Bernards, you know, golden retrievers, German shepherds, pit bulls. I chose one and I made 20 videos about it. Do you understand what I'm saying? When you're first starting off, you need to niche down as much as possible. You cannot be going too broad. Yes, your competitors are probably doing it. They're probably getting a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of views, but you're not your competitors, and they're not just starting off. You need to have a strategy of what it is that you're going to upload. And that sounds very broad. I'm not saying like the wording or anything. I'm just saying the topic. If you have a YouTube channel about cars where you talk about the top 10 cars to buy, focus only on SUVs. For the next 20 videos, only talk about the most luxurious SUVs to buy, the fastest SUVs to buy under 50K, best SUVs that are coming in 2026. You understand what I'm saying? This is just off the dome, by the way. I I feel like those titles cooked. That's my best advice to you, and that might be the thing that's holding you back from from success on YouTube. And the last thing, make longer videos. If you're making five to six minute long videos, it's not going to work. Very rare. I I mean, in my school community, and this is where I teach people how to do YouTube automation, I've had thousands of students. I've never seen one of them succeed with a with a video under 8 minutes. And I know what you're probably thinking. How How am I supposed to make a video longer than 6 minutes? Dude, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Chad GBT. What do you mean? I promise you, there's a million things you can add to it. And longer videos just perform better overall. Not only do you get a higher RPM, you get a higher average view duration, you get watchtime hours faster, and it's less of a competition because YouTube in a sense is looking for YouTube videos to promote for people on TV, right? That's kind of like YouTube's plan. They're already competing with Tik Tok low-key. I guess I guess views-wise, I believe they beat Tik Tok last year for YouTube shorts, which is crazy. Now, they're going for TV. The longer your videos are, and I'm talking between 15 to 25 minutes, maybe even 30, and obviously anything over that, is going to be recommended to people that watch YouTube on TV. And the people who do watch YouTube on TV most likely walk away, leave it playing in the background. So, that's something you should consider. But anyways, for those of you that want to take YouTube serious and you want to make this a job like I did, you can go ahead and click the link in the description of this video or in the pen comment, and that's going to take you to my school community. This is where I have 70 plus videos where I go in extreme detail on how to start faceless YouTube channels. I provide you a list of niches, pre-done thumbnail PGs. I also go live two times every single week, and this is where I speak with you directly, answer any questions, review your channels. Uh, matter of fact, I go live in an hour. Right now, it's 2 a.m. for me, but I have a lot of members from different time zones, so I got to grind it out. This is what I do for my community, man. But yeah, I mean, you get the point. You can check it out if you want. If you don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll appreciate a like and subscribe. We'll both go about our days. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Romayroh [61 likes]: Join My Private Community: https://www.skool.com/views-for-income-7713/about
  2. @Milowvc [7 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 👍Eye of the Tiger 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
  3. @CineMood16 [1 likes]: Very helpful hope youtube start giving me views too soon.
  4. @Zehlrik [1 likes]: To all the new YouTube channels out there keep pushing we will get there 💪💗
  5. @sombr_space_GG: Need to revive my channel not giving up!
  6. @moral1000stories: Hi Thank you so much the video is realy valuable and understandable, I am planning to make the video more than 8 minutes
  7. @MAGIcTRAILTOONS-s2s: My channel is not
  8. @WildScience-YT: Your dream need to scare you .we are making it
  9. @EdenKoz: I waited 8 days and not seeing "owner" either as an option for the new email. I read older comments and didn't see this. Maybe you have to wait longer now? Any other advice? I will see if he has new videos... dang, I am ready!!!
  10. @SkeetSkeetProductions: i wish everyone luck guys Thanks For the info
  11. @EdenKozlowski: Questions if anyone can help. I had a friend create the new email address yet is it ok to open it on my computer... does that mess with IP address? Does it then look like I created it? Also, I have 2 videos that I have uploaded to YouTube yet they are not live. I am assuming I can delete these and make them part of my 20. Also, these are all supposed to be "new" videos; I have 4 years of content! With old stuff I need to redo titles and artwork SO will these be seen as "new" especially if I delete and reconfigure them (as well as change the title of the videi when I download). It is really good content.
  12. @serieslovers11: My chennal also this  issues but hope on😢😢😢
  13. @oddlyA.S.M.R: Do u mean viewer limited by the word primary owner because I cannot see any option like that
  14. @favourchijioke8689: Must it be a new email
  15. @prm4uofficial: The point about your first 30 seconds basically deciding whether the algorithm gives you a chance is something most people overlook when they're panicking about low views — they tweak tags and titles but never rewatch their own hook critically. One thing I'd add: beyond resetting your approach, tracking how many likes, shares, and saves each video gets (not just views) is a better signal of whether the algorithm actually sees your content as satisfying to viewers. Have you noticed a difference in how videos perform when you optimize specifically for those engagement actions versus just watch time?
  16. @gregorychiasson7739: You lose me quickly with these numbers are not that impressive because they actually are to the vast majority of creators…
  17. @Vinshayden: Can anyone confirm this works
  18. @thevictoriouslife-n8g: I'm 3+years on YouTube and have not reached 1k subs , I decided to make new YouTube channel and start over again, don't give up ! Best wishes to all Small channel out there , let's go !
  19. @NeroeDB: Solo so low
  20. @GodMessengerTruth: I started with shorts and got lots of sub…. Then stopped and focused on long video but I’m getting lower views and I don’t know what I do wrong

- YouTubes New Algorithm Update Is KILLING Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en Something huge has just happened on YouTube. And if you feel like your views have dropped recently, this is why. The platform just made its biggest change in decades, and everyone is panicking. So, in this video, I'm going to break down what this change is, what it means for you guys, and what you can do to pick your views back up again. Now, I recently shared a poll asking you guys if you liked AI content. And when I was reading what you were saying, this is a comment I saw. It said, "Dan, what are your thoughts on the September view drop? Vid IQ and Marcus Jones have been talking about it and a lot of other YouTubers, including me, experienced it, too." And to be honest, like this was the first time I'd heard of this, and I thought to myself, what is this guy actually on about? So, I clicked on Marx's profile and watched his video. And then I also clicked on Vid IQ's profile and watched their video, too. And I was like, "Wo, okay." Like, something big is actually happening here. But why is this the first time I was actually hearing about it? Because it's obviously very now apparent that there's been a huge change to the algorithm. And since September of last year, most people on YouTube have seen their views absolutely tank. So I went into my own analytics to check. So if I go in and change the dates from 1st of June 2025 to the 31st of December 2025, which is 6 months, this is what I get. Now, yes, I did have a big spike early back in June where a couple of my videos went viral, but overall, like my views have pretty much stayed the same. Like, there's no big September dip whatsoever here now. Like, I certainly hadn't been affected by it. You can see here there's no big dip at all. So, I thought I'd also ask some of my students in my course. Like, these guys follow my teachings and my advice, but they hadn't experienced it either. In fact, my students are still growing. This gaming channel here recently passed 700 subscribers. Sophie passed 500 subs back in December and Emma recently posted video got 42,000 views and got her up to the 4,000 watch hour requirement. So, I haven't been affected by it and nor of my students. And this piques my curiosity even more. I was thinking to myself, was this just sensationalism for these guys to get some cheap views? But surely not because I consider both markers and Vid IQ both my peers like surely they wouldn't create such clickbait on this scale. So, I decided to do my own research and I set up a poll for you guys. And to be fair, the results actually shocked me because a vast majority of you said that your views had dropped in September, too. And one thing that actually did stand out to me, though, was when I was watching Marcus and Vid IQ's videos was the fact that they both said the YouTube homepage had changed. And they're right. It has actually changed in a big big way. Now, normally the guys at YouTube get away with making these small little changes over time so that they go completely unnoticed, but this time the mask has slipped. Now, before I show you what my homepage actually looks like right now, let's actually like zoom out a bit and let's look at a typical homepage, what that looked like back in 2016, which are like the golden years of YouTube where growing a channel was much easier. So if I type into Google YouTube homepage 2016, this is what you'll see here. So look at this one. If I click on this, so this is a screenshot of a typical homepage back in 2016 on YouTube. And what you can see here, there is six videos on each row. And there's there's five different columns on here with rows of six different videos. So this means every single time you log on to YouTube for the first time and go to the homepage, you've got the choice as a viewer of 30 different videos to watch. And that means there's 30 different creators and 30 different videos on there. And there's so many different people competing for your attention, which means it's actually easier for you as a creator to have your video posted on there because there's so much space. There's so much like real estate for you to access. And all of these screenshots say the same thing. There's six different videos on all of these rows here. Now, you want to compare this to what YouTube looks like today, like January of 2026. This is what my homepage looks like. So, as you can see here, we've got one, two, three videos and then immediately goes to shorts. So, we've gone from having a page where you've got 30 different videos to choose from to free. This is 10% of what it was back in 2016, 10 years ago. And then below that, you've got shorts. So, a big row of shorts taking up all the space where other long form videos should have been. And then we've got another row of long form. So, three more videos. and then more shorts and then long form and then some more long form down here. So what this means is all of the prime real estate is getting taken up by shorts. Now what the even crazier thing is here if I type in let's say Sony A6700 the results will come up again the vast majority of them are shorts. So all of these shorts here and then you've got one video in search results. So you've l got one creator here getting their video right at the top and then you've got even more shorts. even more shorts buried in here too and a couple of long form videos. Now, this means it's much much harder for your videos to show up on the homepage and search results, like the two very places that have traditionally driven the vast majority of views on YouTube. So, we've gone from competing for like 12 different slots, to just three. And like, here's the obvious truth. All of these shorts you see here have replaced something, and that something is long form video competition. Now, this doesn't mean getting views on long form videos has completely stopped entirely. It just means they're being distributed to far fewer creators. Where views used to be spread across loads of different creators, they're now concentrated on just a handful, which makes competition much much tougher, especially if you don't know what you're doing. But what's actually happened here? Like, what actually explains this big dip and the change of the homepage? Now, at the end of the day, look, this is just another tweak to the algorithm. The most important thing to understand is that the algorithm is always evolving, and the engineers at YouTube are constantly changing it. Now, these changes aren't always perfect. Some of them genuinely suck, and this one definitely does suck for most creators. But YouTube isn't making these decisions in a vacuum. They're reacting to data, and more importantly, to how people in general consume content. Like everyone knows, YouTube is in direct competition with Tik Tok, Instagram, and every other platform fighting for your attention. So if they see people scrolling more or watching shorter content or spending more time in feeds, then YouTube will adapt the platform to suit that, even if it hurts other creators as a result. Now, hopefully this is just one of those changes that YouTube realizes was a mistake and hopefully like eventually reverses. But honestly, I don't think that's going to happen. This feels like the horrible direction YouTube is heading in. So, no, YouTube hasn't crashed, but it has changed. And changes like this are exactly why some creators continue to grow, whilst other creators will just get completely wiped out. And this is exactly why I built the YouTube Academy in the first place. So, when YouTube makes these huge changes, the way you create your videos matters even more than ever. Titles, thumbnails, ideas, all of it. Now, inside the YouTube Web Academy, I teach you exactly how to build your channel properly so things like this don't affect you like they've affected everyone else. Now, I'll link it down below. Otherwise, if you're not interested, that's fine. But do let me know down in the comments if you were affected and how you're affected and what's changed for you. Thank you very much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [44 likes]: Work with me here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @TintinGlobe-Trotter [4 likes]: Youtube is not TikTok.  Long form videos are what makes Youtube so special.  Stop killing long form creators.
  3. @BakerBootleg [3 likes]: Honestly sucks so much.  I’ve had friends who had footage online that passed away and it’s sad that those memories can’t be accessed I hope Google will work to fix this because the platform has become less entertaining.
  4. @PuppetShortFilms [1 likes]: I'm affected big time oh well still making videos, no give up. and it's intersting my Ranking by views

3 of 10

Views
88

Average percentage viewed
219.3%
  5. @Whitt6 [1 likes]: Hi mate I have a question for you 
YouTube have cancelled my channel 
Due to apparently saying it's about spam or a long them guide lines and I don't understand why because all my channel is about was posting videos of cars and all I was filming was the outside of the cars plus alot of the time I had permission is there any advice etc that you can give me that I can put in the appeal
  6. @Cat-Whisperer-2111 [1 likes]: They don't want to give up any of their big pie. Long-form videos are hidden, and already monetized channels are demonetized. This way, of course, they can make more money, and small creatives are exploited. Nowadays, it takes three years of study to understand the platform...
  7. @RT66Travel [1 likes]: Why keep going? It’s already difficult. If it’s harder, is there a point to keep going? Lots of people probably wonder?
  8. @NicksStrengthandPower: Over the last few weeks my views  have absolutely tanked suddenly despite the fact this is typically a peak time of year of me with big events. On average compared to my coverage of the exact same events last year I’m suddenly down 50-70% with no reason or explanation.
  9. @loveAustralia-mate: I will support small channels let's grow...
  10. @guilhermegdeavogtmannsberg3776: youtube is giving chance to grok, faccebook and instagram get the creators.
  11. @AnushBhise: Fact - Youtube hate small channels
  12. @ancientfishing: Youtube needs to go back to 2016 on desktop and tv, get rid of shorts on non-mobile platforms.
  13. @jacobsweeney2330: THEY ARE PUSHING SHORT CONTENT, WAY MORE.  
 LIKELY TRYING TO PROGRAM HUMANS NOT TO HAVE ANY ATTENTION SPAN, \
EASIER TO CONTROL THE POPULATIONS.
  14. @TruthPrincess: Thank you Dan, for explaining what is happening.  I have experienced in the last two weeks a sudden drop in views for a few days where my views are less than 10 per video compared to hundreds or even 1-2 thousand per video.  Then, it is as though Youtube gets the videos "unstuck" and I start to get views again on the most recent videos.  I am only posting shorts and have tried some AI Youtube video posts too.  The second time it happened, I just resigned myself to getting only a handful of views for each video, but decided to be OK with that since I could be faithfully posting for my subscribers.  Then in the last few hours my videos are starting to get views again!  We live in such strange times.  I don't know what to think.  I am not monetizing my channel and don't intend to, so I don't know if that has anything to do with my situation or not on Youtube.
  15. @metroidmaster88: As long as we ate greedy peoples we small ones goes hide in hole. Rich peoples like Donald Trump, Mark Zuccenbherg and Benjamin Netahau can break every single laws without risk goes to court room. We poor peoples no have same laws.
  16. @metroidmaster88: yes this did it always my videois 20 to zero. Youtube can kiss my ass. We really create this channel. I was first pesrson who post videos in tube 16 years ago.
  17. @QuizzerUknow: Nice, great time to have started a new channel😅. Let the grind begin!
  18. @intra9645: I hide shorts and never update. Best way to use YouTube.
  19. @matthijsfkra: ive noticed quality of yt recomends down too
  20. @SenseiFamilyJedi: Bro it's obnoxious as a viewer too. I was enjoying the algorithm for a couple years and suddenly it's recommending the wildest crap I have ZERO interest in and completely off topic from what I just watched, nothing like what I'm subscribed to our have a history of engaging with. It's awful. Like I've turned off Autoplay now and I'm forced to set up a que if I leave it on.

- How to Reset Your Algorithm Rating (Fix Low Views): Kind: captions Language: en If your channel feels completely stuck and your videos aren't getting many views anymore, you might need to reset your algorithm. Now, every single channel on YouTube has a hidden rating that basically controls how much reach your videos get. And when that score drops, so does your views. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what that hidden rating is and the easiest way to reset it. Let's get into it. So, what actually is an algorithm rating? Well, the easiest way to understand it is this. Every single YouTube channel on the platform basically has an invisible data profile. And this profile builds up over time. With every single upload, YouTube will collect signals from things such as your niche, the type of viewers you attract, your click-through rate, your watch time, your attention, your search behavior, viewer satisfaction, what other types of videos your viewers watch, and so much more. Now, it does get super complicated when you get into the crux of it, but basically all of these bits of data feed into one profile about your channel. And then the algorithm uses this profile to predict who your content is for and how far it should push out your videos. Now, they do this so when you upload a brand new video, YouTube will already have all of the information it needs. So instead of just guessing who it's for, it will use your past data to decide who to show it to first. So in the ideal world, if your data profile is clear and consistent, YouTube can confidently show your video to the right people the right time. But if your profile is a bit messy or the data is really unclear, the platform will lose confidence in who to push your content to and it will just start restricting your videos instead because it basically wants to avoid potentially showing your videos to the wrong people. So it would rather just hide your videos all together and not show them to anyone. And this is a really deep hole to get out of. But don't worry, I will show you a way of how to fix it. But before that, it's actually really important to understand why this happens. like what actually ruins a channel's data profile in the first place? Well, what usually happens is that over time, if your channel's data is bad, it means it's collected way too many mixed signals that kind of all point in different directions. And this can happen when you do things like change your niche or when you start mixing different types of content or when you chase trends that sit outside of your kind of like core topic or when you copy multiple different creators at once or when you keep trying different styles of things. And over time, without you knowing it, your channel will slowly build up a negative data profile because all of these different signals are hitting your channel at once and your profile just becomes super confusing. And that's when YouTube will really start to struggle to confidently match your videos to the right audience. Like the type of viewers who see your content will be constantly changing. So then your performance becomes inconsistent and some videos will flop for absolutely no reason. And over time the system will become far more cautious when it comes to your uploads. Not because you're being like necessarily punished, but because YouTube no longer knows who it can safely show your content to. And that's a point where most creators feel like they're shadowbanned when in reality their channel has simply just become like algorithmically confused. So if you feel like your channel is a bit stuck and you feel like you need to reset your algorithm rating, here are five different steps you can take. Now the very first step in this process is just to take a step back and have like a one or two week calling off period where you don't upload anything. Now I would personally recommend more like two weeks, but I know that many of you will be itching to get back posting after just one week off. So, in some cases, one week could be okay, but not posting for a couple of weeks basically like stops any more negative signals from being fed into your data profile. You should think of it as like letting the dust settle a bit. This won't necessarily erase any past data, but it will help to stop the negative momentum that's been building up, and it will allow you to start fresh from your next upload. And as you're in this cooling off period, I would suggest you take the time to completely evaluate your entire channel. And by doing this, you need to analyze what types of videos have been performing well for you. Now, this isn't just about views. It's also about identifying which videos attracted the right audience you want to attract, which videos held attention the longest, and which videos led to more people watching more than just one video. Because these videos, these successful videos contain the clearest signal of what YouTube once understood about your channel. And that information will give you the fastest path back to clarity and growth. So find your best performing videos and really study them. Study the video analytics, the audience analytics, everything. And once you've identified your best performing long form videos, this is the perfect time to clip up those videos into multiple different shorts. because every clip you post out becomes another positive signal to YouTube and it allows it to gather more data about the type of viewer your channel should be reaching. Now, you can do this quickly by using an AI tool like Nexus Clips. Just upload the long form video and let it automatically pull out the strongest moments, the viral hooks, and the best insights. These shorts will then support your long form videos by reinforcing your niche and helping to bring in more of the right audience. Then once you've done all of this and you have the right information, your next job is to commit the next 90 days to creating content for only one very specific audience in one very specific niche. So every new upload, every title, every description, and your overall keyword targeting should point to the exact same one type of viewer. And at the same time as this, your channel needs to fully reflect that direction, too. So, your channel description, your channel tags, your playlists, and your positioning should all match up. So, this means you also need to make sure that all of your channel SEO reflects the niche and the audience you want to target. And doing all of this will make sure your new content and your actual channel are optimized and aligned properly. And it's going to prevent any mixed signals going forward. And things will become far more clearer in your data profile if you do this. I promise you. And then the final step is you need to make three algorithm reset videos because these three videos will act like a reset button. They'll help to wipe away the negative signals from the past and replace them with clean, reliable information. And if done correctly, they will help to improve your data profile. And when you plan these three algorithm reset videos, they need to all do the following things. Number one, stay laser focused on your niche. Now, all three of these videos should be about the exact same topic area you committed to in step four. No experimenting, no reaching outside your lane. These videos should feel like exact examples of what your channel is now about. Number two, have crystal clear packaging. So, before filming, you need to decide on a title and thumbnail that instantly makes sense to your target viewers. Someone should be able to look at your packaging and immediately understand what the video is about, who the video is for, why the video is worth clicking on. Because when YouTube sees clear packaging paired with a clear niche, it becomes so much easier to match your content with the right audience. Again, then number three, deliver your value quickly and consistently. The videos themselves should be your cleanest, strongest, best work. Simple structure, good pacing, and a clear payoff. I don't want any confusing intros, definitely no rambling, no major style shifts, just a strong, straightforward execution that reinforces your core topic. And when you come to release these free reset videos, you give YouTube a fresh set of strong, consistent data points. And if these videos outperform your old ones, even just slightly, the algorithm will gain confidence in you again. And this is a moment where your impressions and your reach will start to climb back up. And look, if all of this makes sense, but you'd still like a bit more help applying it, especially when it comes to like rebuilding your niche or fixing your algorithm signals, this is exactly what I teach inside of the YouTube Web Academy. You'll get step-by-step training plus real feedback on your channel, your ideas, and your packaging. And I'll give you feedback on your overall strategy, so you're never out there trying to fix your channel alone again. So, if you want proper guidance and feedback whilst you reset your channel and build it back the right way, come and join us inside of the YouTube Wealth Academy. I would love to help get your channel unstuck. The link is down in the description below. But if you're not yet ready to invest in yourself, that's fine. YouTube thinks that this video here is the perfect one for you to watch next. I'll see that.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [13 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @DRmellow420 [1 likes]: To be honest I almost gave up a couple times but I'm still going to keep pushing your videos definitely help out a lot I'm glad I found your videos
  3. @Gemini_Samura1: What if your niche is mixbag? Horror,scifi,music, and video games, and how it all connects to politics?
  4. @Minecraft_GD4Life: I make minecraft videos
  5. @InspiringSounds01: Learning
  6. @VirnovaGaming: Nice information.
  7. @Eddicus-2444: My neich is art and I’m trying to grow
  8. @BlazeStormXGaming: It getting few view mine😢😢😢
  9. @Gyeongsu-edits: I’m almost at 100 subscribers
  10. @Vinshayden: Is it necessary to take a break or no
  11. @yamadouyin: YouTube beginners, let's gather 😉❤
  12. @worldwearyguy1: Doesn't make any difference, YouTube suppress your views no matter what you do, might as well call it a day
  13. @XPLevelQuiz: Still zero views :(
  14. @TheUrbanKingpinchannel: I'll never make it 😢 I'm about to just quit
  15. @Morva_editz: No wonder why my views are always stuck to 1k because I edit 2 DIFFERENT CONTENT. 😮‍💨😔
  16. @ViralMixZone-n2u: great information
  17. @travisdinham6084: This channel is the worst of the worst. Dude is singlehandedly trying to kill every channel lmao
  18. @buzzbuggiesrc: Dude I've tried some of what you've been teaching us my views have gotten lower 😅 my luck I guess haha ❤
  19. @AlaminFakire: nice video
  20. @candyasmrtv-j3t: ❤❤

- Creativity vs Algorithm: The YouTube Problem: Kind: captions Language: en hey there young one it's you from the future a bit older and a bit wiser I wanted to take a moment to remind you of something incredibly important especially as you navigate the world of content creation and algorithms life has a funny way of throwing obstacles in our path but I need you to remember this create unapologetically and fearlessly the world needs your unique voice your passion and your creativity don't let the Trap of chasing the algorithm dictate your content understand it but let your creativity lead don't hold back don't let fear or doubt stop you Embrace every idea every dream and every project with the love and enthusiasm only you can bring trust in your abilities to stay true to what you love and never shy away from embracing yourself you're capable of incredible things so go out there and show the world what you've got take care and remember The Best Is Yet To Come warmest regards your older wiser self when I started this YouTube channel I told myself I don't care who watches my videos I just want to document my life and also improve on my video creation skills I wanted to use it as a creative Outlet fully removed from any expectations or results I told myself whether I got one view or 100,000 views I would be happy because I was just expressing myself well that was what I told myself anyway and maybe I wasn't being completely honest with myself maybe I was protecting myself in the event that no one enjoyed my videos and that feeling was confirmed once I started to get a few thousand views on a couple of videos nothing crazy a few compliments on videos started to roll in and admittedly those felt nice I started to want more of that once I got a taste of those I started to want more and more and want those in real time I could sense my perspective beginning to shift rather than solely focusing on expressing myself my only goal became trying to create the next video that would exceed the last video's view count keyword research thumbnail design title optimization description optimization all of those things started to become the only things that mattered are those things important yes those things are very important I mean we all want our videos to be discoverable right but what is that sweet spot where creativity and algorithm friendly content can live in harmony it's a delicate dance that if mastered is essentially a cheat code within the realm of content creation how do we find that sweet spot creativity is important in videos because it allows us to express oursel show our uniqueness amongst the crowd and create emotional connections with viewers and the algorithm matters because it matches content with the correct audiences and allows creators to make data-driven decisions on their content strategies I believe I have found the perfect balance between creativity and strategy and that balance is to never lose sight of the intended purpose of algorithms they are merely tools not Masters algorithms are a means to enhance your reach and impact but they should never dictate your Creative Vision think of them as a compass guiding you through the vast landscape of YouTube towards what resonates with your audience while allowing your authentic voice to Lead the Way by leveraging the algorithm correctly you can amplify your unique creative expression ensuring it reaches those who appreciate and engage with it the most this balance of creativity and strategy paves the way for Meaningful connections and Lasting success

  Top Comments:
  1. @andywu346 [1 likes]: I just started my creator journey and really need this. Thank you. Keep that fearless soul.
  2. @rumari626 [1 likes]: Been struggling with this idea recently as well. Thanks for making this video!
  3. @emme_giannis: No honestly amazing video! Needed that fr keep going!!
  4. @yuvrajadhikari4074: Keep going brother. This will blow up soon! ✨
  5. @digitalfeelings66: Brother, I love your content, have you tried creating reels? I think I'll match your style and IG growth seems smother
  6. @Fleckleburgstudios: Well said! Interestingly, the algorithm put your video on my front page after days of research of how to grow my channel, cheat the algorithm, etc. It was right next to videos like "BOOST your ENGAGEMENT and REACH" and "FIVE REASONS why you are stuck at 100 subs" :P

- Is the YouTube Algorithm Destroying Creativity?: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, Ronnie here. I today's Friday for me and it is the last day of my fall break and that's a little sad, you know, got to hit back at work full-time next week. But funny thing is I'm actually heading into the office this morning to check on a few things. But it's a little different when you don't have to go, you know. Um, but anyway, this morning I wanted to do a quick video on how I made YouTube fun again. And I hope that YouTube is fun for you. I think that was the original intent of it. You know, I think that's always been the intent of YouTube is for it to be um a platform to share things and and have fun and and be happy. But um I think it's gotten a little cloudy over the years. You know, people have started to look at it more as a way to make money, which is cool. I mean, that's great. People are making money and that's awesome. Good for them, man. Glad they can do that. But at the same time, you know, that's a burden. Uh, and people get caught up in that and they just can't think of anything else. They're so trying to make money. I started my first channel, gosh, it's been three or four years ago now, uh, the corny joke channel. And when I started that channel, it was for fun. I mean, I really I just loved making videos and putting them out there. And uh it it's a joke channel, you know, and it was so much fun, you know, just making little short clips, putting them out there. And and that was back when uh shorts were kind of kicking off, man. I got get like a couple thousand views and, you know, some comment good comments saying that's funny or something and several comments saying, you know, you're the worst creator on YouTube. But that's just part of the game. You got to you got to expect that. You got to understand it. But it was fun, you know. And then uh I rocked on for a little while. I actually started getting some subscribers and a lot of that was due to the fact that you know at that time shorts were really big and you get a lot of views and a lot of subscribers came with that. I'm not saying all those people were were in it for the long haul, you know, that they were there for me. They were just kind of, you know, they clicked it anyway. But so I got a little over 1,000 subscribers and I got to thinking, you know, maybe I can do something with this. you know, maybe I'm going to take this channel and get it monetized and start making money and it's, you know, it's this is going to be great. You know, it's little little side income. You know, I have a good job and I didn't need a financially. I mean, obviously, we all could use more money all the time, but I didn't need a second job at the time. So, this was just going to be some extra money I could do something fun with. So, kind of started down that path with it, you know. I started trying to post more videos, post longer videos, and um get my content out there so maybe I could start getting the watch hours. But in doing that, I lost the fun of YouTube. And it became more like a job, you know? I was like every every day when I came home, I felt like I needed to put out another short, maybe after a long day at work. And I found myself making shorts at, you know, 9 and 10:00 at night and I was tired and um I found myself just doing repetitive content, you know, finding things on YouTube that um other people had done and kind of copying that myself, putting my own spin on it maybe. And all of that drained me and it I just lost the fun, you know, and eventually it just made me not want to do YouTube anymore. I did step away for a little while and then I came back and I started this channel, Ronnie's Realm. I I did a couple things with this channel. Uh tried some different things before before I started what I'm doing now, which is just kind of talking about life in my 50s and a lot of stuff about YouTube in general because I love YouTube. But I came back to this channel with a the mindset of I just want to have fun and make videos. And it has been so freeing for me. I feel like I was almost um let out of jail in a little bit of a way. And now I don't focus on trying to be somebody, you know? I don't focus on worrying about getting this channel monetized and I may never do that and that's okay because I'm having fun again. I'm having fun on YouTube for the first time in years and that's great. You know, I I had stepped away. There's there's a club on uh some guys get together on Sunday nights at Cory's Comedy Channel. Please check that out every every chance you get. There's some great creators that come on there and they're fighting the good fight, you know. you have people just just trying to get to that thousand um view mark. People that are there already past that mark. They're trying to help other people. And it's just a great little community, you know, that that we built there. And I'd walked away from that for a while. And and I came back when I rebooted this channel. And you know, kind of like the prodical son a little bit. You know, I wasn't um chastised. They were just like, "We're glad to have you back." And man, that was such a great feeling. and just to know that I enjoy YouTube again. You know, I enjoy YouTube for the first time in in years and I want to be a part of it. I want to keep creating. Um, and I know, you know, I always say I have a um a face for radio and a voice for silent movies. I don't have the voice or the looks for YouTube, but I just enjoy creating content. You know, I didn't ever know that growing up that it was going to be something that I would enjoy as much as I do. So, I'm going to keep doing this. You know, and people may say, "You need to quit. You don't need to do this anymore. You're not any good." That's your opinion, and that's fine. Hey, your opinion may be 100% right, but I will not stop because I love it, and I'm getting joy out of this. So, let me know in the comments. I'd love to know, do you love YouTube? you know, where are you at? Are you a Are you a creator? Has it gotten to be more like a job for you sometimes, you know, or have you been able to handle that? You know, I just I didn't handle it very well, but maybe reboot yourself. You know, I'm not saying reboot your channel, but, you know, just reboot your thought process on YouTube. Stop trying to make other people happy. Stop trying to, you know, get that monetization. Stop stop looking at analytics all the time. Uh, I talk about Casey Neistat a lot on my channel. Love Casey, you know, he's just the ultimate creator to me. The ultimate YouTuber. Love watching him. And he made a comment that he doesn't have the analytics app. He's never had it on his phone. He doesn't look at that. Now, he doesn't have to because he does extremely well, but he's not focused on that on that part of it. He's focused on creating good content. He's like, if you create good content, everything else is going to fall into place. So, that's kind of where I am this morning. You know, I'm just really excited to be back on YouTube and things to u be enjoying it again. Hope you are, too. If you got anything out of today's video, please consider liking and subscribing. And until next time, we'll catch you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CorysComedyChannel [2 likes]: All Aboard the fun bus to happy town. You got some great advice on this one Ronnie
and guess what?... I'm taking it. This was awesome!

Thank you so much for making this video. Thanks for the Shout Out too.
You're the MAN!

Best wishes!
  2. @ron2256 [2 likes]: I've stopped fighting the algorithm now.. I've got enough subscribers and I get over 2000 watch hours a year.. Not enough to make any money but I just do it for fun now.. And it gets me out and about and keeps me busy. I've even started delving into a bit of AI. And as you say, I've got a lot of subscribers from Cory and the fun club.
  3. @mayhem2222 [2 likes]: your a w
  4. @keithe2150 [1 likes]: I can speak perfect English, but Siri can’t type perfect English… You doing good you’ve got good attitude. Please stop it. Keep stopping by on Sunday nights. You’re an integral part of the team and you can’t spell team. There is no iron team but there’s a me in there lol and you

- Navigating the Creator-Algorithm Feedback Loop #CreatorEconomy #AlgorithmInsights #ContentCreation: Kind: captions Language: en Yeah, it feels unfair. I get it. But just acknowledging this is the very first step to taking back some of that control. And this right here shows the constant dance we're all in with the algorithm. Think about it. It's a feedback loop, right? We have an idea of what we think will work. That's our perception. That idea shapes what we create. Then we put it out there and the algorithm's reaction or, you know, lack of reaction feeds right back into our perception for the next thing we make. We're in this constant cycle of create, analyze, adjust. And because these platforms are basically a black box, nobody knows exactly how they work. We end up creating what researchers call algorithmic folk theories. You know what I'm talking about, right? These are our own little personal rulebooks for what we think the algorithm wants. You got to post at 9:00 a.m. on the dot. No, you have to use these three specific hashtags. I heard videos under a minute are the only thing that works now. We're all just trying to guess the magic formula. So, all those little folk theories, they usually lead us down one of two paths. You either work with the algorithm or you work against it. Working with it is what you see on the left. It's chasing trends, using that song that's blowing up, or changing your video title because a certain keyword is hot. Working against it is a totally different strategy. It's making that passion project you believe in, even if it's not trendy. It's building your own email list or fan community off the platform so you're not totally at the mercy of the algorithm's mood swings.

- Creative Is King Again: How to Scale With Meta’s 2025 Algorithm | Smart Marketer Show Ep10 FULL: Kind: captions Language: en [music] What is up everyone? Welcome, welcome, welcome. How is everybody doing today? We've got a bunch of people on today. 41. It's like people are excited about AI video, Erin. It's feels like that's something people want to talk about, huh? >> Oh, yeah. Yeah, it is on everybody's mind and for good reason. So, um we're super excited to see everyone today. Um let me know in the chat where you guys coming in from. I am here in Kentucky and it decided to be winter yesterday. So, um we got snow in like the matter of like two hours and it it's like, you know, now it's winter, I guess. And my birthday was like five days ago and it's never it's never even cold, you know, around this time of year. So now, okay, we've got Belfast. Shout out Belfast in the house. Yeah, it is. It is raining. Um, Florida, it was 37. I don't feel bad for you. I know that's really cold for you, but it was like 20s here. So, uh, don't feel bad for you. I know there's people that are colder, but we're in Kentucky, so that's not even We're not even supposed to be in the cold area, but we get it. We get it pretty intensely. Serbia in the house. Heck yeah. Um, New Zealand. We are everywhere. What time is it in New Zealand right now? Are you like watching this at like 3:00 a.m. because like shout out shout out it to the New Zealand. From the future. Yeah, that is crazy. I I always like I have client meetings from the future. Um Oh, it's 8. Okay, gotcha. Um, my time zone knowledge is super bad, but good morning. I hope this is a great way to start your morning. Um, you ready to dive into it, Arian? >> Let's do it, man. Excited. >> All right, dude. Let's do it. So, today we are talking about the meta algorithm update. So, we're going to be sharing with you all kind of like what we're doing at the agency level. Um, what we're seeing with our clients um after the new algorithm. And just to drop a hint here, it's not just more creative. So, like here's what you need to do. Um, and it's not all about just creating more creative. It is, you know, spoiler alert, you do have to create more creative, but that's not the only thing that's going to drive the performance in your ad account. And I'm hopefully going to show you all through my presentation that I prepared how to do so, how to increase your creative volume um, sustainably, right? Because I'm sure a lot of you are feeling the the push that this is unsustainable. like what they're asking of me in terms of producing creative is unsustainable. Um, how can I possibly do something good? Um, and match their recommendations. And that's what we're going to kind of tell you today. And then we're just going to give you a couple quick wins. So, the the the agenda for today, the data be behind um top performing ad creative. So, just share qu some quick data for you that'll hopefully help ease your That's what this is. It's going to be a group therapy session about the new algorithm change and how we all need more creative and I'm going to help you guys kind of cope and then also move on and get stronger, right? So, the four-step ad framework to scale ads strategically, that's going to be a super easy win for you all to copy. Um, AI video workflow, show you kind of how we came up with one of our top performing AI videos with a case study. And then we're going to share with you all the brief template that I literally use every single day with every single one of our creative clients that you all can take, plug into your Claude projects, plug into your GPTs, and you'll be you'll be on your way. So, first segment, numbers don't lie. So, one thing I was thinking about in this whole new discussion, which is how many ads do I need to launch every week? Facebook is telling me I need to launch 20 ads a week. How do I possibly do that? Are the people who are crushing it, are they launching a million ads a week? What percentage of spend are their top ads taking? Right? Because you would think per Meta's recommendation that the top ads in people's ads account are the ones that, you know, whereas it used to be a huge percentage, now it's like spread over a a bunch of a bunch of different ads. So, the top ads aren't crushing it with spin like they used to, and they're spread out over over all the the, you know, over all of the ads in your ad account. Well, I wanted to show you that this is from an analysis that I did with agency clients that 57% of ad spend comes just from the top five ads. And this is like over multiple different accounts. So, the point that I want to make here is this number is going down. we are seeing that creative diversity is bringing this number down um consistently, but also it isn't 12. You know what I'm saying? If this were 12 and you look in your ad account and you say, "Oh my gosh, we've had that one random picture ad that nobody even likes anymore, but it has just spent like a million dollars over time and we can't turn it off because it's so good." How many people in the comments have that ad in their ad account that's just been the one that works forever that they don't even like and they're like, "Oh my gosh, this is the only one that ever spins. We need to find more." I hope this number is comforting to you to say that yes, we do need more creative and yes, we are changing what we do and we are changing how we think about creative production to come up with more ads. But when we look here, it's still the top winners that are taking up the bulk of the ad spend. So really the system is about creating diversity in the account and finding winners kind of like as it always has been. Um now we just need more we need more creatives to find it. And that number is going to keep going down. Right? If I do this presentation next year I'm sure that number will be below 50% and it's going to keep continued continuing to go down. But don't panic. I have um kind of the the solution for you all and I'm going to show you all how to to take care of that. So, next segment, this just in. What is the big thing that's happening in the ad world today? Obviously, it's why you're here. It's the Andromeda update. And my thoughts in the on the Andromeda update as somebody who is in the shoes of a lot of the people here in our job just got harder, right? for the creative people. If you are a business owner and you're running your own ads and you're coming up with all of your own creative and it's been a struggle just to like keep the lights on creatively as it is, I bet you felt the pressure of the update where everyone's saying, "Hey, we need more creative." Now, I want to encourage you with my take on this because I feel that same pressure honestly, right? Because I'm the director of creative here. like my role took a took a big different, you know, it has a different tone now with the with the algorithm. But the thing that I think is really awesome about this algorithm is that it helps those with better creative win. And I think that that is how we take this and use it to our advantage is that because Andromeda, what it does is it's so much better about learning what people do and the actions that they take and it's so much better at pulling that creative from the database and showing it to the right person that it kind of makes our job easier that if we're giving it the right things, it's going to do a better job for us before. And if we can take creative and make that our advantage, then uh then it's like AI to you know to the speed of sound right like we can use the powerful you know nature of this algorithm. It's not just something that we have to figure out or overcome or have to learn something new. It's an incredibly incredibly powerful tool that we can take advantage of. So that being said, let's dive into the action of the month. So, you got a sneak preview of this if you went to Smart Marketer Live. Just a plug for Smart Marketer Live. You all should make the trip out to Denver next year when we do it because this and way more valuable information is is is a is, you know, plentiful there. So, this is what I shared and this is what I'm going to share with you all today. There is a misconception that creative volume at any cost is the way to get performance in your ad account. Just like how 5 years ago it was a certain cost cap or it was a certain structure that was going to be the magic pill to get everything to work in your account. And what we're seeing is that some people are taking this advice of, hey, we need so much more creative. We need we need like 20 ads a week. And they're going nuts. And they're doing it. They're getting there. They're getting to that number at all cost. And what they've done is they've kind of thrown caution to the wind and they have lost touch of their message. They've lost touch on what's working and what's not. And yes, it's creative volume, but I call that creative noise because just like in any system, uh uh when you introduce noise, you have no idea what's going on. Your data becomes unreliable. And then we find ourselves back at square one every single week when we go to start creating ads because guess what? We didn't learn anything from the ads before. So, I'm going to teach you four steps on how to basically plan a round of creative. Like, this is literally my process as the creative director when I go to plan ads for our clients. This is exactly the process that I do. So, so take notes um and uh be ready. Save your questions. Um we'll get to we'll have time for questions at the end. So, step one, we're actually going to limit oursel to our best performing hook or two. If you can't choose just one, um, choose two. Now, you might be saying, "Whoa, I thought that Meta told us to pick a million different hooks and try a bunch of different angles and personas." Yes, that's true. What I'm saying in terms of hook here, hook is an interesting vocabulary word. I'm saying the marketing message that you've seen work most consistently. So, this is highlevel why you got into business. this is why you do what you do is to solve this problem. It's to offer this benefit to people. It's to change people's life this way. And you know, if you've been at the business you're at or if you own the business especially what that message is, limit yourself to that one message for this exercise and then we'll continue. And if you don't know this, if you don't know what your top performing marketing message is, stop here and go u look at the TMTP archives because this is the most important part, right? We're kind of doing this whole creative process assuming that you know this. So, so most important part is figure this out. Do some hook testing. Um read your customer reviews. Talk to your customers to see what that hook is if you don't know it. And then get get down the road of of of making the creative, right? Don't put the cart before the horse in terms of not knowing your messaging strategy before you move forward. So, step one, choose that best performing hook. And as an example, as a case study, I'm going to use Good Riddens, who is a creative client of ours. Um, they are an amazing familyowned Australian insect repellent. And I don't know if y'all know anything about Australia, but the mosquitoes will, you know, how they say like mosquitoes will like carry you away. Like they will literally like come up and like put you in a headlock and then like fly away. That's how big these mosquitoes are. So, a product that is absolutely necessary for the landscape of Australia. So, the differentiating factor about them and the best performing hook that we've seen is that yes, it is 100% natural and by that I mean it doesn't have harsh chemicals. It only uses natural chemicals. Um, no DE. That's the big thing. So, it's completely safe for everybody, safe for children, but it is still 100% effective. Not a whole lot of people can say that, right? Because usually you're you're you're choosing, yeah, I don't want to get bitten by mosquitoes. I know that I don't love spraying de all over myself, but and and ruining the environment, but I'm going to do it because I just don't want to get bit. And then other people who are like setting coffee grounds on fire or whatever those like, you know, witch doctor tricks are to get rid of mosquitoes and then they don't actually work. You know, you don't have to make that trade-off. They're saying that you can choose. You don't have to choose between safe and effective. And we've seen that hook work over and over and over. So, we're going to choose that one to start with for our exercise. So, step one, boom, we've got our hook. Check it off. Step two, we're going to create an experience around the hook by choosing from these variables that I'm going to share. And I use that word experience really intentionally because this is how I want you all to think about creatives in your ads. I want your thought process to be I have this message. There is this heart of my ad and this It's the same thing that is why we got into business. Basically, to use good riddance as an example, the heart of their business is we don't want people to suffer from harsh chemicals or mosquito bites. So, we have to invent a solution, right? You know what that is for your business. So, that is the message. Now, how do we create an experience around it? How do we create something by which people can experience that message? So, that's the creative, right? The creative is just an experience. And that language, I think, is really important for a reason that we'll talk about later. So, what are those variables? What are the different ways that our experiences can differ from each other? So, here's a great list of experiential variables. Screenshot this, write like this, send this to your creative people, use it yourself to come up with ideas. Um, there are a million and just starting with tone. I mean like tone is is a huge one. There's an infinite number of tones you can use in your ads. Like you know I' I've got a bunch listed here. Emotional is a great one to target people. You know if you have something that you know is something more you know on that emotional side. Um lightigh-hearted, serious, angry, like these are coming to mind and as you read this list like bookmark the ones that stand out to you like hey we should use these. Um another variable that you can change in your creative or in your experience is the setting. Where is it? Like literally in the visual, where is the message? Like where what is the setting of the ad? Is it inside, outside? Like if it's in a house, what does the house look like decor style? Like I would respond to a different decor style. I know this is this is not my ideal. This will all be renovated at some point, but don't so don't take like dark attic area as my decor style. It's much it's much much more expensive than this. I just don't have any money, right? So the I would respond to an ad differently that was in a certain type of decor than what you know somebody had like nope no offense to farmhouse people that's not myself but like you know a big farmhouse like you know h house style I wouldn't respond to that right so that actually like those are the little things that with Andromeda will actually impact the performance of your ads and then there's a bajillion other ones like number of people like just how many people in your ad cultural zeitgeist like literally what is going on in the cultural zeitgeist right now. Like you can pick out current events things, throw them into your ads and use your hook as a solution to a problem going on or to um you know align with somebody's values. Those setting is such another powerful experiential variable. Lastly on this list we have point of view. So this is like I'm sure what people think of when they think of you know making different uh ad types. So you have like first person things which are like you know speaking like from a person like this is me this is my story this is how I you know this is the UGC template right like how I changed my life in five days or you know that's a that's one we pretty much understand but there's also other perspectives like second person like hey speaking to you calling you out the person who's watching it here's what you should do or here's some education that you should take Those two ads, even though they could have the same hook, are really different. If I'm saying, "Hey, this is what I did." Or, "Hey, this is what you should do." Those are two completely different ads, right? And then lastly, you have like third person where it's like, "This is what happened to this person in general." It's like great for top offunnel educational ads. Um, all that stuff. And there's more. You know, if you're tired of hearing this, it's like you're probably not a creative person. Like the ideas are coming to you as you're going and you're thinking like, "Oh, we can make an ad that would do this or this or this." So, this is really important. Um, persona. This is one that you hear from Meta a lot, right? They're saying make personabased ads. And again, we'll kind of cover why they're saying that a little later. Um, but think about who is the character? That's another good word for it, I think, in terms of like in the story, what who is the main character in this u in in your creative? Is it the founder? We're seeing founder ads work really really well right now. employees, customers. Is it a first-time customer or a longtime customer? Like that matters, too. Like if you're trying to like, you know, drum up excitement, you might want to do an ad from a first-time customer. Like, hey, I just tried this and this is how it's going. Or I've or if you want to like, you know, instill trust. I've been using this for 10 years. I've been using Good Riddens for 10 years and it works and it works and it works. So these are these are just examples of how a persona can also um impact the whole makeup of your ad, right? Demographic. This is a pretty straightforward one, but I do want to mention this because Facebook literally like this is the power of Andromeda. Facebook understands and and will scan and know what people look like. Like Facebook knows about you. what type of videos like what demographic of person do you respond to the best in in your watching habits? And so we can make a great ad like say, "Hey, we got a UGC ad that works really really well. Let's try three different people in different demographics. Let's try an older person. Let's try younger person. Let's try a male if it's a if it's a female in the video. Let's try a female if it's a male in the video. let's let's switch up some of these things um to have Facebook allow allow the algorithm to reach new people. And the same is true with production style. It knows about you and I what production style of videos we like to watch. For me, it's usually funny and it's usually like super lowfi. So, I get a bunch of those videos. It's like your feed starts becoming more and more homogeneous, right? Like it starts to look like more and more of what you consume. our job is to just give Facebook a bunch of options to show people our ads that look like the stuff they want to consume. And so, um, for the exercise, just choose three, choose four of these experiential variables and list them out here. The ones that you think go together the best and the ones that you think, hey, we could do this. Like, this makes sense for us. Um, for the example of this test, I've came up with one that's like a nature scene that's tranquil, that's like a professional photography style, and that's educational. The hook is going to be educational. The second one is lighthearted, so maybe it's something a little more fun in a graphic form. Um, and it's going to be that second person like PSA, hey, check this out. Lastly, the the more emotional side, like a concerned um family situation where it's like, hey, this, you know, and this is all in the context of good riddens, like, hey, I'm concerned about my family and the dangers of chemicals and the dangers of mosquitoes. So, makes sense that I would choose a personal story and UGC. All these things kind of just fit together to tell a story, right? And one thing I want you to notice about this, about where we are in the journey of planning our creative round is that we have gotten to this point without mentioning a single technical var variable. Bonus points if you were already there and you were like, "Wait, he hasn't chosen image or video yet or placement or insert, fill in the blank, CBO, whatever." We have created three different completely unique creatives and we haven't even mentioned all the technical variables which are the things that you're familiar with and you when you probably think of creative diversity which are things like image versus video versus carousel placement XYZ length should my ads be short they be long like like should they be really really long they should be all of them um technical details like these are the things that people typically think of when they think of um diversity, but I'm going to tell you that it's the the the ones we talked about previously. It's the experiential variables that actually matter when it comes to um having creative diversity in your ad account, right? So, let's just choose some technical variables. This I think makes sense for an image. I think that the first test makes sense for an image. Professional image gonna be super easy for us to produce. That makes sense. A graphic is just always going to be easier for us to do in an an image. Let's do that. This one, the family story, I think it'd be pretty impactful if that came from a person. So, let's make that a video. Right? So, we're just kind of like plugging in and mixing and matching here. And so, taking a step back, here's exactly what we have. We have a hook, which is the overall marketing message, right? We chose that in step one. And then we have the experience which is a combination of those experiential variables and then the format right and voila when they combine when a hook and experience have a baby they make an ad right so here are the ads that actually came through the creative service based on this planning that we did based on this strategy that we put forth before. So the first ad you can see here it's tranquil it's in nature it's a professional style so it's like high production value and that hook is coming through here in safer effective right and there's also some also some really good stuff that's going on here like um I know this is may be really small on your screen but things like tested in cockadoo that's an authority claim like that is that is a claim to this is tested in the most mosquito like you know those mosquitoes that will like give you a noogie and like take your lunch money. That's like that they're from cockadoo. So using insider language here too. Um but really the hook is just you don't have to choose between being safe or effective. The second one um it says a safe defree did you know. First of all great headline. I know it's an ad format we all use but just use it as a headline. Just throw did you know out there and then people people will respond. Um, a safe de-free alternative has been proven to be just as effective. Um, it's light-hearted, right? Like we have a a mosquito graphic. Um, it'sformational. It's a PSA, but it's really the same hook. It's the same exact hook that hey, this thing that's not that doesn't contain DE that is safe for you to use. Um, it can be just as effective as, you know, those super harmful chemicals that you put on your body. And lastly, we have the UGC. This is the one that you all are thinking about probably when you think about making video ads. This is a a mother that hops on and says, "I was tired of my daughter getting bitten, but I didn't I didn't want to put all these nasty chemicals on their skin because the warning label for says like not safe for children under what? Why would not why would I use that on my kid?" Um, so that's the story that she's giving there. Again, very very very different ads. All three of them are way way different, but they all have the same hook, right? Like they are all basically the same um the same heart. [snorts] So the only thing that we're changing here is the combination of experiential variables. Like when you do an X-ray on this, all three of these ads are the same hook, the same heart, but the experience around them change changes, which will allow Meta to show it to different people who might respond for different reasons. And that's the power of the algorithm. So, we've got our tests done. We've got our images and our videos, all of our creatives are go ready to go. They're they're put in the test campaign and we test them. So, then what do we do from there, right? So, ding, ding, ding. We got a winner. All three of those ads are winners because I only choose the winners to to share. I don't share the lo I'll share losing ads if you message me individually. Maybe not. But here's the winners. So, this one was a winner. And again, what am I doing? I'm going to look at the variables that we tried here. So, what am I seeing? I'm seeing we're like, okay, this one is tranquil. This one is in nature. It's professional style. Um, it's educational. And there are no people in this ad. So when you think about persona, there's nobody here. So that's like that's a variable that we can really easily change. So I'm going to just take one literally just one of those variables and make a change, right? And in this one, I went from no people to human activity. Now you can see in this one there's an image of the backpacker. And now it's like a whole different uh this takes a whole different identity here because instead of like this serene nature scene, we've got a person not even like the full like literally just like somebody carrying a backpack and the good riddens and this one like it outperformed the first one. So, I mean it like it worked incredibly well as well. And all we did was change one tiny tiny little variable about the experience. And the superpower behind that is that we knew what to test for. It's not like we were just going willy-nilly and trying whatever message. We knew that message worked. Okay, now let's change um something else. Let's change like a little thing about the a new part of the experience. So, where do we go from there? Okay, now we got two winning ads. Fantastic. It's three months later. Those ads have been running for a while. They're fatiguing. Nobody cares. Where's the new Where's the new winners? Well, you just continue on. That's like you just can keep changing these tiny little levers. Um, like for instance, okay, these images both work. Let's create a UGC video around it. Let's make a video that is UGC style. and we have pretty good confidence it's going to work because we've seen over two different tests that these things the the the variables around it are are solid. So now we're going to change another one to see if we can get something diverse out of it to work. Let's take another image and just change human activity as the persona to human connection. So show a bunch of people around a campfire with good riddens sitting there and pretty high confidence that's going to work. that's going to reach an entirely different audience than the backpacking one because the backpacking one might be somebody who's like, "I'm a loner. I don't want anybody around, not even mosquitoes." And the human connection one is like somebody who says, "When I go camping, I've just want like I want to get rid of the bugs so I can be with my friends and hang out, right? That's those are two different totally different ads." And all we did was change one little thing. And the last one was it's just a style change. Like why don't we have a backpacker take a picture of Good Riddens with their backpack and and just take this same ad use a different production style and somebody who responds to like actual real life people content more is going to respond to that one better. Right? That's that's that's the power of changing small variables. So the the point here is with the right variable changes, small changes become big changes. And what I mean by that is I think the discourse has disproportionately emphas emphasized those um format variables those technical variables. I think people just because it's like easy conceptually to understand oh if I have a bunch of videos I should start doing images or oh I have a bunch of UGC I should start doing pro you know those are easy things to understand the deeper level in terms of human psychology behavioral science is these these experiential variables the things that actually change how we experience creative right things like persona setting point of view XYZ as he go down the line. That's how we as humans experience things differently. And that's not just ads. That's everything. That's TV shows you watch. That's interactions that you have with strangers. That's interactions that you have with your your partner, like you know, people you know really well. The setting changes everything. What the character is, like the power dynamics, that changes everything, right? Like this is just storyt. And now because we've taken all of this story elements and broken them down into variables we can test for that's creative strategy. And the point I want to make here is that this is why thinking of humans first when you think about creative is so powerful. Not thinking about the algorithm and how can I make this like ambiguous blackbox thing like you know like me enough to give me money through Facebook, right? That's not what we're doing. We want to think about the human on the other side of the creative first, right? So, the algorithm first strategy, I just want to make this super super clear. When you see, and if this is you or if you love these people like and they help you get ideas, great. But like when you see people online that are like like if you try, you know, 87 different like try these 87 ad formats and then you'll like your account will blow up. They're they're saying that because that's like the simple thing to understand and because maybe there will be some experiences in there in that set that connect with your audience. But guess what? If you're just taking formats from somebody randomly on the internet and then like something works, you're not going to know why it worked. You're not going to know how to multiply that success. Um the reason I have the blackbox imagery here is because this algorithm is complicated. Like I don't I don't pretend to understand it all. Meta probably doesn't even understand it all. It's it's it's literally learning itself. So it's unknowable. We know the function of it, but in terms of like the insides like nobody can know. What we can know are humans and what we do and how we experience things. And this is how your volume becomes diverse, right? Because the human on the other side, this is the fun fact is that like the human on the other side is actually directing the algorithm. Like the algorithm is not a living breathing human being that can decide what your ad performance should be. That's only humans. All the algorithm does is learn from humans and learn their patterns and then make its decision based on them. So the algorithm is looking at people first. We probably should too. So, the next time that you frantically, you know, sit [snorts] down and you're like, I gotta make 25 ads and I don't have any place to start, um, remember that volume for the sake of volume is just noise. It isn't going to help your ad account sustainably for you to sit down, scramble through with a scarcity mindset 20 different creatives a week. That is not going to be a long-term solution that's going to introduce noise into your um into your ad account. So, true creative volume is purposeful, meaning I am testing this for a reason. I have set up the variables and I can name them. Um, and then I know as to whether or not, you know, once I test something, I can see did that combination of variables work? Did it not? If so, what can I learn? It's directional. So, it's thinking, hey, I have a goal in mind. I have a goal with this creative that I want to see if this combination of variables works or I my goal my direction is I know this one works I want to see if I can change it a little bit and get something else new to work right so there's an there's a direction to it and lastly it speaks to humans and not to algorithms right like I said before the algorithm is really just learning from what people are doing and so if we're talking to it it's like hey uh I got you like like thank you. I'm trying to learn from this person. Like we need to learn from the people as well. So that is how literally like that's how we do it. That's how we come up with creatives and how we come up with like a consistent ad strategy. I think that is the most of it. We have uh a YouTube page that is popping off right now because um we've got my guy um Melo who um you I'm sure you all might have seen if you follow our other content. He's out there rocking some YouTube content. So is Pep. Um and really kicking that stuff off. So if you enjoyed, you can check out the YouTube channel. You can get all this stuff. It'll be clipped up. And um feel free to share with family and friends. Look at all this these happy people. Don't you wish you had this many friends? I do. Um that's that's pretty much it. Do we have questions? I know we're coming up on time, but um let's just get a couple of questions. if you've seen any good ones come through. >> Yeah. What's up, Ben? How are you doing? >> Oh, hello, John. Are you John from Texas? [laughter] >> One of my many monikers. Uh, and I was like, "Oh my gosh, I'm supposed to help Ben kick this call off or this call's running late, but sounds like I was pretty unnecessary." That was fantastic. Thank you. But, >> well, thank you. >> I do have a couple of questions for you pulled from the chat. One from Carlos. Um, so Facebook pushing for new creatives, but if one starts to decline, can you ever reuse it after a year or two and make it a new creative again? >> Absolutely. That is something that our media buyers do pretty frequently is that they're going back and seeing, you know, especially if it didn't work before the algorithm or if it worked before the algorithm changed and you haven't tried it again um since, take it and like not only run it, but also make a bunch of different variations of it. um that will try something new with it. So, pump them all into one adset and try try that for sure. But yes, that's a great idea. Um we our our media buyers do that a lot. >> One of our best plays for Black Friday, Cyber Monday last year was to actually take our best ads from earlier in the year and just slap some kind of holiday banner or headline on it. Huge, huge winner. So, definitely something we recommend. >> But I had kind of a take on that question I wanted your thought on that I feel like is particularly Ben E, which is okay. Okay, you're taking over a new account to do creative. How do you go back and kind of analyze past ads to try to figure out like, okay, what do I think? You do such a good job of breaking this into those variables. What is your process to kind of go back and analyze past stuff to try to figure out what worked and give you a jumping off point. >> Yeah, that's a really good that's a really good question. Um, I look at past ads. I kind of look at the whole picture. Um, one thing that I think that may be even more impactful than just past ads, because past ads are good, but they only tell you what has been tried. They don't tell you necessarily what hasn't, unless you see the whole the whole picture. One thing that I really look at before, you know, when we're starting with a new client, and I have a deep research prompt for this, but like it will help me pull all the possible creative reviews that I possibly can, and that really helps me hear from the horse's mouth exactly as to like what are the things that they report as seeing the benefit of like, okay, I tried this thing, it accomplished exactly what I was hoping for. It didn't. what what are the big pain points and stuff that we should try and then I go back and say like okay from what the customers have said I have an idea of what I want to try has it been tried if so it probably has if so in what formats and which ones worked and which ones didn't because I know then okay I've eliminate I've eliminated the variable the message like I'm pretty confident in the message because 67% of reviews said something along that fact so or along along that line so I'm like okay that's a good message, then I can eliminate that from from basically my analysis and say, "Okay, what creative formats worked?" Okay, for that first round when we're starting with a client, I'm going to lean heavy on what has worked in the past because we want to start out like start out in the gate um getting some wins and then once we have like a good stable performance, we'll try different stuff. But um I long-winded answer, but basically look at the customer like see how close you can get to their brain and see what matters to them. See what has and hasn't been tried and then just kind of connect the dots and go from there. >> Love it. And hey, Ben, people came for the wind. So go ahead and just blow it. Long-winded answers are good answers. So don't don't worry on that. >> That that that definitely benefits my talk style. >> Mine too. Uh, Sydney said, "On meta, do we have to disclose that we've used AI in the ad creative?" >> No, you do not. Um, sometimes sometimes people do. That is optional as of now, but no, you do not. I would be careful. It's not to say they're just like, "Hey, um, go nuts and um try to mislead people with AI UGC." UC is the big one, right? Because again, it's all about like what are we promising? um when we get into um promising things that is are misleading in terms of like so like this is my face um before and after using this skinincare if I'm using AI for that and and I'm trying to pass it off as real that's where you're going to run into issues ethically and also you know with like actual punishable um you know results but if you're saying this is what my face looked like before and after using the skin cream and on one side it's like you know there's literal like pizza pepperonis on your face and then on the right it's like Kim Kardashian it's like that is you're not promising that as a real um result so so it's obviously AI obviously something um that doesn't need a disclosure but 99% of the time no I don't think I would just say don't do that >> nice uh Aiden said what software are we using for AI voiceover 11 Labs is fantastic. It's it's so good. Um you can not only like go on there and pick, you know, we have clients all over the world. We need an Australian voiceover. It does fantastic with that. Um but you can upload if you have like you know say you gave a presentation in mentor table and talked for like an hour at like a hundred words per minute or or for smart marketer show then you can take that recording put it into 11 labs and then I could just um actually this is just an AI uh bot of Ben that I did that from last year's. So this is me actually just giving it it just so happened to really relate to every question you had in general. So it's so it's really good. >> Oh the future is wonderful. Uh, okay. Last question from Aaron is, "Does the strategy with having 150 or so hooks on kind of three meat of the ads still work? It hasn't been working for them." >> So, the the analogy here is that like um we're basically the meat being like this works like one thing works and we just want to go at it from 150 different ways. >> Is that how you understand? >> Oh, yes. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. That was such a good reframe. I assume that was a statement in the question, but yeah. So, you've got something that's working and you're changing out the front of it over and over and over again. They're saying that that kind of died for them. So, are we using that? >> Yeah. >> What do you think about that strategy broadly? >> Let me go back to um I'm still sharing my screen here. Let me go back to um this framework here. When I look at >> So, it depends on what you mean by hook, right? Because these are all of the same hook to me. Now I'm saying marketing message. The overall messaging behind um this this product like this is why they they got into business is to solve this problem. These are just three different hooks in the same meat. And yes, that is the strategy that we use more so than anything. Like we're trying new hooks, but I would say like especially post um post algorithm update 7030 I mean maybe even 80 20 iterations in terms of these iterations. Now, Facebook would see these as net new. They're really iterations of the same hook in my opinion. Um, Facebook again seeing these as net new. So, it depends on what you're saying. If you're trying a bunch of things that are like just this one little image here, um, and you're trying the same headline over it 150 times and video >> ad specifically. >> Yeah, I think the same thing is true for video. if you're just trying um you know switching out the first three seconds in the same body of the video like that isn't as it's not as effective maybe anymore as it used to be like they have to look and feel differently but yeah so that's so that's kind of the thing they have to look and feel differently um than each other because Facebook is is better than ever at sniffing that out like you know if just the first 3 seconds are different and the rest of the video is the same. It's going to be a similar type of person. Again, thinking not towards the algorithm, but thinking towards the person, the type of person that responds to that video is going to be pretty similar. So again, it's going to target the same audience. It has to feel a little different. And again, the the way that we do that is by changing the experience. But great question. I mean, that's like that's why it's such a like honestly with this stuff, 99% of the battle is vocabulary. Um, if just knowing like exactly what Facebook is considering new, what's a hook, what's an angle, what's a message, like that that part is really confusing and and I totally I think that question is shared by a lot of people. >> Yeah, then the the words are a big kind of contention point, but I think the general principle you've covered is super super good for this. So, breaking it down is smart. Um, cool. Well, I think that's all the questions we got time for. Uh, you know, I'll do the old song and dance the dance us out of here. But, uh, first I got to say big thank you, Ben. Fantastic. I love this presentation. And I think it's like creative is the play in 2026. But a hard part of it is right like not everybody's going to whip out a canvas and just paint the next Monae. It's hard. It's really complicated to say, how do I get started? Um, and you do such a good job of breaking that into kind of chunks. And I think really everyone using that playbook of how do I get away from just saying image versus video that's my differentiation to what are the pieces here that we've got? What are the building blocks is I think a really really great start. So definitely high on this for uh businesses of all shapes and sizes next year. I mean we're kind of double tripling quadrupling down on creative in the agency because we just see uh it's a big place to go and I love having this framework to start and I hope you guys steal it and use it. Uh, also want to give a shout out to Webinar. Aiden, amazing. Um, Aryan does such a good job. I really, really appreciate all of his help. We are loving doing the Smart Marketer Show. We love getting to see you all every single uh, month. Uh, you know, back again next year. I think we're going to be pumping this up in 2026. So, if you guys are interested in setting something like this up in your business, wbnr.co. Absolutely fantastic, wonderful experience from top to bottom. Um, and then last shout out I want to give to Omnisend, one of our big partners this year. uh we've done a lot with them, email marketing, but so much more SMS. Um you know, I think it's something where it's like it's nice to play with people who've got some skin in the game, right? A lot of the big players have really taken on a lot of investor money and so they love to play that price raise game. With Omnis, we really feel good about kind of promoting and sharing them because they've got a lot of tools just like the big boys, but they are self-funded, self-started, 150,000 brands using them kind of across the world. So, really fun. And if you're interested in learning more about it, ping me or uh check out omnis.comsmart. Um, we'll be back again next month. One more to close out the year. I don't know what the plan is, but you know, I know what plays well in December. It's kind of that year-end wrap-up content. So, I'm sure we'll have some cool stuff where we uh, you know, pull together some of the biggest lessons, some stats, a few figures. So, hopefully you all join us again for that. And uh, yeah, I think that's all on our side. Any last thoughts from you, Benjamin? >> No, that's it. Thanks for thanks for having me. It's a it's a pleasure. Thank you all for your questions. Super super fun, engaged audience and uh y'all are the best. Awesome. Well, that's all from the Smart Marketer side. Thanks so much everybody. Wonderful to see you all and we'll catch you again next month. >> See you guys. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @maxsperanza: bro you gotta make these videos worse so. i dont need to gatekeep

- The Small Creator’s Blueprint : Algorithm Hacks Straight from YouTube Gurus: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome back to the Deep dive it seems like every YouTuber wants to figure out the algorithm right oh yeah absolutely and you're no different which is why you requested this deep dive you want more views more subscribers and who doesn't right exactly so we're going to try to help you reverse engineer a viral hit today sounds good we've got a ton of great advice insights from experts oh yeah like Tu budy decoding YT Channel makers vid IQ AI profit Mentor we've even got Dan the Creator and Mr beast making appearances in the source material wow impressive so we're going really deep today we're going beyond the surface level we're not just going to say post consistently or make good content yeah we all know that we're going beyond that we're figuring out what really makes YouTube tick love it so before we even think about beating the algorithm we have to understand what it's trying to do right what is its goal well it's not just about getting views for videos it's really about keeping people on the platform clicking from one video to the next you know getting them coming back for more so it's not just about one person watching one of my videos one time no no it's about getting them hooked on YouTube as a whole exactly a YouTube employee actually said that their measure of success is whether users come back for more it's not just about one time views oh wow interesting yeah it's fascinating okay so how does my channel fit into all of this well Channel makers came up with this really great analogy about the channel lens versus the audience profile okay and your channel lens is kind of your vision for your channel right it's like the topics you want to cover and then the audience profile is what YouTube thinks your channel is about based on your content and the way viewers are behaving so there's a chance those two things might not be the same totally and if your content is all over the place it can take YouTube a long time to figure out what your a profile is and that's why sometimes creators think that the algorithm hates them but it's just that like YouTube needs a lot of data to try to understand what's going on that makes me think of those small channels that have one video that blows up and their other videos get hardly any views exactly you know you might think that viral videos are always a good thing yeah of course but if that viral video isn't really aligned with the rest of your content it can actually hurt your channel wait so a viral video could be a bad thing it can be in the long run because think about it YouTube is trying to build this audience profile uhhuh and if it's sending you all these viewers who aren't actually interested in what you normally do it can really throw things off oh wow and mo Mike Chamberlain he called it the pump and dump strategy okay he was saying that like he had this new channel and one of his videos blew up he got like millions of subscribers wow and then they all disappeared because his content was too broad so it's better to have a smaller audience that really cares about what you're doing than a huge audience that doesn't care 100% quality over quantity right so what about getting views from you know the homepage and recommendations is that the best strategy especially when you're starting out well those are important but search can be even more powerful when your Channel's smaller oh interesting because when someone goes and searches for something specific on YouTube the algorithm's main f focus is just delivering what's relevant you know it's less about the audience profile and more about like just giving people what they search for so if I make a video that's answering a question someone's likely to search for right it has a better chance of showing up exactly Channel makers said that um focusing on those really specific questions can be a good way to get the algorithm to pay attention to you early on oh cool okay that makes sense what about social proof oh yeah we all know that we're more likely to click on a video that has thousands of views so how does a small Channel compete with that that's true social proof is powerful but the good news is it seems like how many views you need varies depending on what kind of content you're making really so like for educational content you know it looks like you need about 10,000 views before social proofs really starts to make a difference but for entertainment you might need like a 100,000 wow that's a big difference yeah huge difference Okay so we've talked about the algorithm's goals Channel lens versus audience profile viral videos search and social proof uhhuh so what's next what else do we need to know well let's talk about the binge Loop okay have you ever found yourself like on YouTube for hours just clicking from video to video absolutely yeah it's like falling down a rabbit hole totally and that's the binge Loop right okay and successful creators they're really good at using this uhhuh and there are different techniques like ending a video on a cliffhanger creating playlists of related videos using those end screens to promote their other content so it's not just about like one individual video no not at all it's about creating this experience that just keeps people watching and the more videos someone watches on your channel the more data YouTube gets about what they like right and the more likely it is to start recommending you to other people who have similar taste okay that makes sense yeah but how do I know what to focus on you know in terms of content how do I find those golden nuggets that people actually want to watch well that's where it gets really interesting it's all about figuring out what consistently performs well for you okay okay think of it like mining for gold you got to dig around and find those veins of content that your audience really loves how do I know where to start digging though research you got to look at other creators who are successful in your Niche okay what are their most popular video formats what topics are they covering how do they structure their content and then you know try those formats see what happens on your channel see what people respond to so I'm not just copying them I'm taking what they're doing yeah and then kind of making it my own adapt it for my audience right and vid IQ talked about this guy Ryan Tran he's a popular YouTuber yeah and he really found success with these challenge Style videos huh interesting so it's about finding that unique thing that really works for you this reminds me of something Brian G Johnson talks about a lot which is making content quickly yes not getting bogged down in perfectionism he's right because you can get caught up in trying to make everything perfect but sometimes the best content is the stuff you make quickly totally so focus on delivering value don't be afraid to experiment okay the more you create the more you learn all right so we've talked about finding your golden vein of content making it quickly but what what about getting people to actually watch it the intro intros are key right because people have such short attention spans yeah true you've really got to grab him in those first few seconds so true and April and alter she talks about this idea of the killer intro you know uhhuh yeah she's big on that and what's interesting is she talks about this concept called input bias input bias yeah it's this idea that people value content more when they can see that effort went into it oh interesting so she uses the example of Mr Beast Okay and like he actually changes the visuals every 1.4 seconds in his intros wow that's crazy just to keep people's attention wow so it's really about making those first few seconds as captivating as possible so if I nail the intro I'm like on my way to winning over the algorithm and the viewers exactly CU it all comes back to that viewer satisfaction okay we've talked about a lot of stuff about hooking viewers in creating great content but let's switch gears for a second and talk about consistency okay is it really that important to post on a regular schedule um that's a good question and it's something that a lot of creators struggle with yeah you know some experts are like you got to be consistent you got to post on a schedule right but others are like algorithm doesn't really care yeah so it's hard to know right yeah it is and two buddy you know they actually presented some data that showed there's like a pretty strong correlation between how often you upad okay and how many subscribers you gain huh so more videos equals more subscribers well it's not quite that simple because just because two things are correlated doesn't mean that one causes the other right right but it's interesting you know it is so is it more about like finding a balance I think so it's about finding a rhythm that works for you for your audience for the kind of content you're making you don't want to burn yourself out trying to post every day yeah definitely it means that the quality of your videos is going to suffer right so even if it's just like once a week or every other week you know having that predictable schedule can really help it's like building a habit right totally for you and for your viewers okay so that's consistency yep another thing I've heard a lot of experts talk about is the need to always be researching oh yeah constantly looking at what other successful creators are doing right analyzing their every move yeah it's like it can get a little over overwhelming it can it feels like you're always playing catchup you know yeah for sure but I think you know while it's good to do your research and know what's working for the people right you can't just copy them right you have to find what makes you unique your special sauce yeah exactly and vid IQ brought up a good point about this oh yeah they were talking about clickthrough rates you know which are obviously important right yeah but they were saying if you focus too much on just getting people to click yeah you might actually attract the wrong audience really people who click but then they don't actually watch the video oh so it's a balancing act so your thumbnail and your title have to be interesting enough to get people to click right but they also have to be honest yeah so you're not like tricking people into clicking on something exactly that's not what it's about no you want to deliver on those promises you know wait and vid IQ also talked about retention hacks like techniques for keeping people watching once they've clicked things like you know opening loops and storytelling and Cliffhangers so it's not just about the click it's about keeping them hooked once they're there exactly you've got to keep them engaged the whole way through okay and speaking of keeping people engaged remember AI profit Mentor talking about the importance of good audio and visuals oh yeah right like whether you're using your own voice or a voice over program just making sure the audio is clear and easy to listen to like it's a big difference huge difference and then also like visually making sure your videos are well lit and engaging right right and they also suggested getting feedback from other people oh that's a good idea because sometimes it's hard to be objective about our own work you know yeah totally so getting a fresh perspective can be really helpful Okay so we've covered a lot we have but there's one more piece we need to talk about oh monetization uh yes the big yeah so how do we make sure the algorithm helps us achieve this well monetization is a complex Beast right and things are always changing true but I think one thing that always remains true is that you need to be creating high quality content that attracts a large and engaged audience so basically I need to build a following of people who actually care about what I'm doing exactly because they're all sorts of ways to monetize like sponsorships affiliate marketing selling merch yeah but none of that matters if you don't have have that core audience right they're the foundation exactly they are the foundation so we've talked about a ton of stuff today I know it's a lot we've talked about the algorithm's goals Channel lens versus audience profile viral videos search social proof yep the binge Loop finding your golden vein of content creating quickly killer intros consistency viewer satisfaction retention hacks wow we really have covered it all I think so impressed we even talked about monetization we did but before we wrap up there's one piece of advice that like every single expert we looked at agreed on really what's that don't get too caught up in the algorithm itself oh interesting yeah they all said like at the end of the day right it's about making content that your audience loves that makes sense the algorithm is just a tool and understanding it's important but it shouldn't be your only focus I like how Dan the Creator put it oh yeah he said to like swap the word algorithm with the word audience oh that's good because that's what it's all about right it's about providing value building a community around your content so if I keep that in mind if I put my viewers first then I'm on the right track you're on the right track the algorithm's complex yeah but you can make it work for you right if you understand its goals and you focus on giving people what they want okay we covered a ton of information today we did but I want to leave you with this okay think about everything we've talked about today right uh the algorithm's goals finding your golden vein of content making a killer intro building that binge Loop right it's a lot it can feel overwhelming it can but you don't have to do everything at once no of course not so I want you to think okay what's one small change you can make to your next video I like that based on what we've learned today yeah could you tighten up your channel lens a little bit okay could you experiment with a new video format yeah could you end with a cliffhanger ooh good one you know right and just see what happens yeah just try something exactly because even small changes can add up over time that's the beauty of YouTube you know it's a constant learning process Yeah the more you create the more you learn exactly and who knows maybe your next video will be the one that takes your channel to the next level that's what we're hoping for all right so that's it for this deep dive into the YouTube algorithm h I'm exhausted me too but in a good way yeah it was fun it was so until next time keep creating keep learning and keep those views coming exactly it's kind of funny when you think about it what's that we talk about this algorithm like it's some big mystery right yeah it feels that way sometimes like this all powerful thing but it's really just a reflection of us oh I see what you mean like the viewers right it's learning from our Behavior what we watch what we see skip always changing too right yeah constantly evolving so we're kind of all shaping the algorithm huh interest every time we click on something every time we watch something like something comment on something so it's not just about trying to like outsmart it or something I don't think so it's more about understanding what people want exactly like what makes them tick yeah human psychology yeah and I think that's where like the creativity comes in the storytelling the authenticity that's what really keeps people coming back yeah making something special something that really connects and then the algorithm kind of becomes your friend right because it sees that people like what you're doing exactly and it's like okay I'm going to show this to more people so to wrap things up what's the one thing you want our listener to take away from this deep dive I think it's just like don't overthink it you know yeah just focus on making something you're passionate about right something you believe in something that you think is valuable and trust that the algorithm will figure it out exactly just put your energy into your content it's a marathon not a Sprint that's a good way to put it so keep creating keep learning and keep refining your craft yeah you'll get there and who knows maybe this was the moment where everything clicked for you I hope so well thanks for joining us on this deep dive into the YouTube algorithm this was fun yeah it was learned a lot me too until next time keep those cameras rolling

- ICT Twitter Highlight - Market Makers, the Algorithm, and the Inner Circle: Kind: captions Language: en institutional Market structure there is no book on it Goldman Sachs boys don't know it nobody else knows it I've taught it okay because I pulled it out of the logic that the algorithm itself utilizes when it books price I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you believe me because I'm using it every single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] day into the tick precision and I'm sorry I gotta let it out sometimes because I'm tired of seeing Jokers pretending that their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is what makes these markets go up and where they go to it's all horseshit it's doing something that it's mathematically calculating at specific elements based on what what's the what's the primary driver here the Market's going to go up to those relative equal highs which is exactly what I teach you to focus on initially when you're learning with me you have to know where those areas reside first trying to teach this kind of lesson without you understanding why those two equal highs or relative equal Highs at 20 and why orders should reside about that I would be unsuccessful in trying to teach that this would be like this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't know I'm not going to spend the time trying to learn this but now because you know what relative equal highs have above it which is what buyside liquidity you want to know what's going on what's the science what's the technical [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] science why the Market's going to go above that where's it going well here you go the technical science ICT delivers there's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] algorithm folks it's literally booking price based on what I'm showing you here it's not in books but you have to start where Ground Zero understand where liquidity is that's going to act as a draw or a magnet on price if it's going to go up why is it going to go up there there's orders up there has nothing to do with any other Mickey Mouse [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] patterns that may be below that that's your religion that's what that is you have a cult-like mindset if you believe in supply and demand Elliott wave harmonic patterns animal patterns trend lines moving average crossovers that none of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is the Catalyst for why price went up there the orders resting above those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] highs that's the real reason why there's no other reason why zero you honestly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] believe that these investment banks these large funds these firms out there are literally swinging on the hopes and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] prayers of these animal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] harmonic patterns you really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] believe that like really there's billions of dollars being shuffled every day and you think honestly you think that that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is what they're using these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people laugh at that stuff because it's nonsense it's the equivalent of the same thing as the last time my elbow was aching the market went down I'm gonna be a short seller today it's it's the equivalent of that there has to be scientific something tangible behind it and you may not agree with an algorithm being here you may not agree but that's what's really going on put that aside put that aside for a moment is this not more palatable if I'm showing you how to use Market structure in a lesson I've already taught institutional Market structure I'm showing you an advanced version of that using the logic as to why I called live in yesterday's afternoon PM session some of you just don't like me and that's the wrestling Point some of you don't like me because you can't keep up with me because you're an educator and trying to sell [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you want to try to kick [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in my face and try to Mar my image and so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all that I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're not stopping nothing but you're wasting time and energy because you could learn how to do this and be better and never have to thank me for it you're wasting your time I'm not wasting mine I'm not do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is my stuff I codified this stuff you're all benefiting from your winning trades because of what I've done you want to know why I haven't when not to do it that's what I'm teaching you this year stop worrying about all the other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Frankygotdatbag [12 likes]: What's crazy is AS SOON as I just LISTENED to ICT and started loooking at where the most stop losses would be every day week & month I started seeing the charts TOTALLY different...
  2. @Typicallytrade [3 likes]: In whic video he spoke about that?
  3. @amarabeee3104 [2 likes]: One thing you have us covered! Nice.
  4. @Ash_kingkingking: nice try to utter the things which sound edgy .....just bcoz price action isn't working shift to your way of trading seems convincing but illogical at the same time cozx u havent cracked it yet too..if your win rate is 60% though the Some Price action trader ,Some psycholgy base trader etc etc
  5. @moronnaphop: This's micheal speak ?
  6. @veryveryCorrect: Damn... Twitter ict swears a lot 😂
  7. @viniciussouza2021: A LOT of ICT stuff says is real. But there's a bunch of BS  too. Just like every other "teacher" out there. Yes, candle patterns is BS, Al Brooks is a failed guy, indicators are a financial suicide machine , but, listen up, everyone out there trying to teach you stuff is a crook. There's a million ways to  make money on TA . I found mine. And its not complex. Its just something I realized after years of trying. And no...I would NEVER try to sell it or create an toutube channel or course. My tip is: learn something that works in a small time frame.  Im not saying 1m charts . Thats BS too. But , for retail traders, the only thing that works shouldn't take more than a few minutes because after all, NO ONE, Im mean, NO ONE knows where price is gonna go.
  8. @john_sparks: Sir, I apologize for this stupid question.  But I just found your channel. I'm going through watching every single video. I love what you're teaching so far. Do you sell a signal service for the Silver Bullet or other trades? I'm a 67 year old retired American advertising exec now living in the Philippines with a new wife and a 6 month old baby. I traded forex for a couple years around 2009 when I lost 20k in the most stupid, over confident, emotional screw up you could ever imagine. I have not traded since that night (yes, I was foolishly trading on the asia session cause I thought I was some kind of technical genius). Now I realise I was just a fool reading meaningless candle patterns. I want to learn your methodology. I need to build some wealth for my son. I want to learn but I also have great interest in learning as I trade, but yes, with only a 1k account or something at the start. Is there a way I can get access to your live trades?
  9. @pejoly2: The guy telling the truth is usually the one taking the most flak. Anyone playing in the big sandbox has been indoctrinated to follow the rules or they get crushed. Even Kramer said it is all manipulated. Here I go. Politics, religion, medicine, sports, hollywood, school, business, life, and yes the stock market, are all manipulated. They want to hypnotize you so they don't have to risk force controlling you, they just say the word and the puppets comply. You are one of the few telling the truth, stay safe.

- Top 5 Essential Tips Every YouTube Creator Needs to Know #education #youtubeshorts #reels: Kind: captions Language: en এআই (AI) মানে হচ্ছে কৃত্রিম বুদ্ধিমত্তা। এর মাধ্যমে মেশিনগুলো মানুষের মতো চিন্তা করার ক্ষমতা অর্জন কর

- How to Make Learning as Addictive as Social Media | Duolingo's Luis Von Ahn | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So, I'm from Guatemala. This is a public service announcement, that is where Guatemala is. (Laughter) Also, that is not where they keep the prisoners. That is called Guantanamo. Not the same place. So Guatemala's right below Mexico. And for the Americans in the audience, and let this sink in, because it really applies in most ways, for the Americans in the audience, you can think of it as Mexico's Mexico. Just like the US doesn't want illegal immigration from Mexico, Mexico doesn't want illegal immigration from Guatemala. It's a smaller country. It's a poor country. And well, what can I tell you, it has much better Mexican food. Guatemala is a very poor country. And a lot of people talk about education as something that brings equality to different social classes. But I always saw it as the opposite, as something that brings inequality. Because what happens in practice is that people who have a lot of money can buy themselves a really good education and therefore continue having a lot of money. Whereas people who don't have very much money barely learn how to read and write and therefore never make a lot of money. And this is especially true in poor countries. Now, I was fortunate that I received a rich person's education even though I didn't grow up rich. And it’s because I’m an only child. And my mother, who was a single mother, spent all of her resources on my education. And this allowed me to come to college to the US and eventually get a PhD in computer science. Now because of all of this about 10 years ago, I decided I wanted to do something that would give equal access to education to everyone. Oh, by the way, this is what I want to talk to you about today, giving equal access At the time, I was a professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University, and I decided to work on this with my PhD student, Severin. The way my brain works, all of education is just too general of a problem. So I decided, let's start by teaching one thing. And then I started thinking, OK, well, what should we teach first? Should we teach math? I mean, we both love math. Me and my cofounder, we both love math. And, you know, we didn't decide to do math. Then we started thinking, well, maybe we should teach computer science. But eventually, and this is maybe surprising to people in North America, eventually, we decided that the best subject to start with was teaching foreign languages. And let me tell you why. There's a number of reasons. One of them is that there's a huge audience for it. There’s about two billion people in the world learning a foreign language, both in school and outside of schools. Most of these people, by the way, are learning English. About 80 percent of them In this weird map right here, all the countries in green are countries in which people are predominantly learning English. And the reason for that is because English can truly transform your life. In most countries in the world, knowledge of English can significantly increase your income potential. So this is another reason why we decided to start with foreign languages. And it's because you can directly make more money if you learn another language, in particular English. And see, this is pretty different than many other subjects. For example, take math. In the case of math, just knowledge of math does not increase your income potential because usually you have to learn math to then learn physics to then become a civil engineer, that's how you make more money. Whereas with languages, if you are a waiter and you learn English, now you can be a waiter at a hotel and make more money. So we decided, well, let's get started by teaching languages. Now, we also convinced ourselves that the only way to really reach a lot of people was by using a mobile phone, or a smartphone in particular. See, building schools all over the world is simply too expensive. On the other hand, most of the world's population already has access to a smartphone, and the trend is that that fraction is only going to increase. So we decided at the time that we would make a way to learn foreign languages on a mobile phone that was accessible to everyone. And then we called it Duolingo. Thank you. (Applause) Now in order to truly be accessible to everyone, rich and poor, Duolingo uses a freemium model to support itself. What that means is that you can learn as much as you want without ever having to pay. But if you don't pay, you may have to see an ad at the end of a lesson. Now, if you don't like ads, you can also pay to subscribe to turn off the ads. And it turns out that the vast majority of the revenue for Duolingo comes from people who pay to subscribe to turn off the ads. Now, who are these people who pay to subscribe to turn off the ads? Well, they're usually well-off people in rich countries like the US and Canada. Who are the people who don't pay to subscribe? They usually come from poorer countries like Brazil or Vietnam or Guatemala. So what I like about this model is that it is a small form of wealth redistribution because we're basically getting the rich people to pay for the education of everyone. So I like that. So with smartphones, we can reach a lot of people and we can even get the rich people to pay for the whole thing, which is great. However, if you're trying to deliver education with a smartphone, you run into a humongous problem. And it is that smartphones come equipped with some of the most addictive drugs that humanity has ever engineered. TikTok, Instagram, mobile games. See, delivering education over a smartphone is like hoping that people will eat their broccoli, but right next to it, you put the most delicious dessert ever made. If you really want to deliver education to everyone, not only do you have to make it accessible, but also you have to make it so that people want to actually learn. And with Duolingo, we've been able to do this. And at the highest level, the way we've done this is by making the broccoli taste like dessert. I'll say it another way. What we've done is that we've used the same psychological techniques that apps like Instagram, TikTok or mobile games use to keep people engaged, but in this case, we use them to keep people engaged but with education. Let me give you some examples of these techniques. One of the most powerful ones is the notion of a streak. What a streak is, is it’s just a counter that measures the number of days that you've used the product consecutively. You just take that number, you put it very prominently in your product and then people come back every day. And the reason people come back every day is because, well, if they don't come back, that number resets to zero and people don't want to lose their streak. It works. Now, on the one side, streaks have been criticized for, for example, getting teens addicted to Snapchat. But in the case of an educational app, streaks get people to come back to study every day. Now, to give you an idea of the power of streaks, in the case of Duolingo, we have over three million daily active users that have a streak longer than 365. That means they haven't missed a day in the last year or longer. Now, fun fact about streaks. What country do you think has the longest average streaks for an educational app? It's Japan. Of course. Shortest-ever streaks? Latin America, baby. But we're fun, hey, we're fun. Another important mechanism to get people to come back to your product are notifications. On the one side, notifications can be really spammy and annoying, but in the case of an educational product, people actually want to be reminded to learn. In the case of Duolingo, we have a very sophisticated AI system that basically chooses when to send the notification and also what to say in each notification to maximize the probability that people come back. Now, interestingly, even after all this sophistication, it turns out that the algorithm for choosing what time to send you a notification is pretty simple. Do you know what is the best time to send people a notification? I'll tell you. It's 24 hours after they used the product last. There's an easy explanation. If you were free yesterday at 3pm, you’re probably free today at 3pm as well. So this is what a very sophisticated millions of dollars of AI found. It's funny. Now with notifications you shouldn't be spamming. And we're not spamming, with Duolingo, we actually stop sending notifications after seven days of inactivity. So if you don't use Duolingo for seven days, we stop sending you notifications. Now, at some point it occurred to us, if we're stopping to send people notifications, we should let them know. So we started sending this notification to people saying, "Hey, these reminders don't seem to be working. We'll stop sending them for now." You know what people do when they get this notification? They come back. Passive aggressive. Works for my mother, works for Duolingo. (Laughter and applause) These passive aggressive notifications are really good at getting people to come back back because they feel like our green owl mascot has given up on them, so they come back. And speaking of our green owl mascot, by the way, because all our notifications come from our green owl mascot and well, he's passive aggressive and also pretty pushy, this has given rise to a lot of memes on the internet that make fun of the great lengths that he will go through to get you back to learn a language. Here's one of my favorite ones. This is it's a meme, it’s one of my favorite ones. Basically looks like you forgot your Spanish lessons. And then there's an intruder alert, presumably the owl broke into your house to get you to learn language. Now, Duolingo has entered the zeitgeist. And there's thousands of memes, there's SNL skits about it. And it's because we've managed to get people to want to learn a language by using the same techniques that mobile games and social media use to get people engaged. And this is a really important point, let me say this. I don't actually believe that there's a way to make an educational app be as engaging as something like TikTok or Instagram or mobile games. But the good news is that -- And by the way, the reason I don't believe that is because ultimately you have to teach people something. And it's hard to compete with, like, cats and celebrities. But the good news is that I don't think you have to. See, here's the thing. When you're learning something, you get meaning out of it. Whereas when you're scrolling for two hours on Instagram, a lot of times afterwards, you feel like you just wasted your time. So I think it's actually OK if your educational product is only 80 or 90 percent as engaging as something like TikTok, because the other 10 or 20 percent will be provided by people's internal motivation, though of course, not much more than that. This is really a key point. If we want to get people to do something meaningful, you can use the same techniques that apps like social media use to get people to do it. And even if you're not as engaging as those apps are, you can still get hundreds of millions of people to use your product. In the case of Duolingo, for example, there are more people learning languages on Duolingo in the United States than there are people learning languages across all US high schools combined. And this is true in most countries in the world. My hope is that -- I know we can do this, but, you know, my hope is that as humanity, we can do what Duolingo has done for learning languages but for all other subjects. Where we can get people to learn math with mobile phones, like millions of people to learn math with mobile phones or physics or whatever. I hope for a future in which screen time is not a bad thing, in which we can deliver high-quality education to everyone, rich or poor, using a mobile phone. But the single most important thing that I can end this talk with, is a reminder to please, pretty please, I beg you, do your language lessons today. Thank you very much. Helen Walters: Luis, thank you so much. I wonder if you can just say a little bit more about that last point, how do you think you can apply this type of thinking to other subjects? So you mentioned math, and things like that. How do you do that? Luis von Ahn: I think in particular, subjects that are learned through repetition and it turns out most things that are kind of really meaningful are learned through thousands of repetitions. You learn to read through repetition, you learn elementary school math through repetition. Most things that you can learn through repetition, you can actually gamify and turn into something like Duolingo, where people just do it a lot and do it fun. It's a little harder for things like explanations. That probably is going to require some really good videos. Sal Khan is doing a really good job with that. But for things that require a lot of repetition, I think we can use the same methods.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fernando_ted [1 likes]: We just watched an entire 13 minutes add
  2. @OgisJatta-e7n [1 likes]: Heading to my Duolingo lesson😍
  3. @Sir_PatrickAchuo: wow that was super inspiring!!
  4. @bedgetclef: Duolingo ads by the founder 😂
  5. @sakuukat8672: I want reminder guys 🎉
  6. @tanyagupta9937: I really loved the notifications part . Such a passively fun way to get learners keep on learning .
  7. @adrianortiz6460: This guy is a genius
  8. @lucieVSG: Best ted ever, really. What a guy he must be in life. Cheers to you, I'm to download the app !
  9. @SapnaSahOfficial2082: That's really amazing invention. I really enjoy playing it.😅
  10. @cornycornsnake: So repetition can be games and explanation can be stories?
  11. @MohamedSameerAhmed-xj2rr: The App that helped me reach to the place where I am. Thank you 'Luis von Ahn'.
  12. @valueyourtimehoney: 8:45 Passive aggressive
  13. @Toni-mc8nd: On dulingo, they would give you an option with “Super unlimited free trial” and another with gems. Most times I don’t have the amount of gems required to get past that option so I have to cancel my session bcuz I also don’t have money to pay for the free option. That’s annoying, can you fix that?
  14. @GbemisolaOluwasina: 5:35 hm
  15. @GbemisolaOluwasina: 3:00 hm
  16. @LearningwithMe-s4f: Clap👏👏👏👏
  17. @christinehennigan1680: Using the free version is so extremely frustrating. You have to have a lot of tolerance to continue with Duolingo. Thankfully my Son paid for each of us.
  18. @subashdevkota4358: Didn't know he founded Duolingo. Going to download it right now 😅
  19. @caylacherynth: anies
  20. @ngocbaotranle5027: i
don't fucking care about memes. I skip all of them. I think they have to have a dream about how they should become before learning

- Social Media Isn’t Hard. It’s Misunderstood.: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to grow faster on social media, I'm going to explain exactly how to do it. Because the truth is, if you're struggling to grow, you're probably just approaching the content game with a suboptimal strategy. Now, I've cracked every social platform I've ever been on. Instagram, Tik Tok, LinkedIn, even YouTube. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And the secret is that I actually went down the rabbit hole to deeply understand how each individual platform works. The psychology, the algorithms, the core fundamentals for how to grow. So, in this video, I'm going to give you the full secret sauce. These are five non-obvious learnings for how social media actually works. And these are the same lessons that all the big creators deeply understand and that you may not. All right. Now, the first uncommon learning is that social media isn't actually social anymore. It's just media. And this seems like a small wording change, but it actually shifts everything about how you approach the content game. When social platforms were originally invented, they were social first. In that old era, everything was engineered to connect you with other people and show your content specifically to people that followed you. This was OG social from 2003 to about 2020. But since 2020, everything about social media changed because of Tik Tok. Just like YouTube, Tik Tok was not built for social connection. It was built specifically for media consumption. Think about it. You don't come on YouTube to talk to other people. You just come on to watch interesting videos. Tik Tok was essentially the same thing. It was YouTube but vertical. And the problem is that Tik Tok worked so well that it set off a chain reaction that caused every other social platform to shift in the same direction away from social and towards media. All that social media strategy, you have to throw that out because the game is completely different now. The platforms are no longer focused on social. They're just focused on media. And here's the big difference. Social is about matching content from followers only. Media is about matching content from anyone, followers or strangers. So, if you're really trying to grow with content, the million-dollar question is this. What is the best strategy for growing faster, generating more views, and turning those views into dollars? So, I'm going to give you the full cheat code right here. Think about this from Instagram's point of view as a business. Instagram gets paid when a viewer watches an ad. Their algorithm's only job is to keep viewers on the platform as long as possible so more ads can play. Now, the easiest way to keep viewers on Instagram for longer is to show them videos they actually like. And it sounds stupidly obvious, but this is so critical to understand. This system of connecting random videos with viewers that actually want to watch them is called audience matching. The better the match, the happier the viewer, the longer the session, the more ads they can run, and the more revenue Instagram generates. If you help Instagram make better matches and it makes more money, it will reward you for that. And this is the whole social media game. It is not more complicated than that. Matching is all the algorithms are designed to do. But the difference in this nonsocial media era is that the algorithm is allowed to match you with videos from any creator, not just the ones that you follow. So for you as a creator or a business owner, if you really want to grow on social media, your only job is helping the algorithm match your stuff with the right viewer because then you'll be happy and it will be happy. And when it's happy, it pushes your stuff more. Okay, so how do we actually help the algorithm do this matching better? Are there tactical steps we can take? Yes, there are. In order to best match your videos with the right viewers, the algorithm only needs to understand two things. The topics of your videos and the profiles of those viewers that want to watch them. That's all it needs. And the beauty is you can actually train the algorithm to get these answers quicker. The first tactical step for doing this is to be militantly focused and disciplined on your topic selection. All you have to do is make consistent videos about the same topic. Precision of topic is everything. Instead of spraying and praying across a bunch of different topic areas, pick a single topic and hit that bullseye over and over and over. If you're personally interested in sports and tech and design, don't make videos on the same channel about sports and tech and design. This will confuse the algorithm and it won't know what topic to push you for. Pick one topic area per channel and stick with just that. And here's the real tactical secret. Most algorithms run their audience match targeting based on the video transcription and the caption. So they look at the words you're saying and somewhat what you're writing in the caption and that's how they determine what topic you're actually talking about. Then they analyze which viewers are engaging positively with that video and they create a lookalike audience to push it further. So this is the key takeaway. If you want to grow faster and you want to convert attention into dollars, you need the algorithm's diagnosis of what topic you're talking about and who it's for to be accurate with what you want to talk about and who you want to get in front of. If it can't diagnose this topic audience match well, it's not going to push your videos. So, when you look at your channel and you scroll through your last 20 videos, are these topics all the same? Are they all targeting the exact same viewer avatar? If yes, and you're still not getting views, then the issue is with the video quality itself. And that is a much easier solve that I've been covering in all my videos. But if no, and you're all over the place with different topics, then this is your big issue. The best way to make sure the algorithm pushes your stuff to the right people is to only make videos about a single topic driven from pain points of that user consistently for several months. And after doing 30 to 50 videos like this, the algorithm will learn the type of topic that you want to talk about and it will start pushing you into that community. So, if you want to grow on social media, these are the things you do not want to do. Number one, do not make videos about a bunch of different topics on the same account. Number two, do not make videos that are not valuable or interesting to that same single target viewer avatar. And number three, do not make broad videos that do not apply to your viewer avatar on that account. Stay hyper precise and do this over and over and over. This is all you have to do to train the algorithm. Now, getting those videos to actually perform well once you have the algorithm aimed, well, that's a whole another set of issues. That's ideas, storytelling, script writing, editing. But the good news is I have lots of content to help you with that. I actually put together Wavy World, which is a free community for entrepreneurs with 17,000 people in it to help with that stuff. The links in the description if you want. It's completely free. But if you don't aim the algorithm correctly in the first place, well, then you're going to be stuck in zero view land and none of that other stuff actually matters. So, the summary here is this. Social media is no longer social. It's just media. Media works by matching viewers with videos they want to watch, regardless of who the creator was that made them. And three, to make that match happen more successfully with your content, you need to stay super disciplined on a single topic consistently over and over and over. All right. Now, the second uncommon lesson that I've learned about social media growth is that virality is a trap. If you want to get the ego boost of 10 million views, well, then go as broad and as wide as possible. But if you actually want to make money from content, there is a much better way to do it. Let me break it down. There are two types of virality. Pure virality and ontarget virality. Pure virality is virality at all costs. You intentionally pick extremely broad, extremely relatable topics to try to grow the viewer pie as much as possible. And this is where the 10 million plus view videos come from. But it turns out this actually isn't what you want if you're trying to build a business. Because pure virality spans across too many different viewer groups. If the video is about new tech for designing homes and you do get 10 million views, well then the chances are you've engaged tech people, architects, people that are trying to design homes, people that are interested in real estate. And despite the dopamine rush that does come from that, this is probably going to hurt your ability to monetize your audience. And the reason builds on this audience matching and targeting point I just mentioned. The more different audience groups that engage with the same video, the more confused the algorithm is going to be about where to point your next video. And you don't want the algorithm confused because then it won't help you find more of the people you're trying to find. So, a better way to approach virality is to go for ontarget virality. On target virality means that a large percentage of viewers within your target profile see the video, but it doesn't spill beyond that. Imagine you had one giant pie with 8 billion people in it. Pure virality is trying to get as many of those 8 billion people to see it, no matter where they fall on the pie. On target virality is picking a super narrow slice and then trying to fill as many people within that slice but not beyond it. Now, the reason ontarget virality is a better strategy is that it lets you be more nuanced with your topic selection because broad virality almost always requires super broad generic topics. But deep trust is built when you can talk about specific user pain points in a niche and narrow way. When you acknowledge your mission is not pure virality, you're able to come up with video ideas that widely target your narrow audience, essentially getting the highest penetration percentage of your potential buyers. And here's the cool part. It turns out that algorithms like precision a lot more than they like breadth. It would rather you be a fan favorite in the web design niche than appeal somewhat to all creatives. And this is because cult favorites are super strong audience matches. When you're able to execute a narrow topic with constant precision, it will push you more into that niche and you will become category viral. This is why you see so many small creatives with only a couple hundred thousand followers and cult fandom grow 7figure businesses. But these huge massive 7 million follower influencers can't even pay their rent. The riches are in the niches and the niches are best activated with ontarget virality. Now, I want to be clear. I definitely do want virality. I just want it aimed at my category. So, the tactical suggestion here for gut-eing your ideas and your content strategy is to constantly be asking yourself this question. Is my core audience avatar going to find this idea interesting, useful, valuable, or entertaining? If not, don't even make the video because even if you get a broadly viral hit, it's probably just hurting your potential chances to monetize. By the way, if you want help improving your videos so they do drive more of this ontarget virality, the best way to do this is to improve your storytelling and script writing and aim it at the right audience. To make this easier, I actually built an AI tool called Sandcastles that just does this for you. It takes everything I know about formulas and formats in content and compresses it so it just does it automatically. We have people using it right now that are writing 30 scripts per day and they're actually converting at a high level. So, if you want to try it for free, we have a free trial for everyone. Sandcastles.ai. Check it out in the description. The third uncommon learning that I've realized about social media is that you don't need to be playing on every platform at the same time. A common piece of advice from the social media gurus is you have to be everywhere cuz you never know where your buyer is going to show up. I think this is nonsense. You know exactly where your buyer is going to show up. They're spending time on one of these six platforms: Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Tik Tok, Instagram, or X. All you need to do to grow and monetize on social media is to fish where your fish are. Pick the one hero platform where the highest density of your customers live, plus add email, and then only play on that combination for 6 months. After working with hundreds of business owners on social media strategy and content over the last year, I've realized that the over complication and overextension of trying to be everywhere all at once actually is doing more harm than good. Because when you focus on a single platform, you can immerse yourself into the community and learn about the zeitgeist of just that platform so much better. And by focusing on just one, that means you can comment on other people's posts in your niche. You can reply to every single one of your comments. You can use the secondary formats like Instagram stories if you're focused on reals. Essentially, you become a staple in your category on that platform. And by doing this, like anything, you compound your results faster because all your attention is compressed on one thing. Now, when it comes to formats, the secret is that all the fish are migrating to video. So whether it's short form or long form video, you definitely want to be creating video on whichever platform you choose. So the tactical advice is this. Pick your hero platform. Make sure you're making video content. Stay as consistent as possible. Engage in the comments, engage in the DMs, and focus on nothing but this for 6 months. And if you don't know which platforms your customers are actually on the most, take a small random subset of your existing customers and ask them. And if this doesn't work, think about who you follow and where you learn the most about the information in your space. When you're trying to be everywhere all at once and you don't have a core team to support you, everything can just get a little too complicated. So remember, fish where your fish are. All right. Now, the fourth uncommon learning about social media is islands verse ecosystems. And this one is going to shock you. Almost everybody on the internet is going to teach you to approach social media like one connected ecosystem. They'll say that your main goal is to get somebody to follow you on one platform and then do whatever you can to try to get them to find you everywhere else, connecting that ecosystem like a spiderweb. So they'll say you want to post about your YouTube videos on Instagram stories or post about your tweets on LinkedIn or post about your Tik Toks on YouTube. Essentially, the advice is to find one follower and then get them to follow you everywhere else. But I think this is a suboptimal approach. The ecosystem concept makes sense in theory as a construct to describe a brand that's already well-built. But if you're starting out from scratch, tactically this is the wrong strategy. Instead of thinking like an ecosystem, you want to treat social media platforms like individual islands that are not linked together. And let me explain what I mean. Each social platform was developed on its own. They all steal features and UX from each other, but they all have different quirks, different algorithms, and most importantly, different platform owners. Instagram, which is owned by Meta, wants to keep people in the Instagram family, not going to YouTube, which is owned by Google. And when you really think about it, it makes sense why platforms would reward behaviors that keep users on their platforms instead of pushing them to others. So, the first reason why you want to think of platforms in islands instead of connected ecosystems is because the platforms will actually hurt your reach when you try to push people out. When you post a URL in a tweet or a LinkedIn post, they nuke your engagement. When you post a URL in stories, they nuke your engagement. And why do they do this? Well, simply put, the platforms don't want their users leaving. They make money when their users stay. Now, most people that are coaching personal brand building will tell you that the cost of the platform nuking your stuff when you share links is worth it if you can grow everywhere. I disagree. But besides this, the even bigger reason why you want to think in separate islands instead of connected ecosystems is because of the user consumption patterns. Think of each social platform like a car driving on the social media highway. Each one is going at a different speed. Let's say Instagram is going at 35 mph. Tik Tok is at 50 mph. YouTube might be at 10 m hour. Users go to certain platforms because they like the consumption experience, the algo targeting the sub communities on that platform. When you try to force them from one to another to build the ecosystem, they end up hitting it and then churning right away. They don't like switching. And this causes them to either abandon watching your stuff altogether, abandon watching it on the new platform, or subconsciously dislike that you tried to force them away from what they already liked. It's better to meet each person where they are to make content native to the island and try to keep them there. And then you can use consistent branding, imagery, and storytelling elsewhere so that when they natively discover you, it feels aligned and matches. If someone's on Instagram and they also like consuming on YouTube, let them find you on YouTube as well. Don't force them there. Now, for each island, the only ramp you do want to build is from rented to owned. So, it's okay to ramp from Instagram to email or Instagram to private community, but you don't want to ramp from island to island, Instagram to Tik Tok. And if you do want to build a holistic connected brand cuz you're just not really fully buying what I'm saying. My frame for this is world building. World building is creating visual consistency or cohesion across different platforms. You're not pushing people, but when they do discover you, everything looks and feels aligned and matches. Ecosystems are forcing the cross-platform discovery. Don't force it. Just world build separately and let them discover the different islands. Now, my last uncommon learning has to deal with making money from content. And it took me a long time to realize this, but this was one of the most important lessons that I learned. Almost everyone making content is doing it because they want to make money. Let's be honest about that. This is the game. We all see all these influencers that appear to make insane money. And so we think we could do that, too. And we jump in. And so, if you're like me, you probably followed a similar path. You jumped in. You really sucked at first, but slowly surely, you started getting better and building up your skills. You grinded and grinded. You spent 12 months and hundreds of hours trying to do this. And then finally, you started to turn on monetization and get some money coming in. And then it hit you. $52? Is that it? That's all I'm making from YouTube AdSense? 12 months of grinding and hundreds of hours and all I'm getting is $52. And so you keep going for another year and you spend all this time and months and months and months. Maybe you land one brand deal for $500 and maybe one for $1,000 here and there, but you're working really hard. The views are high, the followers are high, but the money just doesn't seem that high. It doesn't seem in line with what you expected. And this is the big learning. Value does not really acrue at the media layer. This is the lesson. There are three layers in the content stack. The bottom layer is the platform layer. This is Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, the actual platforms. The middle layer is the media layer. That's me and you, the creators that are making content on the platform. The top layer is the offering layer. These are the products and services and brands that make products and pay creators to make content to drive attention to those products. Most of the money gets acred at the platform layer, the Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok or the offering layer, the brands, products and services that are driving. But very little gets captured at the media layer. All the attention is generated from the media layer, but very little of the value is actually captured here. And this is because value capture is correlated to risk. It's much easier for anyone to start making media than it would be to start a brand or much harder to start a social platform that actually works. And so the rate paid to creators is lower. The value captured is lower. The learning for me and probably you as someone that's trying to build internet businesses and survive as an entrepreneur is that value just doesn't acrue in a big way at the media layer. It's better to use media to gain attention and then funnel that media to owned products and services than it is to rely on the value capture AdSense and brand deals from the media. And tactically, this means building your own products, services, or doing affiliate deals with uncapped upside instead of relying specifically on AdSense CPMs or brand deals. And I can get more into the business side of content and monetization models in a future video if you guys want, but this is a critical piece when you're trying to monetize from content. There's just not that much money in the media layer relative to the other two. All right, guys. There you have it. Those are my five non-obvious lessons for how to actually grow and monetize on social media. To recap, number one, social media is not social anymore. It's just media. And this means the game has changed because the media game is all about matching content with the right viewers. To help the algos do this matching, you want to stay super disciplined on a single topic for a single audience avatar consistently for a long time. Use the words you say and the captions you say to help the algo detect what topic you're actually talking about. Number two, pure virality is a trap. If you want to make money with content, you want to go for ontarget virality, which means maximum penetration within your ideal avatar slice. To do this, pick ideas that resonate specifically with their pain points, but wrapped with category relevant broad case studies. Number three, fish where the fish are. You don't need to be on every single social platform. Pick the one platform where your customers live. Be video native and consistently engage in the comments and DMs. Do this specifically for 6 months. Number four, think in islands instead of ecosystems when you're building your social brand. Platforms are built like islands. Users consume like islands. You should treat them like islands. Build native content for the platform and don't try to force ramp people from one to another. The only ramps you should build are like ferryboats taking people from islands to email or community owned platforms from rented to owned. And number five, value does not acrue at the media layer. If you want to actually make money from content, know that the value occurs at the platform and the offering layer. Use the media layer to build attention and then ramp that attention to owned products and services. And remember guys, when it comes to the actual tactics of making better videos, the nuts and bolts, the click- forclick, I have tons of free resources and other videos linked below. And also, it's a shameless plug, but Sand Castles is the best AI tool for helping you ramp up your content production. So, if you haven't tried it, it's completely free to try. You should. And lastly, make sure to leave a comment to let me know what you guys want in the next video. But until then, we'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [158 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Lindyg01 [2 likes]: Here in 2026
I'm starting a Facebook fashion page today
This tips are so helpful like I'm feeling so motivated
Hoping to make it big😊
  3. @ManlyHK1 [1 likes]: But I have seen many multiple topic channels that are huge successes!
  4. @Chefmarthaa [1 likes]: You are so good..thank you for giving this out for free
  5. @MaryNnekaTV [1 likes]: Feel like giving up😢
  6. @krishna_but_stillbrown [1 likes]: I know this works for business but how about comedy or art that comes from multiple topics , good art doesn’t usually translate to views or followers
  7. @FluffyBunnyFeet06 [1 likes]: Tried about 7 different videos on this topic. All just said fancy words didn’t teach anything. You’re the first one who actually has taught me anything. Thankyou. great content
  8. @Adylus0 [1 likes]: It was good ❤
  9. @hybird4training: Good stuff brother. Love your content
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لا يوجد دبلجة بلغة العربية
  11. @BlockGT1: I have -10 views :D I’m sooo good
  12. @therandomchannel808: Thanks bro this helps
  13. @Ijeoma_Kalu: I’m new on content creation and truly I’ve noticed this; focusing on one topic and being consistent on it. You just gained a new subscriber 🎉
  14. @SoftWhispersofLove: Godbless you Sir
  15. @kakashi24001: say i am creating a particular channel for bringing people to a certain religion and i create videos teaching the various components of that religion, its teachings, doctrines, Text authority etc. is this a niche enough channel? will i have good exposure via the YT algorithm ?
  16. @aninditapal-se3pv: The best thing I have done so far is to come accross your videos
  17. @SickCallRanger: Just now beginning my journey. Thanks for the tips
  18. @tsoomoonaraa953: I am so glad that I found you
  19. @CliffordWeston-n2v: It seems like it shouldn’t be too hard, but with all the new factor involved, it’s definitely not as simple as it used to be
  20. @SkywardSolutionsPhotography: This was super helpful ! I can’t wait to dive more into your videos and see what we can learn. We are just starting our business and it can feel overwhelming at times.

- Stop Waiting for the Algorithm – Here's The Brutal Truth of Scaling from Zero: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the debate. Imagine you're uh you're stranded in the wilderness, right? And you absolutely need to start a fire. You really have two choices here. You can meticulously gather dried tinder, strike a flint, and you know, gently blow on the embers until you have this controlled, sustainable flame. >> Or uh you can just stand in an open field holding a metal rod in a thunderstorm. Right. Just waiting for lightning to strike. >> Exactly. Just hoping for a miracle. And today we're really deconstructing the vague, often well overly glamorous success stories of online creators. We're specifically focusing on this highly revealing interview between systems architect Arturo F. Munoz and product expert Lenny Ratchetsky. >> Yeah, it's a fascinating discussion. It really is because we are looking at the unglamorous tactical truths behind building a profitable audience from absolute zero today. >> And the core question we're unpacking here is this fascinating tension in modern business building. Basically, is achieving success today primarily about finding what we call escape velocity through uh algorithmic platform advantages? >> Right. Getting struck by the lightning of social media algorithms. >> Exactly. Or is it fundamentally about a reverse orderer process? You know, where you do the hard manual outreach to verify a tiny mini tribe's actual willingness to pay before you ever create a single piece of public content. >> Well, I represent the position that true defensible business viability comes entirely from that reverse order. I mean, you have to manually verify that people are willing to pay for your insights with a small core group first. And I take the position that while manual validation is a fantastic, honestly non-negotiable starting point, a creator still absolutely requires algorithmic distribution. You need platform leverage to achieve true escape velocity. You just can't scale a sustainable media business purely on handshakes and direct messages. Uh, I disagree. But to really get into this, we have to start with the brilliance of Arturo Munoz's interview approach because he successfully stripped away this very um handwavy advice that Lenny Ratchetsky initially tried to offer. >> Oh, totally. The classic PR version of the story, >> right? If you spent any time online, you've heard this narrative. Lenny's original story was essentially, "Oh, I just did good work consistently." and the audience organically followed. >> Right. Build it and they will come. >> Yeah. Which is just it's a myth. Munoz pressed him and he uncovered a massive contradiction. Lenny's initial success was heavily heavily driven by his early arrival to the Substack platform in 2019. Back then, because Substack was trying to grow its own user base, the platform was giving away subscribers like free candy. >> They had that brand new recommendation feature. Yeah, >> exactly. And the reality is platform algorithms are designed to sell ads and benefit the platform's bottom line. They are not public utilities built to help creators. Because of that, the only reliable path today is Muno's reverse order. >> Wait, so you're saying just abandon the algorithms entirely? >> Yes. A creator has to start with unglamorous manual labor. I'm talking about sending direct messages on platforms like LinkedIn to find a small mini tribe. You verify they have a problem worth paying to solve before you build the rest of the audience. Look, I actually completely acknowledge the brilliance of Munoz's push back in that interview. It was an absolute masterclass in getting past the fluff. Getting Lenny to admit the role of timing was huge. But hold on, we have to look at the sheer math of the situation here. >> Okay, let's look at the math. >> Manual outreach is fundamentally unscalable. Lenny's honesty about his early adopter advantage actually proves exactly how vital platform leverages to a modern business. You cannot build a massive six-f figureure operation simply by sending direct messages one by one. >> But he didn't build it with an algorithm. He built it with a timing loophole that doesn't exist anymore. >> But even today, a creator must eventually harness some algorithmic growth engine. The manual work lights the match. Absolutely. It proves your idea isn't terrible. But the algorithms act as a massive matchmaking engine to find the thousands of other people who look exactly like your first few early adopters. Well, let's break down how that matchmaking engine actually functioned for Lenny, though, because this is where Munoz forced him to admit the reality of platform timing. Lenny initially claimed his audience grew just because he shared actionable frameworks from his time at Airbnb, >> which he did. >> He did, but he thought he was just sharing knowledge about like conversion funnels and supply growth that was obvious to him, but wasn't to others. But Munoz pointed out the actual mechanics of play. Substack's recommendation feature inherently favors what we call incumbent scale, >> meaning the rich get richer. >> Precisely. Let's explain the mechanism of how that actually works for a second. When a massive newsletter with a 100,000 subscribers recommends your smaller newsletter, every single time a new person subscribes to them, a popup automatically prompts that person to subscribe to you. >> Right. It's a passive growth loop. >> Yeah. You are passively writing the momentum of their marketing budget and their scale. Lenny had to confess that his 2019 timing getting there before the platform was saturated with a million other writers provided his actual escape velocity. He didn't engineer the 9,000 newsletters that ended up recommending him. The Substack product team engineered the software feature that made it happen. >> But doesn't that ignore the core variable in the equation here? Yes, the Substack product team built a feature that rewarded early users. It created a goodwill loop. But Lenny still had to write highly specific, useful material every single week. >> I'm not saying he didn't write good stuff. >> But the platform timing was just a tailwind, right? It only amplified work that was already excellent. I mean, without those actionable Airbnb insights without the clarity he brought to problems product managers were actively facing, the algorithm would have amplified a blank page. If your writing is bad, a pop-up recommendation doesn't force anyone to click subscribe. Sure, but the danger here is believing that good work is enough today now that those early platform windows have firmly closed. Lenny himself admitted in the interview that if you were starting at zero today, he wouldn't bet on Substack's algorithm to carry him. >> Fair enough. The landscape has changed, >> right? That specific window of opportunity is gone. And this brings us exactly to Munoz's core thesis. Relying on algorithms like YouTube or Tik Tok today is a dangerous gamble. You are placing your trust in machines built to benefit tech companies. >> Well, they want watch time, obviously. >> Exactly. They want maximum watch time to sell ads. They don't care if your highly technical business newsletter gets any traffic. This is why the reverse order tactical truth is so completely necessary. >> Okay, let's walk through what that reverse order actually looks like in practice. Because if you're listening to this, you might be wondering how to actually execute it, >> right? So, you don't start by making content and hoping the algorithm likes you. Let's say you're an expert in um team management. You start with your existing network, maybe 1,500 LinkedIn connections. >> Okay. A decent starting base. >> Yeah. And you filter that list to find 200 people who share a specific commercial interest. Then you spend real time, maybe 15 to 20 minutes a day, manually researching and messaging just 30 highly targeted people. >> 30 people? >> Yes. You look at their profiles, you find out they work at a startup scaling from 10 to 50 people. You send them a direct message asking a very specific question about the friction they are experiencing in that exact phase of growth. Okay, but let's put ourselves in the shoes of a creator actually trying to do this while holding down a day job. Let's do the math on what you just described. Doing a deeply targeted direct message campaign to just 200 people, researching their profiles, crafting custom messages, following up, that takes hours and hours of pure manual labor. >> It takes work. Yes. >> And that's if you're fast. That is a brutal grind. Lenny admitted in the interview that this path has absolutely no fantasy of a viral moment. You are literally just shouting into the digital void for months. You ask them a specific question, you wait for a reply, you hope they engage. >> It's controlled friction. >> It is controlled friction. Yes, but it has a very hard ceiling. Eventually, you have to transition. You have to take short video clips of your conversations and drop them onto an algorithmic discovery engine like Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts. >> But let's look at the quality of what you're getting for that friction. Controlled friction beats an uncontrolled algorithm every single time. When you send a targeted message asking a specific question like, "I notice you're handling product at a company scaling from 10 to 50 people. How are your feedback loops breaking right now?" You get real responses. >> Sure. From a handful of people. Real responses from actual humans in your target market are infinitely more valuable to a business than a million empty video views from teenagers scrolling Tik Tok who will never ever buy your product. >> Oh, come on. Those algorithmic views aren't just empty vanity metrics if you use them right. They act as top offunnel discovery. An algorithm isn't just an amplifier. It's a matchmaking engine >> for ads, not for your business. for attention. It takes the digital fingerprint of those 15 core users you found manually and it scans millions of accounts to find their exact psychological twins. The YouTube algorithm doesn't care if you've done the unglamorous manual work. It cares if your hook is good. And if the hook is good, it finds people you could never have reached with your 1500 LinkedIn connections. But if you just build an audience through broad algorithmic hooks without a specific business plan, you end up with the exact tragedy Lenny admitted he faced early on. you end up what they call viewer rich and cash poor. >> Viewer rich and cash poor, right? >> Yeah. He had tens of thousands of readers early on, but he had no business model. He didn't know how to make a living off of them. The goal of messaging those 30 people manually on LinkedIn isn't to get podcast listeners. It's to have conversations that verify a willingness to pay, >> which is a huge distinction, >> massive. You must answer the monetization question alongside audience building, not as an afterthought. You ask them what exact problem are you trying to solve and what budget do you have to solve it? If you build a massive audience first and ask for money later, you are building a house of cards on rented land. >> You know, I actually think this is the single most critical revelation of the entire interview. That insight is spoton. You cannot prioritize a content calendar or a product roadmap without having a willingness to pay conversation first. >> Exactly. You absolutely must test that willingness to pay with a small group. But here is the friction point for me. How does a creator move from those 15 positive signals in their LinkedIn inbox to a business that actually pays a mortgage? You can't pay your mortgage with 15 LinkedIn connections, my friend. >> By feeding that core group with a consolidation layer. Something like a long form podcast or an in-depth newsletter. >> Right? But we need to explain how that actually works. A consolidation layer, like a weekly podcast, isn't meant to find new people. It acts as a digital anchor. It gives those 15 people a reason to spend 45 minutes a week with you, deepening their trust in your expertise until they are ready to buy your course or your consulting, >> which is the whole point. >> But 15 people paying you a small subscription fee does not make a business. You still need distribution. If you don't use algorithmic discovery, your growth relies entirely on those 15 people telling their friends. Word of mouth is powerful, but it is incredibly slow. >> It's steady, though. >> But to reach true scale, you have to transition from that manual validation phase into an algorithmic growth phase. You validate with the 15, but you scale with the algorithm. >> But jumping straight back to the algorithm assumes you have to do all the heavy lifting of scale yourself. And this narrative naturally progresses to Muno's final and maybe most brilliant challenge, efficiency. >> Okay, efficiency. How? >> Let's say you've done the hard labor. You have your 15 positive signals. You understand their pain points. The old model says you now need to scale by blindly throwing content at an algorithm hoping to find lookalike audiences. But Munoz points out a massive shortcut. We can use AI search engines like Perplexity or Claude to synthesize existing interviews of this exact demographic. >> Walk me through exactly how that works because that sounds like a massive shift in how we do market research. >> Oh, it changes everything. You don't need to reinvent the wheel. If you know exactly who your target customer is because of your manual outreach, say mid-level product managers at logistic startups, you don't have to spend a year doing original podcast interviews to figure out what the rest of the market is struggling with >> because they've already been interviewed. >> Yes. Someone else has already interviewed those exact people online. >> So, you're basically using AI to crawl what's already out there. >> Exactly. You use claw or perplexity to pull together the transcripts of the 20 best existing podcasts and articles speaking to that specific persona. And here is the trick. You don't just ask the AI for a simple summary. You prompt it strategically. >> Like what do you ask it? >> You ask what underlying anxiety are these founders expressing across all these interviews that no host is actually offering a solution for? What questions are they dodging? What are the gaps in the market? By doing this, you turn AI from a simple research tool into an empathy engine. We find the market gap instantly without doing the labor others have already done. We scale our intelligence, not just our distribution. >> Okay, I will concede that using AI to map the territory like that is a massive Blinkist level productivity edge. It saves weeks, maybe months of manual research. You use the AI to find the blind spots in the existing content and then you build your podcast or newsletter specifically to fill that exact gap. >> Right? It's incredibly efficient. >> But I have to heavily caution listeners here. AI can hallucinate. It is terrible at original nuance. It completely lacks the empathy and the subtle understanding of tone that you get in a direct human conversation. >> Well, it's a starting point, not the finish line. >> Exactly. The AI might synthesize 10 articles and confidently tell you the market gap is X, but X might just be a weird artifact of how the language model processed the text. It might not be a real human problem. You still have to take that AI synthesis back to your 15 validated real world connections. >> Of course, >> you say, "Hey, I keep seeing this problem popping up in the industry. Is this something you're actually dealing with?" You have to use the humans to confirm the machine's findings. Absolutely. The AI gives you the map, but the human connections give you the compass. You use the AI to scale your research, but you rely on your own relationships to validate the truth. This is exactly why owning the asset is so critical and why relying on rented algorithms for discovery is so incredibly dangerous. >> Let's clarify what we mean by owning the asset because Lenny was very clear about this distinction in his interview. He uses Substack as his publishing tool, but he admitted that Substack is just software. If Substack shuts down tomorrow or if they change their business model, he owns his email list. >> He can just leave, >> right? He can export those emails and email his audience directly. The same goes for podcasting. If you host a podcast, you own the XML feed, >> right? And let's explain what that XML feed actually means for the creator, >> right? So, when we say you own the XML feed, we mean you hold the actual digital code that delivers your audio to platforms like Apple or Spotify. If Spotify suddenly decides to ban your show, or if they change their algorithm to bury your content, you don't lose your audience. Your listeners can just plug that exact same XML code into any other podcast app and keep listening. You own the direct connection, >> which is the ultimate leverage. >> But here was my counterpoint. Owning an asset doesn't mean anyone is actually looking at it. Having a beautifully structured XML feed doesn't matter if nobody knows it exists. I think we're dancing around the brutal truth of modern digital consumption here. Which is what people do not want to read or listen to long- form content anymore unless they absolutely have to. Attention spans are completely fractured. If you just send someone a link to a 5,000word wall of text or a 2hour audio file, the vast majority will bounce immediately. >> But that is exactly why you don't optimize for random people clicking away. You optimize for the mini tribe that actually cares. >> But how do they find it? >> If a logistics manager has a massive supply chain problem that is costing their company money, and you have the actionable, verified framework to solve it, they will read the 5,000 words. They will listen to the 2-hour podcast. You don't need millions of casual scrollers. You need the few hundred people whose professional lives depend on your specific knowledge. >> Okay, but how do those few hundred people find out you have the solution? Even the most dedicated professional is overwhelmed with information. They aren't actively searching the depths of the internet for your specific newsletter. That's why the algorithmic video clip strategy is non-negotiable for scale. I just don't think you need it. >> You do. You record the deep, highly specific podcast for your core audience, but then you use tools to generate short, punchy clips highlighting the biggest insights. You drop those clips on YouTube shorts and Tik Tok. Why? Not because you want to build deep relationships in a 15-second video, but because those platforms have algorithmic distribution built in. >> It's still a gamble. They act as a massive free net to catch the specific people who look just like your core 15 users. The clips act as a billboard driving them back to your owned asset, the podcast. The podcast is the asset. The algorithmic platform is just the distribution highway. You simply cannot do this all manually. >> But you are still assuming the algorithm works in your favor. And that is a massive dangerous assumption. An algorithm is a bet on someone else's incentives perfectly aligning with yours, and they rarely do. YouTube wants maximum watch time to sell advertisements. >> Sure, >> if your highly specific technical clip about conversion funnels doesn't keep a general audience engaged in the first 3 seconds, the algorithm buries it. It stops showing it to anyone. You are constantly one policy change or one code update away from getting depprioritized. With the reverse order manual process, you own the outcome >> until you run out of hours in the day. >> If your direct messages aren't converting, you learn something highly specific about your target market. You adjust your pitch. If it does work, you have built a real defensible business with direct lines of communication that no tech billionaire can take away with a software update. >> But the manual process has a hard mathematical ceiling. At some point, there are only so many hours in the day you can spend sending messages. Yes, individual outreach is a bet on something real and tangible. It grounds you in reality, but as Lenny admitted, if he had to start all over today, knowing what he knows now, he would still use platforms like YouTube aggressively. >> Well, of course he would say that >> the early Substack advantage was foundational to his success. Without that kind of algorithmic tailwind, you are looking at a process that takes years instead of months to reach a sustainable income. >> Taking years instead of months isn't a failure, though. It's just the reality of building a real business. The expectation that a creator should hit escape velocity and make a full-time living in 6 months is a fantasy. And it's a fantasy sold by the very platforms that want your free labor to populate their apps. >> That's a bit cynical. >> It's the truth. Munoz's deconstruction of Lenny's success story proves this beautifully. True business building is a reverse order process. It relies on the unglamorous manual verification of a mini tribe. You have to prioritize owned relationships. You prioritize AI market synthesis to save time on research and scale your empathy. And you absolutely avoid taking blind algorithmic gamles on rented platforms. You figure out what people will actually pay for. You build the audience around that specific solution and you bake monetization in from day one. That is the only predictable defensible path. >> I hear your point and I think we agree on the foundation. The manual work and the willingness to pay verification are absolutely non-negotiable first steps. Munoz was brilliant to pull that out of the conversation and highlight how critical it is. If you don't know how you are going to make money before you start, you are just an influencer waiting to go broke. >> However, reaching sustainable massive scale ultimately requires carefully riding the tailwinds of algorithmic discovery mechanisms. Manual work gives you the right to exist in the market. Algorithms give you the right to scale in that market. Just as Lenny did with his early Substack timing, and just as creators do today with strategic video distribution, you must eventually transition from one-on-one handshakes to algorithmic broadcasts if you want a true scalable media business. Lights is the immense value of looking past the glamorous success narratives we constantly see online. When a creator says, "Oh, I just did good work and the audience magically found me." We have to dig deeper. We have to look at the tactical often highly uncomfortable mechanisms of how an audience is actually built. >> Exactly. There is a massive difference between building a vanity audience and building a profitable business. There is so much more to explore in how modern creators can balance that grueling manual relationship building phase with the incredible leverage that modern AI and algorithms provide. It really leaves us to decide which phase of the process is the true engine of success. Is it the flint that sparks the idea or is it the lightning that scales it? Thank you for joining us on the debate. We'll leave you to think about whether you want to build your fire carefully by hand or stand in the field waiting for the storm.

- Is MrBeast's success actually a WARNING? (1% English Podcast): Kind: captions Language: en Hey there. Welcome to 1% English podcast, the daily English show that trains your ears and your brain just 20 minutes a day. Today we'll join our two hosts as they debate the art of irresistible content creation by the king of YouTube, Mr. Beast. [music] Welcome to the debate. Today we're diving into the uh the extraordinary world of Mr. Beast. He's a figure who has well undeniably reshaped online content creation, hasn't he? And he's amassed this huge empire, hundreds of millions of subscribers. His uh monumental success really forces us to confront some fundamental questions about what truly drives engagement in, you know, the digital age. >> Mhm. >> So, our central question for today's discussion is this. Does Mr. Beast's unparalleled success fundamentally represent an audienced-driven evolution of online content. Is he truly delivering what viewers genuinely desire, or is it primarily a sophisticated strategy of, let's say, algorithmic manipulation, expertly designed to serve YouTube's revenue model? I'll be arguing that Mr. Beast's methods are genuinely audience ccentric that he's responding to and uh fulfilling the desires of a massive global viewership. I'll be presenting the view that while his content is yes undeniably popular, incredibly engaging, his overarching strategies are primarily a response to algorithmic demands. And these demands, I believe, are largely structured to well maximize YouTube's financial gain through extended viewer attention. >> Right. Well, from my perspective, Mr. B's success really stands as a powerful testament to his unique ability to deeply understand and then consistently deliver exactly what a mass audience genuinely craves. Um, this intrinsic understanding translates directly into his consistently high viewership numbers and frankly remarkable viewer retention rates. He himself articulates this philosophy quite clearly, doesn't he? He says uh anytime you say the word algorithm just replace it with audience and it works perfectly. Now I don't think that's a cynical take on the system. It profoundly underscores I believe a genuine belief that to optimize for the algorithm is in effect to optimize for viewer satisfaction. I mean consider his early career like that famous $10,000 bet. He wasn't just you know throwing money around. He convinced a brand to doubling the money for a philanthropic act and framing it that way in the title would look better and crucially get more views. This demonstrates an innate almost well precient instinct for audience appeal that goes far beyond mere clicks even before he reached his current global scale. Both Mr. Beast and his team, they've detailed what they call a hyperobsession, right? and a 1,000-day grind, meticulously studying every single element that makes a good video, from the perfect thumbnail to the ideal pacing. Now, this isn't manipulation, in my view. It's an unwavering dedication to producing highquality content that just profoundly resonates with viewers. his commitment to making the best video possible and his, let's face it, audacious decision to reinvest millions back into his content, often for these elaborate high production stunts and yes, truly generous philanthropic acts like curing blindness for a thousand people or funding 100 wells in Africa. It showcases a creator singularly focused on delivering extraordinary value in entertainment. He genuinely wants to make content so compelling that, as he puts it, people have no choice but to watch it. >> Okay. I approach this phenomenon from a well, a distinctly different angle. While Mr. Be's successes is indeed undeniable, and his ability to capture attention is uh remarkable, I believe it's deeply rooted in a system fundamentally geared towards maximizing viewer attention primarily for advertising revenue. This is what some have critically described as uh a dark lie subtly implanted by YouTube itself. It's it's crucial to recall YouTube's origins. It began as a failed dating site, right? Eventually bought by Google in 2006, not really for its social potential, but overwhelmingly for its advertising potential. and the strategic hiring of an advertising and analytics guru like Susan Wjix Siki as CEO. Well, that clearly underscores the platform's core commercial imperative. Now, the significant algorithmic shift, moving from prioritizing mere clicks to emphasizing watch time, that wasn't some selfless act just to improve user experience. M rather it was a direct calculated response to pressing issues like remember the reply girls uh creators who posted tons of short often lowquality attentiongrabbing videos flooding feeds. It was frustrating viewers and maybe more importantly threatening advertiser retention. YouTube needed to fix its algorithm to maintain a captive viewer audience for its commercial partners. not necessarily to serve truly diverse audience interests or, you know, foster deeper storytelling. And Mr. Beast himself explicitly dug up that clip about the paramount importance of watchtime and became hyper obsessed with retention. He even stated, "Retention brain is just something I can't turn off." Now, this to me strongly suggests a creator whose strategies are primarily driven by the algorithm's demands rather than simply pure unmediated audience desire. His content strategies, which yeah, have been described as making spectacular traps you can't look away from. Think about the 50 hours in a box, the last to leave competitions on islands or boats, even being buried in a coffin, often ending abruptly without that traditional emotional closure. that they're meticulously attuned to prevent viewers from clicking off. This is in essence about imprisoning viewer attention to keep you watching rather than fostering genuine connection or you know deeper more fulfilling narrative experiences. And we've seen counter examples, right? Like the creator Michelle Carr when she consciously tried to optimize purely for retention, she got significant negative feedback. Her audience explicitly said they missed the old style of storytelling. This clearly illustrates how authentic audience desire can diverge quite sharply from just algorithmic optimization. >> Okay, I see why you emphasize that perspective, framing the algorithm as this uh commercial imperative. However, let me offer a maybe different perspective on this algorithm equals audience equation, particularly regarding what constitutes genuine desire. Mr. Beast's direct quote suggesting the algorithm simply reflects what people want is to me empirically supported by the sheer scale of his global reach and uh consistent viewership. I mean, think about it. His decision to launch what, 30 foreign language channels and achieving an astonishing 1.5 billion views on a video as seemingly simple as I spent 50 hours buried alive or last to leave pizza. That isn't just a win for an algorithm. It's robust, undeniable proof of a mass incredibly diverse global audience genuinely desiring and actively engaging with his specific brand of content. He approaches retention, I think, not as a metric for manipulation, but as a quantifiable measure of user satisfaction. If people choose to stay and watch for extended periods across different cultures, different demographics, it indicates they are deriving genuine value or entertainment or maybe just curiosity from the content. This is precisely what an audience-driven creator strives for. The algorithm in this context, well, it functions as a highly efficient feedback mechanism, doesn't it? It surfaces content that already demonstrates broad human appeal. Viewers are in essence voting with their watch time, indicating that Mr. Beast consistently delivers on a promise of extraordinary engagement. The algorithm isn't dictating taste. It's simply reflecting this aggregated consensual preference for content that, yes, pushes boundaries and delivers tangible spectacle. >> That's that's a compelling argument for audience satisfaction, and I do understand the appeal of seeing watchtime as a direct vote. However, I still struggled to see it as a simple unmediated reflection of genuine desire. I maintain that this equation strategically blurs the lines ultimately benefiting YouTube's ad revenue. The algorithm's fundamental desire, if you can call it that, to capture human attention for profit, is inherently distinct from the vast spectrum of things humans want, which as we know can include deep humor, comfort, connection, intellectual stimulation, or nuanced education. The algorithm at its core, it doesn't really discern the quality or the depth of that engagement beyond whether it successfully holds attention. When you say the audience chooses to watch, how much of that choice is truly autonomous versus being expertly guided, even subtly influenced by the very algorithmic cues we're discussing? Mr. Beast himself in numerous interviews talks about running all those calculations in the background, constantly asking, "What percentage of people do I think we'll lose at any given moment?" Now, that doesn't sound like organic engagement driven by pure unprompted audience desire to me. It sounds like a meticulously calculated almost surgical effort to prevent drop offs, to maintain attention at virtually all costs. This isn't really about what's genuinely desired in a holistic sense, but what can be engineered to be maximally addictive or well unskippable? I mean, for our listeners, maybe think about this. What do you think is the biggest difference between wanting to watch something and feeling like you're unable to stop watching something? Is there a difference? M that's a fair question. Yet, if the audience were truly being imprisoned, as you put it, or subjected to cynical manipulation, wouldn't we logically expect to see more widespread push back, more disengagement? Instead, what we actually observe are audiences actively engaging with and directly supporting creators through platforms like Patreon, like Discord. These are communities, real communities that offer genuine critique, that guide content development, foster deep loyalty. This indicates to me at least a highly sophisticated audience, perfectly capable of discerning what they genuinely enjoy and value versus what is merely a cheap attention grab. If Mr. content didn't offer genuine perceived value. These highly engaged communities, which thrive on interaction and shared interest, well, they simply wouldn't exist or sustain themselves in the way they so clearly do. It suggests a more complex reciprocal relationship than simple capture. Well, while direct engagement and these vibrant communities certainly exist, I'd argue they often operate within a framework initially and quite powerfully shaped by algorithmic discovery. Many creators, perhaps including Mr. Beast himself in his early days, gain their initial traction, their initial audience base through the very algorithmic mechanisms we're dissecting here. It creates this powerful self-reinforcing feedback loop, doesn't it? The algorithm promotes what successfully keeps people watching. Creators see this, so they optimize their content for those metrics. And then yes, a subset of those viewers captivated by the spectacle might transition into a more dedicated directly engaged audience. So while direct support is real, the foundational drive, particularly for a channel of Mr. Beast's unprecedented scale, it remains deeply rooted in those attention maximization strategies, which are effectively the gatekeepers of initial visibility. And this discussion about the nature of audience desire and algorithmic influence. It naturally leads us to examine the very design of Mr. Beast's content. Let's shift our focus now to his specific content strategy, what I've termed retention traps, and why I believe they are explicitly engineered for watch time over perhaps genuine narrative fulfillment. Consider examples like his 50 hours in a box challenge, the ubiquitous last to leave competitions, or videos that in their, let's say, abrupt endings, conspicuously lack traditional emotional closure. These, in my view, are not primarily about fulfilling deeper audience needs or telling a complete satisfying story. They are, as the source material itself states, carefully calculated ways to win the game by compelling watch time. His retention brain, as he calls it, is explicitly and almost compulsively focused on minimizing drop offs with a relentless emphasis on every second re-engage and that constant almost subliminal refrain of watch until the end. Watch until the very end. The material itself describes his style as looking childish on the surface, but behind the scenes, every piece is carefully attuned to keep you watching. This isn't just entertainment. It's a sophisticated form of attention engineering. Okay, I must firmly counter the idea that these are merely retention traps. I see them as highly engaging, innovative storytelling techniques that generate immense excitement, curiosity, and anticipation. Take the last to leave series or surviving 24 hours in extreme conditions. [snorts] These genuinely encourage audience participation and act of thought. Viewers are naturally prompted to wonder what would I do in that situation? Could I last that long? His explicit willingness to push the boundaries to go bigger and even bigger showcases a creative ambition that audiences explicitly and consistently reward, not just some begrudging algorithmic compliance. He is creating content that is, as he aims for, original, creative, something people really need to see, ideally something that has never been done before. The extreme, boundary pushing nature is precisely what makes it so compelling, so sharable, and ensures people genuinely enjoy the process. It's a fascinating tightroppe walk, isn't it? to create something so outlandish that it grabs initial attention yet simultaneously delivers a real sense of fun, wonder, and even a vicarious thrill that audiences genuinely value. This to me proves that spectacle can in itself be a profound and legitimate form of entertainment. >> But the impact of this pervasive attention trap strategy, as I call it, is evident in what has been termed the Mr. Beastification of YouTube. We now see a frankly worrying trend where other creators are increasingly copying these exact attention-tra often at the expense of their unique voices or original content forms. This, I argue, suggests a problematic trend driven by algorithmic pressure and a perceived necessity rather than pure unbridled creative exploration. I mean, if these specific methods weren't so heavily favored and rewarded by the algorithm, would we genuinely see such widespread, almost imitative adoption across the platform? It really speaks to a system that incentivizes a particular, maybe narrow path to success. >> I disagree though with the notion that this widespread imitation solely points to algorithmic pressure. While sure, some imitators may simply copy for quick gains, the broader creative landscape of YouTube demonstrates that truly unique and distinctive styles can absolutely coexist with an understanding of how to engage an audience. Consider creators like Michelle Carr, who, as you yourself mentioned, ultimately recognized her audience valued her unique storytelling over raw retention metrics. Or look at the ongoing distinction people make between redemptive work versus purely exploitative content. These examples powerfully demonstrate that creative integrity, the development of a unique style, and building their own scoreboard for the game they wanted to play. Well, that can not only thrive, but actively be rewarded by audiences even while understanding the mechanisms of engagement. It's about leveraging the tools effectively. I think not being entirely defined or constrained by them. Now, let's transition maybe to a more complex dimension of Mr. beast's impact, the ethical considerations, and um the broader societal implications of his approach. I want to highlight his truly significant philanthropic efforts, initiatives like team trees, team seas, team water, and his dedicated beast philanthropy channel, which builds wells, cures blindness, provides prosthetics. These are not mere afterthoughts or marketing gimmicks. They are in fact a core declared part of his brand identity. He's consistently recycled a good portion of the large income into even larger and more spectacular prizes and critically into charitable acts. This allows his vast audience to engage in a unique form of you could call it ethical consumerism simply by watching his videos. The tangible impact of these efforts reaching thousands if not millions globally. It goes far beyond superficial entertainment. He genuinely wants to help as many people as I can. The scale of good achieved is well, it's undeniable. Okay. While the philanthropic outcomes are indeed substantial and certainly admirable in their direct effects, we must critically question the primary motivations behind their presentation and maybe more importantly the broader societal message they convey. Critics have, I think, quite accurately pointed to aspects of this as exploiting poverty for views or a form of charity porn. Beyond the immediate impact, this approach can inadvertently normalize the idea that systemic social problems like poverty, lack of clean water, or preventable blindness are best addressed through the grand, often individual gestures of wealthy individuals rather than through robust collective government efforts or systemic policy changes. It risks simplifying complex, deeply rooted issues into spectacle, potentially undermining a deeper public understanding and engagement with long-term structural solutions. Furthermore, we we can't ignore specific controversies that have shadowed his enterprise, allegations of poor working conditions for his staff, the Beast Games lawsuit over alleged mistreatment of contestants, and the more recent AI thumbnail generator controversy, which critics argued facilitated the theft of their creative work and brand identity. These instances, regardless of their legal outcomes, can paint a picture of a win at all cost mentality where ethical considerations, particularly those pertaining to human dignity or fair practice, can sometimes become secondary to the relentless pursuit of growth and algorithmic dominance. But Mr. Beast has directly addressed these charity porn criticisms. He explicitly states that he does not profit from beast philanthropy and that all revenue generated from that dedicated channel goes directly to charity. He's also publicly acknowledged the vital role of government in addressing systemic issues. His actions like funding cataract surgeries for 1,000 people to restore their sight demonstrate a clear tangible impact driven by a genuine personal desire to help. He leverages his platform, his vast reach to fulfill that desire, creating this unique synergy where entertainment fuels genuine good. To dismiss this impact simply because of the way it's presented, well, that risks overlooking the very real positive changes it brings to countless lives. Intentions, however, admirable, don't operate in a vacuum, though. The very system of YouTube and the constant ingrained drive for retention brain inherently shapes the content towards extreme attentiongrabbing and often spectacular formats. Mr. Beast's own statements like his vivid description, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did he say in that video? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need to know." They truly reveal the intense internal pressure to create content that provokes an almost unskippable reaction, ensuring constant engagement. Even if the philanthropy itself is genuinely motivated, the method of its presentation, its packaging, its scale, its often dramatic framing is inevitably molded by the algorithmic demands for spectacle. This in turn can inadvertently lead to the very criticisms of exploitation we discussed. The system in many ways dictates the scale and the shock value, not just the generosity. It creates this complex interaction between personal mission and platform imperative. >> So, as we've explored today, I believe Mr. Beast's intricate understanding and mastery of YouTube's mechanics are at their core powerful tools. Tools that allow him to deliver highly engaging, deeply curious, and often profoundly meaningful content that a truly vast global audience actively chooses to consume and enthusiastically support. His success for me underscores a profound understanding of what truly resonates with and captivates viewers worldwide. And while the content undeniably resonates with many, I uh I reiterate that its underlying drivers are heavily, if not primarily influenced by the platform's commercial demands. This dynamic, though certainly effective for growth, can lead to content strategies that prioritize attention capture and spectacle over perhaps more diverse creative expression or nuance storytelling. It's a it's a complex interplay for sure. >> Indeed, this tension between genuine audience desires and the powerful imperatives of algorithmic design is a complex, constantly evolving aspect of our digital media landscape. And there's clearly no single simple answer, is there? It's a dynamic that continues to shape how content is created and consumed. >> Absolutely. And we invite all our listeners to continue critically evaluating the content they consume. Consider not only what you enjoy on a surface level, but also the intricate systems and motivations that shape its creation and distribution. It's really an invitation for deeper exploration into your own media consumption habits. >> Yeah. And as a simple task for our listeners today, maybe consider one of your favorite YouTube videos. Now try to identify one element in that video that you think was designed specifically to keep you watching longer and maybe one element that genuinely contributed to your enjoyment or understanding beyond just retention. Uh we'd love to hear what you discover. >> And before we go, here are a few B2 plus vocabulary terms from today's discussion just to help expand your English. First, imperative. This refers to something that is extremely important or urgent, like a command or a rule. For example, we talked about profit maximization being a core commercial imperative for businesses. Second, preient. This describes having knowledge of events before they take place, having foresight. We used it when describing Mr. Beast's innate, almost preient instinct for audience appeal. And third, nuanced. This means having subtle distinctions or variations characterized by subtle shades of meaning or expression. We often spoke about the need for a more nuanced understanding of this whole debate. >> Thank you for joining us on the debate. We look forward to our next discussion. >> Congrats. You just crushed your 1% for today. If you're loving this podcast, show that subscribe button some love and don't forget to hit the bell so you never miss your daily dose of 1%. That's it for today. Take care, keep growing, and we'll see you tomorrow. >> [music]

- How the media shapes the way we view the world - BBC REEL: Kind: captions Language: en all over the world in every country and every culture storytelling has significant power the stories that we are told via books our screens and advertising build identities determine behaviors and forge our dreams american researchers found that stories repeated in our minds actually interact with our biology our brains need shortcuts to simplify and organize information and data constantly coming at us they impact how we view the world and make meaning from what we perceive the narrative we tell and are told has the potential to create and continue prejudice beliefs by those few who dominate the storytelling sphere so what dangerous ways has this materialized itself in the media and advertising the british film institute found that between 2006 and 2016 of around 45 000 roles credited to actors in the uk only 0.5 were played by black british actors not seeing yourself represented often leads to self-imposed limitations on what you can achieve and allows for negative perceptions to go unchallenged and when black people are represented there are many reoccurring racialized tropes most of which can be traced back to colonialism historic anti-blackness and the legacy of slavery 64 of uk crime films has featured roles for black actors and 15 of all films featuring black actors between 2006 and 2016 focused on crime narratives you've probably come across a few other stereotypes within a range of film tv shows and adverts the mummy the jezebel the angry sassy black woman the stoic the gangster the angry black man and the black best friend these notions of who black people are were created by white storytellers throughout history carefully crafted to dehumanize and erase the multiplicity of black people's existence take for example one of the most historical tropes the mummy academy award winning hattie mcdaniel famously played this role in gone with the wind in 1939. her performance as a loyal subservient caregiver have been created by white american storytellers to distance themselves from the harsh reality of race relations in a post-slavery society in light of the 2020 black lives matter protests the streaming platform hbo max removed the film due to the racist depictions later republishing it with disclaimers about the historical context and warnings about racial stereotypes in the film in current pop culture we are often shown racist caricatures the angry black women we see on reality tv and the hyper violent black man in gritty documentaries these depictions are in part in formed by colorism a phrase coined by the author and activist alice walker which means the prejudice treatment of those within the black community who have darker skin in on-screen storytelling there is an easy way to tick the boxes of so-called diversity without having to critically engage with anti-black bias often this is done by the use of mixed grace or light skin characters usually a character's proximity to whiteness whether that be through them having fairer skin a white parent partner or friend often increases their social standing presumed likability and success further constructing and upholding racist perceptions as of 2018 the average american spends over 11 hours a day watching listening reading and interacting with media therefore mass media has the power to challenge and change perceptions the next time you see an ad watch a film or a tv show ask yourself whose voice is telling this story and who is it trying to represent and for the storytellers amongst you strive to give the same platform and voice for people to tell their own stories and shape their own identities so that in the future we can show endless possibilities of who black people can be and what we can [Music] dream you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Deleted8790 [3 likes]: The media has its own prejudices and biases .
  2. @getmaxified [1 likes]: Video’s title speaks for itself 😂
  3. @jennybyford8071 [1 likes]: The irony of the BBC making this 😂😂😂😂😂
  4. @witeblack73 [1 likes]: All of Trump's innovations and initiatives have failed, so he decided to take it out on defenseless truck drivers. He came up with a pretext to leave hundreds of thousands of professional drivers who work hard to earn a living without a livelihood, under the pretext that they do not speak English well enough and cannot communicate well with the police! You can't imagine a more far-fetched pretext, this is an international profession all over the world! At the same time, he is blocking a law on the mandatory installation of active and passive safety systems, emergency braking on trucks, which could save many lives and material resources! Trump also does not know that the freight transportation industry is corrupt at the state level, the registration device, the logbook, which regulates the work and rest regime of drivers has become a Klondike for making money for thousands of dishonest American businessmen, is subject to regular interference and distortion of indicators, which leads to a multiple increase in accidents. Trump and his team simply found an unprotected category of people, drivers, whom they decided to humiliate!
  5. @noimnotarobotcanubeleiveit7024: how come movie directors are 'white' when they are being racist, yet those very same directors transform into the oppressed jews when convenient?
  6. @noimnotarobotcanubeleiveit7024: admission of wef propaganda.
  7. @eagancm: Classic. BBC is a master class in framing, omission, etc., for the sole purpose of persuasion. It’s like the wolf telling everyone to watch out for wolves.
  8. @АльмираСоветова: 67
  9. @EGV88: Okay, but don't put them in a medieval Europe setting, lmao
  10. @maxbloxian: Story telling on media shaping people minds TikTok users are cooked
  11. @Tyler-k9h1w: Clear, useful framing of how news choices shape public views—would welcome a follow-up on practical media literacy tips.
  12. @Tyler-k9h1w: Great breakdown of how media framing shapes public opinion—clear examples and useful context. Would love a follow-up on practical media literacy steps and solutions.
  13. @JenniferLeffingwell-p8q: If people are truly calling in anonymous safety checks in northern Michigans big 10 and turning into a big stirred up hornets nest from hell the media will have to report HUH huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh bzzzzzzz 🐝🌺🍑🦋🍯🍯🍯🍯🍯🌻🐝🌺🍑🐝
  14. @MotionBitesAcademy: Love it ❤
  15. @pygmy_leopard: well here you go perpetuating the lie...
  16. @psy7381: East Asian characters are rarely mentioned in movies and films in the West even today.
  17. @aryasharifi5360: How the media shapes the way we view the world – BBC Reel is a worthwhile watch for anyone examining how our perceptions of identity, society, and reality are constructed through screens, stories, and ads. The video compellingly argues that the content we consume isn’t neutral—it actively participates in shaping who we become and how we see others. I appreciate that it connects books, social media, advertising, and narrative structures into a unified idea of media as a social-shaper.

Still, I believe the piece could push its critique further in several areas. One limitation is its broad brush—it treats “the media” as a singular entity rather than a fragmented, contested space. For instance, different media institutions have vastly different ownership, political ties, and audience profile. Recognizing that heterogeneity would help refine the critique. Also, while the video touches on the idea that media builds “dreams,” it could engage more deeply with resistance—how people interpret, filter, or subvert media messages rather than passively absorb them.

Another dimension I’d like to see more of is empirical: how do these media-constructed identities play out in specific cultural contexts (for example Armenia, the Caucasus, etc.) where media ecosystems differ, local languages matter, and Western models don’t fully apply?

Overall, this video is compelling in its framing of media as more than a mirror—it’s a mold. It invites us to ask: if our world is partly built by stories, who is writing those stories—and who gets to live inside them?
  18. @ate71622: More left wing white bashing 😂 How about doing one on how the BBC edited Trumps speech to propagate the lie that he incited the Jan 6 insurrection riot( the riot that never actually happened). BBC Globalist propaganda 😂
  19. @fmvips: The ideology behind this video is SOOo perversely WOKIST its disgusting.
  20. @TaaroFihri-f9i: one day ago my lower lip are got damage but now iam ok no matter 😊

- Why Your Content Gets Ignored (It’s Not The Algorithm): Kind: captions Language: en I'm about to tell you why most people don't understand the algorithm. I've had many creators complain about the algorithm. They blame it, they fight it, they try [clears throat] to beat it. But the truth is the algorithm is not working against you. It is doing what it is actually designed to do. The real problem is that most people do not understand what it is actually looking for. There's a moment that most creators don't talk about. You post something you're proud of, you go back to watch it yourself. This is good, you think. An hour later, 10 views, a few likes. Silence. You refresh again, still nothing. Then you open your feed. You see another creator talking about the same thing you talked about. Less effort, less detail, but it's everywhere. Hmm, that's the moment it start feeling personal. Like something is working against you. But it's not. So, what's the difference? It's not luck, neither is it favoritism. It's understanding. Because the algorithm is not asking who deserves to grow, it is actually asking, "How are people responding to this?" Now, this is what a lot of people miss. The algorithm itself is not focused at you, the creator. It is actually focused on the audience. It watches, "Do people actually stay? Do they stop? Do they engage? Do they come back?" If answer is yes, then your content moves. If the answer is no, your content remains stocked. Not entirely because your content is bad, but because the response is weak. The algorithm does not decide your success up front. Every piece of content is shown to a small group at first. If that small group responds to it well, then the algorithm pushes it to more people. If not, it slows down. So, growth is not blocked. It is entry response. Every post is a test. Every reaction is a feedback. Now, this is the exact spot that so many creators get stuck. Posting every day, trying to stay consistent, trying to stay active. But consistency alone never drives growth. Response does. So, you could post every day consistently and still not get the >> change absolutely [music] everything. I hope today you make that change. See you in our next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gettingclosertogod55 [2 likes]: Why did the audio suddenly went off

- MrBeast's Success Story! - How did it succeed? Youtube Life, Team - MrBeast Documentary!: Kind: captions Language: en today we welcome you to this special video where we dive deep into the incredible success story of one of the biggest names in the YouTube World Mr Beast how did Jimmy Donaldson aka Mr Beast transform from a small town kid to a YouTube sensation let's take a closer look at this inspiring Journey Mr BEAST's success story started with his passion for video games at a young age this passion led him to take his first steps on the YouTube platform his initial videos were filled with ordinary gaming content but he had a bigger vision in mind the Turning Point came when Mr Beast started offering attention-grabbing experiences that set him apart from the ordinary content creators with videos like last to leave and don't touch the button Mr Beast captured the audience's imagination and his subscriber count started skyrocketing Mr Beast gained recognition on YouTube for his massive projects for instance he planted 20 million trees through the team trees campaign rallying the YouTube Community he also excelled in competitive challenges sparking intense competition with content like Infinity Room the key to Mr BEAST's success lies not only in big projects but also in his philanthropic efforts he and his team have donated millions of dollars to charitable causes showcasing that he's not just a YouTube sensation but also a person committed to giving back to society success for Mr Beast was not a solo effort members of his team like Chandler Chris Carl and others played a pivotal role in helping bring his projects to life and expanding the Mr Beast channel in conclusion Mr BEAST's success story is filled with determination creativity and a desire to make a positive impact on the world he transcended the realm of YouTube to become a phenomenon and an inspiration to Millions thank you for watching this special video if you'd like to hear more about Mr Beast or share interesting stories feel free to leave your comments below don't forget to subscribe and turn on notifications so you won't miss our future videos until next time this script can be used for a longer video customize the script and emphasize the key details of Mr BEAST's career to enrich your video good luck

- WHEN to use Private, Unlisted, Public or Scheduled Videos - EXPLAINED!: Kind: captions Language: en when you upload a video to YouTube you'll come across this screen where you have to choose between private unlisted members only if you have membership setup or public you typically don't want to set it to public right away because there's some things you want to decide upon like your title your tags your description and you want to upload a thumbnail and you want to make sure all that is done before your subscribers get notified that you've released a new video the members only option is only available to people with membership set up and it's when you want a certain video to be viewed by only certain members of your channel so that leaves private or unlisted as the two most likely options that you're going to want to choose from when you upload a video and it can be rather confusing as to which one to choose let's go over them so the first option here private if you choose private that means that the only way people can see your video is if you add them to your account or you invite them to share your video privately with them so that would mean clicking on this link here and then you would enter their EMA email addresses they would get notified and then you can invite them that way and they'd be able to see your video this is typically the best option to choose if you absolutely don't want anybody else to see your video except for people you might want to invite until you have everything else set up so then what about unlisted let me just close out of here if you choose unlisted this essentially is the same thing as private in that nobody's going to be able to find your video it's not going to be searchable uh on YouTube so people can't search on YouTube and then accidentally come up with this video your video won't be available in search same as with private but the main difference is with unlisted videos you will be given a link that you can then share with other people this link will work if you send your video link your YouTube video link to whoever if you announce it on your Facebook page for instance then people will be able to click that and watch your video and more so people who do that will also be able to send that link elsewhere and other people will be able to click on it so you really don't have control over how much your video gets shared so then you might be thinking well I don't plan to share my video link with anybody I just want to be able to check things to make sure everything is all set and ready to go and there's no monetization copyright strikes and I'm happy with the thumbnail and I like the title I like the description all that and I'm not going to share the link with anybody so what's the difference unlisted in PR are pretty much than the same thing right well yes but also no when you upload a video to YouTube earlier on in the upload process you'll come across a section where you're allowed you're able to add your video to playlists you get to that section before you get to this section here and if you've chosen to add your video to a playlist then your video if you set it to unlisted that will not hide it from your playlist so if it's unlisted people will be able to go to your homepage your channel homepage and scroll down to that playlist and your unlisted video will show up there what's more is that playlists themselves can be shared so if somebody has the link to that playlist they can share that link with whoever they want to and then those people who who get the link shared with them will also be able to find your unlisted video in that playlist so the absolute safest way to upload your video if you absolutely do not want anybody to see it unless you invite them specifically is to upload as private is that what I do no there's another even better option the thing is if you upload it as private or unlisted eventually you're going to want to make that video public right you want people to be able to search for and find your video and the way you would do that is you would change it from private or unlisted to public so that's a manual process you'd have to log into your YouTube studio and do make that change to public but a problem that could arisee by doing it this way is that since YouTube prioritizes new content if you change a video that you uploaded previously as private or unlisted and you change that to public let's say you initially uploaded that video a month ago well then YouTube may not treat that as a brand new video because it's been in their system okay so they may not send out the same number of notifications and you may not get the same amount of exposure that you'd like to for a brand new video a better way to hand handle this and this is what I do is if you scroll down a little bit further and you see this schedule option click the drop- down box this is where you can schedule your video to go from private to public okay and you would just simply pick the date that you want it to go uh public on and you can choose the time okay that you want it to go public and then that's it you would click here and schedule it and it would then automatically go from private to public on the date that you choose but what if you don't know exactly when you want your video to go public no problem all you do is you pick a date far enough in advance to start with and you can always go back and change it so here in YouTube Studio what you would do is go over to content and then locate the video here's the video I just uploaded and there are two ways to to make this change over here under visibility we see that it is scheduled you can click on this drop- down box and then this is where we can change the date and time and revise the schedule option let's say I want it to now now that I've gone through it I know everything is fine I now want to schedule it for the 22nd I make the change there and then I would click schedule now it's been changed and you can always hover over this to see the exact date and time that it's scheduled another way you can do this is uh when you locate the video click on the details icon here and that'll bring you into the edit window and then over here on the right simply scroll down and you'll see visibility is scheduled we we can click on this drop down box and then from here we can make the change that we want to make let's change it back to the 23rd click on done and then if when you make the change here make sure you click the save button up at the top so now you got all the information you need you know the difference between public private unlisted and members only so that you can choose the one that works best for you

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanillaBeaner-714 [2 likes]: So after making sure your video is ready you can definitely upload it to PUBLIC 🙏. Ive seen hundreds of people who say all the time, keep it private for 24 hours and then upload it! A YouTube creator said, people invented that myth! 😂
  2. @Sefatsadaniels_287 [2 likes]: This video is gold! You made it so simple and understandable. I will start using the method you recommended. Thank you.
  3. @Teacherjulii [2 likes]: Please, if I uploaded my video as private and later make it public after 10 hours will it affect my performance?
  4. @EricTD1995 [2 likes]: I guess that explains why I don't have a lot of views and subscribers. Thanks for that.
  5. @Enlightgurukul [2 likes]: From India ❤
  6. @SailingSelah [1 likes]: I'm still confused.  Doesn't YouTube tell you if there are copyright issues, etc before they even make your video live?  Also, I have my title and thumbnail all ready to add before I upload, so everything is there when I upload.  Is there honestly any reason to wait before making a video public? I've seen so many conflicting ideas about that.
  7. @ImariabesBeautyDiary [1 likes]: Great video 👍🏾 Is it compulsory to schedule for minimum 24hrs before it goes public? Say I do 15 hours, will it make a difference with exposure?
  8. @SeboleloTheEstateAgent [1 likes]: Great video. I was looking for unpublished. You helped me a lot. Thank you
  9. @princesammy320 [1 likes]: Hey, would love an answer to this question. Should I rebrand my channel (private or delete all the videos as I genuinely don’t like them anyways as I’ve changed my style of editing etc. and don’t care about the monetisation too) OR should I start a brand new channel? 

I’m asking the question from the POV of what’s best for the algorithm or is there no difference at all? I do like the current channel as it has 300 subs so one pro is that it’s closer to monetisation. Also at the time they were posted, they were good videos with good feedback and trust.

Also, I made that channel like a year ago in the education category, history videos. But now I do more niche history focused on true crime—I don’t know if that makes a difference.

Thank you 🙏
  10. @LOIZOSPRASTITIS [1 likes]: i uploaded a video on youtube as private. I added an email address to share it. However when the person received the email is not playing. why?
  11. @D_Eyewitness [1 likes]: This is great 👍🏻
  12. @ThisNewSlowLife [1 likes]: Another golden nugget from you but without the fabulous view... Many Thanks. It's been so much fun building my channel and learning from you.
  13. @BlessingOgbek-y8d [1 likes]: Thank you so much
  14. @TheRefuge316 [1 likes]: That was helpful.  Thank you.
  15. @retiredat50inUkraine [1 likes]: very good information
  16. @AkkyTV-11z: So what is members only? 5:28
  17. @Daryna-writer: Thank you!
  18. @SlightlyAbsurdVideos: Great video! If you have an old video(s) that doesn't really fit your channel's vibe, is it ok to permanently bring that video(s) back to private without it confusing your channel algorithm?
  19. @DreamyJorg: Would going unlisted first make sense for a small channel that doesn’t really get views? I saw another video recommending it.
  20. @MannuSeth-t5c: Hello 
How are shorts on youtube which  have  been set private are getting views?
How can we solve this problem?

- 14 things you MUST do after uploading a YouTube video: Kind: captions Language: en if you're serious about growing on YouTube what you do straight after uploading a video is just as important as a video itself now most small YouTubers make the same mistake after uploading every video they don't do anything they hit publish they maybe share the video once and then they just hope for the best but that's why so many new videos fail there's a reason these four videos got over 3 million views between them and that's because I have a winning upload strategy so in this video I'm breaking down the exact steps I take after every upload to make sure all of my videos actually get views I'm going to run through my personal upload process first then I'm going to give you a couple of extra tips afterwards that will help boost your overall Channel growth so make sure you don't skip any because there's going to be some things in here that I guarantee you haven't heard of before okay then first up I want to talk about your video file name now this little thing here has been the center of debate for a long time now some people love it but other people dismiss it as completely useless now personally I think it's a great little way of getting in some really good keywords for your SEO now what me and a lot of top YouTubers tend to do is they name the file name the exact same of what the title is going to be for the video or at least as closely as possible as you can see here you can literally see the entire file name which means its data is being stored and used by YouTube if you couldn't see it here I'd say yeah fair enough maybe it is useless but the fact it literally is right there shows to me that it's being used and analyzed by YouTube so it might have an impact even if that impact is really small so what you need to do is make sure when you save your video from cat cut or Premier Pro or whatever video editing software you use just make sure the file name matches your title then of course the next thing you need to concentrate on is obviously the title now I'm not going to beat you around the bush here guys your title and thumbnail are the most important things about your new video especially if you're a new or a small YouTuber because if you don't really have an audience yet the only way people will click on your videos is if your title and thumbnails are good enough so these are really important now your title needs to entice people in and make them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it it also needs to accurately depict what's going to be covered in the video like you only clicked on this video here because I promis to give you information based on things you should do after uploading a video that's literally why you clicked my title and for example all of these videos here include an important key word and basically explain what the video is going to be about shorts Vandy Barrett train algorithm and bullet train which is exactly what they're all about so when you create your title you always need to include a descriptive keyword both for SEO and just to accurately describe what your video is going to be about that's a reason why all of these four videos here did so well so if you copy the strategy yours will too I promise you so once you've smashed your title out the park it's time to concentrate on the description and there's actually really quite a lot to unpack here so please do listen up now your description is literally an absolute gold mine for helping the algorithm push your videos out so here's how I always do it for each and every video I post I basically use the transcript for each video which is pretty much just a breakdown of every word said I always have this copied into a Word document from there I open a chat gbt and then I paste it here and I basically asked chat gbt to write a fully optimized description for me here this is my last one I wrote here is the script for my latest YouTube video titled how to include SEO to make any video go viral I want you to please write me a one paragraph description for this video that is fully optimized for SEO I'm targeting new and small YouTubers who are looking to grow their channels who aren't getting many views yet these people are not yet aware of what SEO is or how it can help so this is basically exactly what I included on my video I tried to give chat gbt as much information as possible about the actual video and of course my viewers too and then it gave me this fully optimized description here that was full of key words and 100% related to the actual video having descriptions like this will boost your views trust me just give it a go now before we move on to the next section I'm going to quickly ask for those of you who aren't yet subscribed to me but are still watching my videos it's taken me 4 months to hit over 51,000 subscribers and I'm trying to hit 60,000 subscribers in the next 2 weeks so if you're enjoying this expert content I'm giving you out for free please hit that subscribe button because it really will help me a lot also I'm launching my new YouTube wealth Academy in March it's going to be the best YouTube Academy out there for 2025 and I will teach you everything from how to gain your first 100,000 subscribers how to make money without even being monetized and much much more so if you want to take your channel to the next level and earn some really good online become a founding member of my Academy just click on the d The Creator Link in the description down below and for those of you who are watching this video in the future in March or anytime after that the academy will already have been released so click on the link and grab yourself a huge discount and join one of the biggest communities out there in 2025 okay then so once you've got chat gbt to write you a killer description you then need to add your links hashtags and other supporting content so let's just unpack this all separately so links you always need to include as many links as necessary in your description these should be links to your other content and links to stuff you mentioned in your video like I literally just said you should click on the link in the description to join my Academy so I always need to make sure that link is included in the description but one extra way to boost your watch time and your views is by having links to your other content in the description but not just any links these need to be deep links but what exactly do I mean by Deep links well I want you to pay close attention to what you see on the right hand side of images I'm about to show you as you can see in example one when a viewer watches a video on the right hand side you can just see other random videos from other creators that means as soon as your viewer is done watching your video they're probably going to be looking at the right hand side there for a new video to click on to and once they've clicked on one of these videos here you've lost them for good that viewer has now gone somewhere else and they're probably not going to come back however here in example too you can see that the video suggestions on the right hand side are now all of my own videos so this means that the viewer can now only see my video suggested here so once they finish watching this video or get bored and want something else they're much more likely to click on to another one of my videos here and start watching that so let's say even just 30% of your viewers do this that's a huge amount of new watch time you're getting instead of having them just click off onto someone else's videos and losing them for good now you can do this by creating playlists listing all of your videos in that playlist that's what this is here it's just a load of videos I've included in a single playlist now obviously playlists don't just appear on the home feed when someone first loads up the YouTube app so you actually have to actively nudge your viewers into a playlist now I personally do this by using a call to action in my videos and descriptions I literally just tell my viewers to click on the playlist link below in the description if they want access to all of my content on how to grow their YouTube channels and it works a treat the best way to do this is to copy the URL of a video from the playlist or just the playlist link itself so as you can see here if I click into this playlist I can either copy the playlist URL or I can look over here to the right choose on a specific video click on the three dots and then just copy this URL link so now when a viewer clicks on this link from the description they will automatically be taken to the playlist okay that's links covered and the last thing you need to do in your description is add hashtags now for me personally I always add anywhere from 3 to five hashtags some people do up to 60 which is the limit given to you by YouTube but I personally just like to add around 3 to five especially because only three appear here now hashtags these obviously change per every video you make as they should accurately relate to each specific video but for me I personally always just include some keywords and Search terms in there that are as closely related to my video title as possible so when you guys do yours always make sure you use keywords related to your video then of course course we have our YouTube thumbnails along with your titles the thumbnail is the most important step of your YouTube video your thumbnail basically decides whether or not people are going to click on your video and watch it if you're a new channel and you have really poor thumbnails nobody is going to want to click on your video and watch it now I always create three different thumbnails and the algorithm will test all three and pick the best one for me so I would suggest if you guys have enough time to be able to do that definitely create three now when you do create a thumbnail it needs to invoke curiosity and stand out enough for people to want to click on it thumbnail design is a whole different ball game and I know a lot of people struggle with it but for thumbnail inspiration I always use a tool called one of 10 because I know that coming up with thumbnail ideas can be really difficult but this new AI tool makes it so much easier now one of 10 basically picks out all of the viral videos on YouTube gives you a ton of information about them so whenever I'm stuck with the thumbnail ideas I'll log in here and in the search bar I'm basically going to search for videos that are similar to one I'm going to create so let's say I'm going to make a video about barley travel I'll type in barley here and I'll look at all of these thumbnails from viral videos I'm then going to use these as inspiration for my next video because I know that these videos have performed really well so if I can use these as inspiration hopefully it means the thumbnail I create will also work really well you can literally use this for any Niche whatsoever even something like crypto if you wanted to okay then so that is thumbnails done as we scroll down here of course you always need to add your new video to a relevant playlist select not for kids and don't restrict my videos select no for altered content and I always make sure to uncheck these because I add my own timestamps so I don't really want YouTube to try and guess and they add their own for me and then we have taxs again these are also the center of debate when it comes to how important they are some YouTubers argue that they don't make a difference but personally if there's still an option here then they must do something even even if it's only the slightest bit of difference now a really quick and easy way of generating tags is by using a free tags generator just like this just put in your title and it's going to generate loads of SEO heavy tags for you just copy them from here into your tag box and then voila all done for you it's as simple as that now we are going to touch on subtitles but not yet that's going to be done afterwards now I personally don't ever really touch cards because I don't really think they work that well but I will always add an end screen here now I use used to choose this one here which suggests two different videos to the viewers but I've read everywhere that giving people too much Choice often actually hurts your chances of getting them to click so now I always just click this one here which is best for the viewer now all this is is basically it suggests a new video to the viewer when they come to the end of a video like this it's super useful for boosting views and watch time so you always need to include an end screen guys and always just pick best for the viewer then once you've done all that I would recommend commend under visibility here that you select private or unlisted before it goes live you should always let it sit for anywhere between 2 to 24 hours before letting it alive so this gives YouTube and the algorithm enough time to gather enough data as possible about the video before it goes live now this way all the checks are done and when it finally goes live the algorithm should know exactly who to push it out to as it's gathered all of that information about the video it should give it enough data to push it out to the Right audience first time so I always personally give mine anywhere from 2 to 24 hours just before I click live so after that once it's actually uploaded and it's out there you're also now going to want to add subtitles for different languages because having subtitles in different languages will help foreign viewers to watch and enjoy your video and they're much more likely to come back and watch more of your content if they can understand you so all you need to do once you've ater the video is go into it click on subtitles down here click on this one that says automatic captions and these are basically the captions that YouTube has automatically transcribed from your video it's all done for you by the algorithm but this does mean it can often make mistakes so just give it a quick read and make sure there's no like misspelled words or anything in there once you're happy then click publish once that's published you can then go down here and click on ADD language and you have all of these to choose from so make sure to always choose languages like Hindi for Indians Indonesian Filipino or whatever country you have that watches your channel click into one and then click on the pencil under subtitles click on autot translate and then click publish then you literally have brand new subtitles for a brand new language all for free and it will help massively in retaining those foreign viewers who want to watch your video but can't really understand your English okay then so once you've done all of that and the video is finally uploaded and posted out for everyone to see the second it goes live I need you to rewatch it now firstly if you haven't yet I need you to set up a second YouTube account and this is going to be your support account every YouTuber has this and it's basically used to give yourself some extra views and watch time so once a video is uploaded on your main Channel open up your second Channel go in and watch it straight away let it play out in full and of course make sure to give it a like and drop a comment on it too this is just a little bit of fully legal engagement boosting for you it helps get your content off the ground within the first 24 hours so if you're struggling for views I would also suggest loading up on a separate web browser on your laptop or computer where you aren't actually logged into any channel and just watch your video as well as this will also count as a view and help bump up your watch time now make sure whenever you do this that you always watch it until the end this will help your average view duration too the next really simple trick you might have heard of but you might have not have this is where you can link your shorts to your long form videos this is a great little way of getting that extra boost for your video now it's no secret that shorts can bring in massive amounts of views and YouTube has recently enabled creators to link their shorts a long for videos but I still see so many beginners forget to do this so whenever you post a new video I want you to go in and Link that new video to all of your shorts on my travel channel I would always go in with every new Vlog I posted i' go through all of my shorts and Link this new Vlog into them so when someone watches one of my shorts my new video will be listed there and it will always be offered to viewers to click on if they want see more now obviously it won't bring in millions of views but it's just a really simple way of cross-promoting your long videos and your shorts and quickly getting a lot of exposure for them now if you don't know how to do this just go into your sh on YouTube Studio click over here on related and then select your most recent upload so make sure to link every new video you post to all of your shorts it would definitely help just getting you the extra few views now on the topic of shorts if you're not yet creating shorts you're potentially missing out on a ton of new viewers it's well documented now that shorts have the ability to bring in huge amounts of views all of the biggest creators on Youtube upload clips daily and the latest AI tool behind it all is Nexus clips now it's a new AI tool that basically analyzes your videos picks the best segments out and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video it's able to effortly repurpose horizontal videos into vertical videos that you could instantly upload a shorts it also has a facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically I use this tool for all of my travel channel shorts and I got millions of views doing so okay then finally once your video has been uploaded for a while I would suggest you go through and respond to every single comment you get good or bad especially if you're a small YouTuber now for me I get thousands of comments per video so it's quite literally impossible for me to go through and respond to every single one but I do try my best but for those of you who only get a few comments per video you need to make sure you reply to each and every one of them and when you do just try to spark as much conversation as possible so everyone chips in and comments the more comments the more engagement and that's a good sign for the algorithm so that's it guys thank you very much for watching this video I hope you enjoyed this episode and I hope you learned something useful don't forget to sign up to my YouTube wealth Academy with the link below you'll receive a huge discount I go over so much in that course and I promise you you'll love it thanks for watching guys I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [787 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
👉 You'll love this next video, watch it here: https://youtu.be/ePJOMYQR_ck
  2. @SanatanaShoda03 [1 likes]: Just got started with my channel and i am really lucky to be with you guys..!! Lets all get monetised by this year end..all the best...
  3. @Ishikagoyat [1 likes]: Very helpful video, mate!❤
  4. @chadglick7664 [1 likes]: ChadGlick content is favorable….check it out
  5. @SamiraMsh-b2m: New here on YT🤞🏻
  6. @MistaBongaa: Any small creators watching right now let's interact❤
  7. @DJChameleon87: This was such an excellent step by step walk through for everything I needed to do after I had finished recording and editing my first serious video upload and had my first Thumbnail and Title already created.  I was on the YouTube upload page knowing from past videos i had watched that there was so many important things that I needed to do before hitting publish but I couldn't for the life of me remember it all since I have been watching YouTube Creator tutorials for a few months and recording and editing videos for the last month before I finally had recorded and edited a video that finally felt at least good enough to be a debut video.

Thanks for taking away the stress and walking me though all the way to hitting the publish button and then what to do immediately thereafter.

At the risk of self-promotion, here is the link to the video that is still unlisted as I am following the guidance to wait a couple hours before publishing.

https://youtu.be/qWdD0sOWS9Q
  8. @legallyblinddesign9529: i know this video is over a year old but i'm confused on the linking  your shorts to  your long form content .. I want to make sure i understand .. when I make long form content  i'm taking a short clip from that video and uploading it to shorts then linking the long form video  ( or play list  if its a series)  within that short ?
  9. @khrismamcmurray9695: With the waiting to publish suggestion, does that also include scheduled posts? If i upload a video a week in advance is youtube still getting that data to push it forward or only if its listed as private or unlisted?
  10. @huwalban: Quick question if I may on the subject of file names? For videos that are already public, is there any point in deleting and re-uploading with a new file name? Thank you
  11. @veritevivante: Hi !
I don't see it  . I can not  sign it
  12. @Justmetal73: Expert, ya right, common sense, everyone learns on their own
  13. @Wanlabbwanfam: Thanks 😊
  14. @zvaghningaming: Yeah guys.. We can do it🎉
  15. @gerdfriendlykitchen: Good luck to all new channels who are sharing worthy and good information that serve other people and help them to achieve their good goals🎉
  16. @FrecuenciaDopamina: Gracias
  17. @askhan5112: best credit cards for beginners
  18. @Mrs.DeagleDeagle: Thanks Dan, helpful tips! I started a niche gaming channel about 30 days ago just prerecorded/edited Titanfall 2 clips - using the just the EVA-8 shotgun as I've been using it strictly for the past 12 years. I have issues because part of my niche is I have an ultrawide monitor so i record in 32:9 to stand out from the 9:16 - so this makes the video look wide and skinny but much better resolution. This I think has shock factor for most used to seeing 9:16, but I'm sticking to my guns on this one. The slog to get my subs up is real, granted the channel is new, but these tips are useful. Thanks again, and good luck everyone! Wish y'all the best!
  19. @supremefootballhub8237: Subscribed today.
  20. @LaSirenitaLaurita: I will say, I will never use ai, and chatgpt. I am against the use of these two.

- How to change a video visibility to public in your YouTube channel ?: Kind: captions Language: en How to change the visibility&nbsp; of a video on YouTube to public Hello everyone! Welcome back to our channel. Today, we are back again with a new video. So, without any delay, let's get into it. First, open the YouTube application&nbsp; and log in with your account details. Click on your profile icon&nbsp; at the top right corner. Once you click on it, from the&nbsp; menu, go to YouTube Studio. After that, you will see&nbsp; the status of your videos. To see that, simply go to "Content"&nbsp; from the left-hand side menu. Under visibility, if the video is private,&nbsp;&nbsp; simply click on the private option&nbsp; and change the visibility to public. Then, after that, click on "Publish." And then, you're good to go! So, that's it! That is how easily you can change the&nbsp; visibility to public on your YouTube channel. I hope you found this video helpful. If you did, don't forget to give it a thumbs up&nbsp; and subscribe to our channel for more tutorials. Thank you for watching till the end.

- YouTube Shadowban EXPOSED: Fix Your Channel Visibility Fast!: Kind: captions Language: en is your YouTube channel hidden from your audience let's find out step one dive into your channel analytics check for sudden drops in views or engagement if you notice any anomalies it might be a sign of visibility issues next conduct a search visibility test use an incognito browser and search for your channel and videos if they don't appear That's a red flag gather feedback from your subscribers ask if they've had trouble finding your content or receiving ceing notifications their insights can be invaluable leverage external tools to detect Shadow bands there are free resources available that can help you uncover potential visibility limitations review YouTube's Community guidelines ensure your content complies with their policies to avoid any penalties if issues persist contact YouTube support submitting a support ticket can help you get individualized assistance don't let your hard work go unnoticed take control of your Channel's visibility today like share and subscribe for more YouTube tips

  Top Comments:
  1. @NeoVision-t3g: Thanks

- Turn OFF These Settings & Turn ON Visibility (Fix Your Channel Today): Kind: captions Language: en Three important settings that you need to turn on on your YouTube studio. Three important settings that you need to turn on on your YouTube studio. The number three has killed my channel. It has killed my subscribers. It has killed my growth. It has killed my views. These three things I'm telling you. If these three things that I'm I'm about to tell you, I'm about to show you now is turned off on your YouTube studio. I forget about growth. You post from from January to December. Nothing is going to happen on your YouTube because these three things is the key to YouTube growth. These three things is the key to your video to go viral. These three things is the key to attract subscribers to your own channels. So, without much being said, let's go over to our YouTube um desktop site, the YouTube studio.com site. Not the main YouTube app, not the main YouTube studio app. It's YouTube desktop site. You can check on your Chrome site and it will open. So, let's just dive into it and turn these three important settings on. The number three has killed me. It has killed my channel. It has killed my growth. It has skip everything entirely. I was I used to be stuck on I upload quality video like educated video educated video rather. I will upload educated video and my video will remain on two views like two views for complete 5 days. I'll come back and check my video is still remain on two views. So I just discovered this settings and immediately I turn it on on my studio on my YouTube studio. That's when my video start going getting views. I start having subscribers. I open my channel since my other channel. There was nothing happen nothing was happening on my channel. I was uploading videos. I was doing a lot of things. Upload quality content. the editing, the thumbnails, the the title of the video, everything was legit. But my video was not getting the views that I was expecting. So after I discovered that this channel was turned off on my channel, I I now these settings were turn was turned on on my on turn off on my channel. I have to go and turn them on. That's when I start getting views currently right now that my channel is on 400 subscribers like 420 something subscriber. This I'm telling you is it happened within 20 like it's it's in the space of one week I've already gotten 400 and something subscribers whereas I've been on on one subscriber and I was the one that used my other um YouTube account YouTube channel to subscribe to my this other channel that I'm talking about. I used my other channel to subscribe. I was in to subscribe and I remain on that one subscriber for over a week. I've been posting. It's not as if my channel was just empty. I've been uploading content. I've been posting shorts. I've been posting um videos, quality ones, educative videos. But still, my videos was not getting the visibility that I I was expecting. So after I turn on this settings, that's when my video start getting the views, the subscriber keep coming, the engagement, everything. So we are heading to 500 subscriber. very soon we'll hit 500 subscriber and very soon we hit that 1k subscriber and we'll get our watch hour and boom we will apply for monetization. So with that much being said I don't want to waste your time. Let's head over to our YouTube um YouTube um channel YouTube desktop um whatever whatever. So let's go there right now. Okay guys, let's head over to our YouTube studio, the desktop version. So now I always use Google. If you don't have Google on your phone, you can use Chrome browser. So this is me. I open my Google app and I will type YouTube YouTube Studio dashboard login. This is how it came out on my own. Your own might even be different from my own. Yes, your own might come out. YouTube.studio. You can click that one. So, this is how my own came out. When this one came out like this, I will now click it. When I click it, it will shows like this. It's the first one that I normally click. I've not tried the second one before. So, I will click this one here. When I click, I will allow it to open. Mind you, it's not the YouTube Studio app. Is not even the main YouTube app. Is the Chrome is the Chrome version of it. The Chrome browse YouTube. So, here is my channel. Here is my channel. So, now let's go into the three settings. The third setting of this thing is the most powerful settings. This one. Meanwhile, this this my YouTube um channel is the one I just open. I don't think it's up to a week yet. I don't think I've already hit 17 subscribers. I don't know if you understand me. This YouTube account is not up to a week yet, but yet I've already hit up to 17 subscriber. As you can see, most of my videos are doing well. They they're not doing bad. Yes, for YouTube account, YouTube channel that is not even up to 20. Um, that is not up to, let me just say 14 days yet. Yet, it's it's having the views. Look at it's having the views. Have you seen it? So let's go into the menes of today. Let's leave this one for another day. So now you click your setting here. You click here as you're setting down. It's down by your right hand by your left hand side rather. It's down as you're holding your phone is below the down. It's very very tiny. So it's down by your left hand side. You click the settings, you come to channel. When it come out like this, you click channel. You see channel, you click the channel. When you click the channel, it will come out like this. Skip all these ones first. Then you click advanc settings. When you click advanced settings, this is the first one here. You have to turn this on. You have to differentiate. If your channel is mainly for kid, you click it. Unless your channel is not mainly for kids, that is when you not click the Yes, you click the second one. If your channel is mainly for kids, you click this first one. If you are posting all these cartoon character for children, you can use the first one. But if you are not posting anything that is related to kids, my dear, you have no business with this first one. The one that you click is the second one. No. Set this channel as not made for kids. Have you seen it? I almost never upload content that is made for kids. This one, the middle one, is the one that you click. Do not go and click another one. Please don't go and click another one. Please. And this the other one under this one is automation caption. Automatic caption rather. The thing is somehow tiny. So if you want to do it, you have to zoom in so that you not you see very well what you are doing. This the other one is auto automatic caption. Yeah, automatic caption. Don't show potentially inappropriate words. Yes, you can click this one because of all the if word that maybe we have been using. This one is based on kids or something. If your channel is mainly for kids in here, this is when you turn this thing on. But if your channel is adult channel, you can leave it because it's not really necessary. You get so this one here if your this if you're using an AI tools allow third party companies to train AI models using channel content. You can you allow this take party. Okay, let not let's not click it. It it you have to read this thing first. If you select this option, YouTube may share your videos with a third party company provided that you you you and all other applicable rights holder have chosen to allow that that company. The training permission status of all videos will be available through a public a public a publicly accessible interface. Okay, this one is if you are using a copyright um maybe your video is copyright you can allow it so that people can share revenue. So that is for this one. Then let's go into the second one. The second one is feature eligibility. You click it feature eligibility. You see this three green enable enable enable thing my dear. You do not joke with it. You cannot create a channel and you will not upload the necessary your necessary information. The first one is your upload a video. Create playlist and add collaborate collaborator and new video to playlist in here. You have to create a playlist. When once you upload your video maybe you put it under this category is under this is under that. Then this second one is intermediate feature. This one the first one was standard feature. The second one is intermediate feature. Then the second one is video over 15 minutes custom thumbnails and live streaming. Okay. The third one is increased daily video upload and live stream and eligibility to apply for monetization. So when once you click here you you enable all these things. This is the benefit that you'll be benefiting. Do you get? So the first one is your phone number I think. So yes when I did my own it was it lead me to phone number where I can put my phone number. Why the second one is where I can do I think the second one was I can't really remember but if you click you will see it. If you click it you will see it. Okay. So the third one was your document your N or your passport your N or anything may have already enable them so it will not click again. So that is it. This is second thing that you need to turn on on your video or your on your channel rather so that your the algorithm can push your channel to the right audience. you will just um create a YouTube channel and you end up just leave it like that. My dear, you are on a a long run. I'm telling you, you are on a long run. You better start enabling all these things. Start turning on all these things so that your channel, the YouTube algorithm can push your videos, your channels to people that really want them, to people that is in your niche. Okay? so that they will not put it in a wrong pages that at the end of the day they will not be scrolling off scroll scroll past your video. I don't know if you understand. So let's go into the third one. The third one also you go to is under settings. You go to your settings you click it allow it to open. Go to your channel. After that you check this is the last one. Basic info this keywords. Mhm. is a very is very very important this keywords here. Make sure that you put the correct keyword. If you don't know the correct keyword that your channel is all about the correct keyword that you can put, go to chat GBT. Go to GPT. I chart GPT. I don't know. Go to that app and type H GPT. input the correct form that um um I just created a YouTube channel and my channel is all about this. Describe your channel all about this and please give me a correct keyword that I can input on my channel will give you correct keyword that you can input on your channel. Okay, so make sure that you turn all these things on. Make sure that this thing is on because if this thing is not on you are on a long run. Okay, you are on a long run. Also put do not forget to put your your country of residence. It's very very important. If you are based in Nigeria, put Nigeria. If you are based in UK, put UK. Wherever you are based, put the country of your resident. Do not go and put um UK while you are in Nigeria because it will affect you with time. When the time reach when the right time come for monetization, it's going to affect you unless you come and change it before monetization. So this is another one. This one is Jara. I'm just giving you guys this one as Jara because I can't keep it to myself. Why my people are here? This one is Jara. Let's go to general. General. Click now. Have you? No, I don't think it's here. No, not here. I think is keyword advanced setting. Okay, let's go back. It's not here. This one is under your your this thing your your um settings. My my videos are doing well. They're really really doing well. My videos are really really doing well. And I'm proud of myself. I'm super proud of myself. So guys, um maybe I will do a video on that one. So that will be all for now. Okay. So if you find this video helpful or if you like what I just share with you, please hit the subscribe button. Comment on if what I'm saying is not what you are not satisfied with what I'm saying, do not hesitate to comment. argue that is this is not it or put your own contribution. Please comment. Always comment. Comment your comments is it it means a whole lot to me because with your comments that is when I will know what to do next. That is when I will I will know what to adjust on my video and know what to add on my video also. So with your comments I will know ah this thing and I will also go and make my own findings my own research. So please do not always keep comment to yourself. Always put that comment. Comment wherever whatever thing that you are not satisfied. Comment whatever thing you are find it helpful. Tell me thank you in the comment section. Please share this video. Like it please. Let's grow together. Small YouTuber. Please let's grow together. I beg. Let's grow together. Thank you for watching from the starting to the end. If you find this video helpful, I I've come again to say please comment, like, share this video. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tuzuru254 [1 likes]: Thank you for this info!!❤

- Kenji Reacts To Clips That Got Him CANCELLED...: Kind: captions Language: en Kenji Cahoot 1 million subscriber special. You guys made a bunch of I guess like a clip compilation. We're going to watch it and see what's good. It's Jasuki. Welcome to Kenji Cahoot. You have 10 seconds to answer the question relating to each clip. There are 16 in total. Can you guess all of them correctly? Of course I can. Cuz I don't think so. Of course I can. Prove me wrong. I will. Just wash the coochie. I'mma knock the dust off it. What I need a washer for? We going to be dusting that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's like sandpaper in that mother. Oh no juices. Oh my god. What does Kenji say or do next? My bad. Spits on it. Chat, shut the up. Dims to the next subject. I'm going to say my bad, bro. I can't defend you here. Nah, bro. I'm going to say my bad. I'm not going to spit on it. That's disgusting. [Music] Yo, the SP My god. Question two. Minty, I need this. Minty, please. I just debuted. If you don't let me win, I'll kill son right now. I'll yank this mother off my shoulder. Turn that mother into meat. What meat will Kenji cook son into? A barbecue, a burger, a cutlet, a steak? A steak? I like steak. I'm I'm going to turn that mother into a little steak. Making sun cutlets. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If I was a girl. Oh, this is easy. I would become a hoe. Easy, easy. Yep. I'd be a hoe. But a smart one. I'm talking my coochie. You going to have to pay for this coochie. You going have to treat this coochie right. This kitty meow meow is not for free, sweetheart. I ain't letting no regular Joemo that works ating McDonald's hit me. Y'all be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with people with cricket wireless and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with a mother at Starbucks. Let them knock the dust off your coochie. You're going to get paid to get this. You ain't clapping my cheeks if you got no minimum wage at Kenji. Nah, cuz a lot of y'all be prostitution. It's 2023. I don't care what you call it, but I'm doing it. You question four. What the you? I've got a problem with you. What problem you got with me? It is currently 6:39 in the morning. Okay. Ew. Ooh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Damn, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] smell. Oh my god. What the What the was that? You nasty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's in my eyes. I can smell that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from here. Mods ban them. I'm going to say it's in my eyes. I'm going say it's in my eyes. I know. Yep. It's in my eyes. The cut off is crazy. Question five. Kenji, the kids miss you. Who the kids? Who them? Who the kids? You talking about them kids that ain't mine, man? Them kids. How does Kenji respond to this question? Says the kids aren't his. Claims he left for a reason. Tells the kids he never loved him. All of the above I left for a reason. I made sure I I told them I didn't like them either. I don't know why they love me. Why? Why they miss me? I told them I said, "Listen, I don't love you little ugly ass kids. You not mine. You never going to be mine. That's me. Question six. I once I once took a picture with whipped cream on me and sent it to a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I swear to God, I swear on everything. You got to stand out. I had to stand out. Like chat, you got to stand out. You got to stand out. Sometimes you got to stand out. You know what I mean? People over here trying to be her peace. They trying to be her problem. But are they trying to be that dessert though? Cuz chat, listen. I'm trying to get that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Eat me up cuz I'm a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dessert. I don't know. I don't know. Eat me up, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Eat me up. You know what I mean? Question seven. Bye. Let's take it. A, that's so cool. I'm happy she can embrace it. Begins to wiggle. Continues to compliment her. Continues to compliment her. For sure. For sure. I'm going to compliment her. I put a plunger on that bitch's forehead. Start going crazy. Sorry. What's your type? You imagine what my type is? I'mma assume you trying to I'll tell you what my type is. Type B positive. Type two diabetes. You your mother. I'mma say your mother. I can never stop a good your mother joke, bro. Oh, type two diabetes. Sorry, I got com on my lip. I mean, not comb saliva on my lip. B, I'm hungry and I'ming on myself. What does Felix do next? Call chat gay. Call chat bitchless. Call chat weird. Call chat weird. They're weird. They're weird. It's weird. Gay. Your gay ass. Gay. Shut your gay ass up. Shut up. Tell you gay. Shut up. Shut up. I say nothing. Gay ass. Question 10. Look at the chat. This is cool. It's very Felix. Why are you saying Felix? Felix. Felix. Why y'all saying Felix? Why y'all saying Felix? You said I said Felix. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's in mying brain, bro. I'm thinking about him. I love him so much. I'm sorry. He's so pretty. I think about him all the time. He infected my brain. If you look at my Twitter likes, it's just so much feelings. I swear to God, gay. I'm not gay. You gay. Put your gay ass up. I'm not gay. Look at the chat. This is cool. It's very Christmassy. You can see it's pinned a thousand. Cheer. This is cool. I like how that look. Look. Hey, Heaven likes cake. I like cake, too. Let me get a slice of that. I know your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got mold on it. Not as much as you though. Let me eat your cake. Yellow. I'm saying yellow. Let me eat your cake, girl. Let me Oh my god, it's a bunch of me. Do I sound cool? Bonus question. What does Kenji do next? Flirt with himself, argue with himself, calmly talk to himself, boost his own ego. Probably all the above. 15 caps here. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Question 11. Kenji didn't didn't push them out. Who? You didn't push them out. Who didn't push? I pushed all y'all out. Y'all gave me stretch marks and y'all took after your father. Ugly. Y'all are my seedlings. I'mma stay green, bro. Y'all gave me stretch marks. Nuchi was justing rapid firing y'all out. That's how it sound. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] She would hear like it it it sound like the washing machine on, but really it's um I'm smacking it. So you pegging a toaster. Pegging. I'm going crazy on that mother. What? There's contact. There's context. There's how does catch refer to himself? No, hold on. Hold on. There's context. I was talking about there's robots. If there was sexual robots, it would sound like a washing machine on full blast cuz I'm a speaker. Smoke. That's the context. By the way, I'm a fork or a piece of bread, a blender. I'm putting this little robo leg behind its ear. I'm twisting that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Call me the blender the way I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I'm in that mother. I'm going crazy on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We got to delete this internet. We got to delete this off the internet. I want to play. You are amazing. Kenji, shut your ass up. What does Kenji do or say next? Call the chat a simp. Cuss the chatter out. None of the above. Get distracted and start stmming. Yellow. Yellow. S. I'm sorry. I don't know what's going on with me. I'm Question 14. Wait, I got to look pretty. Which model does he pick? The alien, the elf, Denji, or Gojo. I'm going say the elf, bro. I love the elf. Denji. Yeah, perfect. Yeah. No, I like that. I'm kicking my feet, too. You You can't see them now. Let me get a little bit closer. Let me get a little bit closer. Oh, wow. Oh, I love I love your nails. Your nails look good. Hey, you know what? Looking at them little nails. Stare at them titties. I stare at them titties, chat. Are Egyptian goddesses, you know? You guys are are ancient. You're like Cleopatra. I mean, you know what Cleopatra was doing, right? You remember? You know Cleopatra getting covered in that nice, right? I know. I'm so kind to you guys. Getting covered in nut. None of the above. Beautiful light chat. Brave light chat. Green. Cuz Cleopatra, she used to like bathe in. She used to have a bunch of people just nut on her and just bathe in it. Yeah. So that's why I call you your pyramid. You like Cleopatra for real? Getting covered in the showered for real. Say this is the last one, right? Wait, what do we got to do here? Destroy your car for money. This doesn't seem like a game I would like. Like, I'm not a destructive person. You know what I mean? Well, what can you do next? Run over pedestrian, explode the car, crash into a pole, swerve, and fall off the map. I'm finding someone to run over, bro. Red. [Applause] Jello, how many did you get right? I got like three. Comment down below. One last thing. Congrats on 1 million. Thank you. This was nice. I like this video. Really cool video. Thank you for making it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenjiPlus [2500 likes]: WHAT WAS YOUR FAVORITE CLIP??
  2. @lawqalph18083 [4 likes]: 2:36 lol his voice was so different back then its kinda cute that his voice got deeper as he grew up
  3. @forest_wisppss [4 likes]: Kenji doesn’t even know himself😭 1:47
  4. @caualokocarneiro6103 [3 likes]: Bro is having a self-awareness experience
  5. @Aluna1126 [2 likes]: Bro is arguing to himself 🙏
  6. @littlekris1098 [1 likes]: It's okay Kenji I mean tina it's just sometimes when you have the right moment especially when it comes to inappropriate jokes instead of thinking you have to take that moment and use it to the best you can
  7. @JovannaXD [1 likes]: BUT I GOT TYPE 1 DIABETES
  8. @BiGbOoOtieTiCkLeR [1 likes]: KENJI A STAYYYY
  9. @layzesextrapinkytoe [1 likes]: Acting as if he wasn’t the one saying it
  10. @LESBA_NIESE [1 likes]: Kenji don't even remember saying ts😔🥹🥹
  11. @ad0ringnightz [1 likes]: he’s laughing at how funny he is LMAO
  12. @KyawSwarLin-d5w: 6:22 Old Kenji: "chat you're gay a$$"
Current Kenji: "YOU GAY, WATCH YOUR GAY ASS"

yea...bro never change, history repeats itself
  13. @Th3FaerieKing: Chat was so flattered on question 15 and then switched very quick to "OH"💔
  14. @Hi_Zye: 6:21 history repeats itself 😂
  15. @InezFantauzzi: Imagine being so random you don't even know yourself 😂
  16. @Minipops-f5k: How come he doesn’t know what he said himself 😂
  17. @nexus-c1r: i got 1 XD
  18. @ArniaJenlz: Bro shocked by his own  words ToT
  19. @mscutebutdeadly3834: No more 'You won't believe what happens next' ads - all thanks to Blockify
  20. @nakynie463: This is peak

- Get Ready to Cry! Emotional James Blunt Reaction Video: Kind: captions Language: en everyone has been saying oh please please do James Blunt monsters so I'm like okay okay before they turn off all the light won't read you your wrongs are your right the time has [Music] gone that piano in the bag love you once more the time has gone so here it is I'm not your son you're not my father we just to go and saying goodbye no need to forgive no need to forget I know your mistakes and you know mine and while you're sleeping I'll try to make you proud so Daddy you won't you just close your eyes don't be afraid it's my turn to chase the monsters away oh well I'll read a story to you only difference is this one is true the time has gone I folded your clothes on the chair I hope you sleep well don't be scared time has is I'm not your son you're now my father we're just two grown men saying goodbye now need to forgive no need to forget I know your mistakes and you know to make you proud so Daddy won't you just close your eyes don't be afraid it's my turn to chase the monsters when lifetimes yes and breing the last word you can feel my hand on your I will be the last one so I leave a light on let there be no darkness in your heart but I'm not your son you're not my father we just two grown men saying mine and while you're sleeping I'll try to make you proud so Daddy W you just close your eyes don't be afraid it's my to Chas mon that was crazy I did not expect

  Top Comments:
  1. @EpicReactsHub78 [106 likes]: Thank you so much for watching! We are almost 500! Please, subscribe! Let’s be 1000!
  2. @Unclejohnfromaustralia [3 likes]: i saw this man live last year.
The amount of energy and charm this man brings to the stage is immensely impressive
  3. @JoséSérgioGamileira [1 likes]: O Britânico James Blunt deu início a sua carreira no ano 2000 um dos mas renomado cantor da atualidade um talento que faz dele um gênio da música mundial indiscutívelmente ele tem um dom que poucos cantores tem cantando ele consegue transmitir sentimento e emoção ele mesmo não conseguiu se conter ao se emocionar de verdade... cantando na presença de seu pai a propósito ele compôs essa canção para o próprio pai dele cantor compositor e instrumentista uma bela voz que realmente mexe com alma meus parabéns James Blunt você se encontra muito acima da média uma obra prima da música merece todo o reconhecimento e ser aplaudindo de pé etc...
  4. @Maxim2016-y3p: Here in May of 26'....2 years ago I lost my mother....this song still hits me hard!  RIP mama!  Love and miss you every day.
  5. @george-s8s9b: attention three dead blondes listening
  6. @MarkRoberts-m4v: Thank you James Blunt for this overwhelmingly emotional song
I was 11 years old when my mother died… 
I, together with my two brother & two sisters grew up with a father that just wasn’t interested in his children…
I am now 77 years old & this beautiful sad song always makes me weep for what I never had and never  lost! 
❤
  7. @Penoglipe: Why tf did i decide to watch people reacring to it…ugh
  8. @Unclejohnfromaustralia: This is like Father and Son by Cat Stevens
  9. @ILikeUrCutG-mh7my: try not to cry
  10. @gentle6012: Essa música, pra quem perdeu seu pai ,toca profundamente 😢
  11. @george-s8s9b: too many dead people on this video
  12. @george-s8s9b: if this doesnt bring tears to your eyes your dead inside
  13. @george-s8s9b: if you dont feel this your dead inside
  14. @GazEdwards8690: I lost my dad on the 3rd of November 2023  we stayed with him for 3 days until the end he was there for my first breath and I was there for his last miss you dad.
  15. @unclechrome8117: This song hits hard I lost my wife, father ,and aunt within 3 mounth
  16. @johnwick1710: sharon cuneta? first girl in the video. is that youu
  17. @tonyguerrier2258: Lost my father in 2000, his birthday is next week. Dang this hit hard.
  18. @chrisquader3637: I live in Australia and I had not seen my dad in 34 years until last year. I finally got to see him in May 2025  and we reconnected in a completely positive way like we did when I was a kid. I spoke to him after that and he asked me to come back to the UK before he passed away and that he would make sure to wait for me to come. I got back in May with my son grandson and great grandson we has 5 gens together. One morning i played that song on guitar and sung it as best as i could for him. He passed away a hour later. The most emotional moment of my life thus far
  19. @krzysiekgasiorek1122: Jeden z nielixznych arystow ktorych piosenki powoduja  u mnie lzy
  20. @robithamorata1459: Maaf...belum bisa menjadi ayah yang baik

- CLIPS THAT MADE *CaseOh* FAMOUS!: Kind: captions Language: en you know who that is Toby jinxy the white speed shut up not again vickar to jizzel do you know who queso is that's cheese in Spanish I'm not going to lie I don't even know if that's how it's pronounced it might be Casio geso it might be queso it might be yeah basically big streamer when I first saw that word I thought it was a phone case company I'll be honest ah he's missing a trick if you don't launch one yeah for real for real also he reminds me of angry Ginge in this still not angry Ginge um ginges have souls kid okay cuz he's Ginger right he reminds me more of Tim the T man I I that's where I would have gone but well we're going to educate ourselves CH would you eat me if given the chance be honest ex I couldn't even start it would take 11 months my God queso would be enough food for a year your weight would feed a full bloodline for 20 years 50,000 calories calorie challenge anyone ni this is the same guy yeah I'm shutting the stream off ban everybody that said of course everybody say it of course there's absolutely no way I just click through the staircase or you jum it you're too fat to be doing that oh my god of course it's so funny what's good Johnny dip Johnny dip say kric muffins oh my God 21 L scavenge what do you mean Bros built like a one by one Lego piece what do you me want to see you can jump on yeah I'll go first all right I I have a preyer I'm going to try to get my knees up you know who that is T JY dude shut up not again 81 K Chad who had a higher leap everyone said what do you say brace for what do you mean Earth Australia's underwater what are you on oh okay our survey says friend you blown it he's Frozen face Cam's broken all right I didn't eat the camera who just said what did the face cam taste like I didn't eat the face cam excuse yo yo come on yo I don't even be eating like that I weigh in this morning at 1:19 what you laughing at my thing kilogram or pounds what well why my kitchen sink oh no one FK Chad don't you dare type one Chad don't you dare Jeffrey Jeffrey dinner you're cancel D first off Dr Mike for my 600 lb life I don't I have I there's no at least his audience is like inv what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that Grim at least he paused it before he run away he's paused it in where we don't want it paused though that is so Scout with the five gifted thank you Scout this is the fastest I've seen him move guy who said that's the fastest I've seen a moov it was me okay that's good you're in the floor I'm not I'm it's you fell through the [Music] map okay so you fell through the map oh my God you're back nice you got it working okay nice there's no way it won't support me okay Ralph from Happy Days why did my dad just say that why did my actual dad just say that it's on stream all my dad yeah you're done dad you're done so is top and who his botom when you and sleep stream bro that's not even a question buy what what you mean that's not even a question no I mean like bro okay bro we're not doing a sleep stream chat I'll die what the oh his chat is so creative oh that one's bored oh boror y thank you so much yo thank you so much for that beautiful message man I just I might mod you thank you man wait for next one's going to be bad is it unique buny Ty it's heartfelt see now they're just trying to be nice I don't think youi are you kidding me what are we his chat a joke his chat so good yo what does it say it's justess me out that when people show this screen what yeah it kind of this planet made you send me 55k sub whatever this hoodie is what size can I even wear it damn what size is it ban this dude from the chat or the uh ban him it's a 3XL I need a 4X Solider list you know the insult was cool and all of that and I wasn't going to ban you for that but the fact that you threw a salad up on the stream on the screen you're banned from the Discord and you're banned from the twitch and great every single social media platform that I am on you are off of it you going to stay the longest you're going to stay the farthest away from me in how many people 30,000 I was going to say B any of them and also you're thrown in jail for 25 years does something hilar they write something hilarious you don't want to ban them CU they yeah I was going to say time out little timeout what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I guess case had an obcd attack after eating that get him out what is a obcd attack OB attack obesity what are we doing OB BCD is crazy Y come on man there's a tree down there if you're going to jump let me know so I can hold on to something oh my gosh lethal company what game Ethan's favorite game I'm sorry okay yo $33 from Lucas hey my ex-husband Lucas I'm not your ex-husband man you're my favorite borderline homeless very destitute you look like Jay sky and who is J Sky oh it's not who is Jay Sky it's what J G here 7 out of 10 potatoes what a crossover's he looks so confused yo yo he took two bites and swallowed he might as well even not bat at all that's literally how you I you show even me his chat is actually is so good that was amazing Ethan shouldn't have gone to the gym he should have started started getting abused by his chat he could have could have could have had 50k subs thank you all for tuning in we don't condone any of these messages unless they're really really he getting rich from these he getting rich

  Top Comments:
  1. @ViPEr-26-PB [1 likes]: Parallel parking in the shower😂😂
  2. @mavia1167 [1 likes]: We need a part 2!!!!!!!
  3. @elisakimpe: Gotta love Americans supporting this guy, dropped school, to lazy to work and mommy and daddy still on this day controling his money. The land of freedom🤣🤣🤣
  4. @SoMeGuY_18_vK: he is like 6 foot 5 bro is a giant from clash of clans
  5. @TrumpTouchesKeeds: He reminds me of the preggers version of mma guru.
  6. @The..Commenter: Need caseoh in some sort of sidemen vid
  7. @WRLDOfSad: Caseoh always been the goat
  8. @plizmaticpierce: Case literally makes money from being burned a good 99% of his stream time.
  9. @dysiee: Jesus Christ Is The Answer, Jesus Loves Yoy God Bless 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
  10. @gregoryjakie338: Hn
  11. @HambinoRuiz: Please please bring back jynxi and add sketch and caseoh for an among us video. It would be a banger!!
  12. @AmericanTruth911: Loud noises
  13. @พลังทางทหารไทย360: These are some of the most creative roasts ever😂
  14. @GaryRubusch-n6r: Simon saying “Big Streamer”
  15. @RotBloxVizard: This is the first time i herd of him
  16. @HyperHyper-o5d: 7:56 it basically means that u are a ferris wheel
  17. @Wildcardeditz77: They reacted to Lucifer Morningcarbs from the Hazbinge eating hotel
  18. @BlazingDiancie: "White Speed" is fucking VILE LMAO
  19. @TharuPLaysPiano: first?
  20. @dustytherobo: This is mean

- I Did A Try Not To Laugh With My Viewers...: Kind: captions Language: en starting out we're doing a memes for Joe uh first one that we're ever doing on the channel a little dub for that uh you guys set in a bunch of what you defined as funny Tik toks the reason I say what you defined is because uh a lot of you guys sent in really videos uh that weren't funny at all uh I don't know because I'm not watching that didn't watch them because that would spoil it uh but elsis watched them uh and uh elsis told me that you guys sent some of the worst videos ever uh so Elsa sifted through the actual poop that you guys sent uh and compiled some of the funny videos and we're going to do a try not to laugh at the end of it I actually have my own funny videos as well um so we're going to be watching those as well that I that I added tacked on to the end we'll compare Joe Bart's selected videos versus chats is it playing out there it [Music] is all right all right starting off starting off great starting off great that wasn't a laugh that was not a laugh that was a that that was more of a sigh school football team losing by 42 to7 the cheerleaders I want to I want to laugh I want to laugh but I'm going to have to suppress the laughs when they're funny I've seen that video so I wasn't going to laugh at that one I knew it was going to happen me walking past the Walmart camera with 26 PlayStation gift cards up just to find they don't work when I get home bro the yo I honestly used to think that when I was a kid when you would walk past the gift cards you're like they just have these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right here they just have these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just out for the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] taking stop press R3 8-year-old 8-year-old me for the next 30 minutes work this sh he pulling up to a slot machine with my son's open heart surgery money I can get him two hearts when I win oh my God this be pen from Heaven oh my goodness chicken salad Deluxe everybody agreed that se segregation was the worst thing this country ever oh my god dude the I've seen that clip before when he said segregation was the worst was the worst thing buddy was about to say best you know it would make a perfect gift for Christmas just saying yeah why y'all put cheese on my cheese oh my god dude some of these are so loud cheeseburger I'm sorry what shut your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ass I'm going come in there sh shoot your 2 a.m. in the pitch black after I missed a step of the stairs while on my way to drink to get a drink of water I'm about to meet Jesus birthday oh I've seen this video this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] disgusting man I ain't going to lie that bit was hitting I'mma eat the other half later that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ate the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sandwich sideways oh my God bro bro no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way sandwich was so good had to saved the other lap oh oh oh wait wait wait wait he's under a blanket ah he's safe [Applause] be oh my god dude why are they sitting so close to the stage that would honestly kill you would that kill you if that landed on you yeah if that hit you in the head that's probably like 500 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pounds me ripping my me ripping my son trash ass drawing draw get man I'm free that was the worst video thus far that was the worst video thus far Grandpa every time the elderly home staff forgot to lock his room just kind of fell on the stop dude I've [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seen this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah I was I I spored I I poured [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] water on my keyboard and I was shaking it off but the way the camera cuts off it looks weird Joe on stream Joe what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what do you mean on stream Joe what the f all right seniors let's open these windows so the world can see your nice white clothes friend I don't see her turn around not M [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up yo that's actually messed up bro they made her look like the rabbit's person bro what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is wrong with you no get in your car dude get in your car I'm in my car that's fair fair that's a fair point that's a fair point yep all right me taking up four seats on the subway so the pregnant Mother with three kids can't sit down just l laying down literally laying in the subway the family passes you and they and they they give you that look like oh can you get up because they're not going to ask right they give you that look and you just go just start playing Clash of Clans just did they just start staring at you you're going to get up you just you just launch that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you just start you start attacking in Clash Royale you like glance at them they're like excuse me and you're like don't you see I'm mid attack me started me starting to tweak while playing Uno because I placed a plus4 and all of a sudden everybody at the table as plus4 now I have to draw 20 feature is I mean you're a big black a big back uh your your good run black uh back um basically you know you have good hands what do you think your best feature is yo the other dog's like you good what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like actually concerned I'm crying stop y'all y'all are being mean why wouldn't she just eat why is she acting like that's that big of a deal y'all ever been out somewhere and like flies land on your food I'll still eat that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did you know LeBron James's name originated from his first name which is LeBron and his last name which is James it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid Simon says look down rub your eyes did you know if you put a wooden spoon on your dude I saw somebody I that that one was decent I saw somebody do one with this edit to me and it was when when you're alone on a squad and your teammates tell you to wait up before pushing what I hear and so it's when you just solo push a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] entire fourman Squad in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fortnite did you know if you put a wooden spoon on your pot while it's boiling boiling the pot spoon water will the spill water pot The Boiling Pot water steam spoon wood it's not funny God that bread looks good God that bread looks [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good dude wow dude you see how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moist that bread looks Jesus Christ it's like fluffy it's like Miss shaping though I don't like that me with two pens that I found on the floor yo that one kid that one kid that was really good at doing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] two pens where it was like failing all of his classes but he's really good at doing this on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] table with two pens just making a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] beat when you're walking around your new Minecraft house and find a room you forgot to put a torch in that's way worse when it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] creeper oh my god oh my god dude when it when it's like a toddler staring at somebody in a wheelchair like they've never seen somebody in a wheelchair before that's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] true that's five I've laughed five times that's so true I was trying to hold that one in to step back I yo same video that's all count if I laugh same time same video would you rather get frozen into a block of ice by Mr Freeze or get kicked in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head by Batman easy I hate being C so I Pi being kicked in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] head by hello right every time I come in the kit you in the me choosing dinner with R Kelly over 500k what type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hypothetical that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this n it's way worse it's way worse when you're getting your hair [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and you're staring at the mirror the whole time and they're starting to cut off like you'll be like yeah just just a little off the top and you're you're just like just sitting there like you're not paying attention just waiting for them just waiting for them to be done so and they're like this good you're like yeah thanks [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you get out you get out of the story [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that an alligator how the alligator fall off the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] route arguing with me is pointless I knew I was wrong 10 minutes ago I'm just trying to piss you off now oh holy mother god wow I've seen this so I'm not going to laugh at it t t me am trying to tell if there's a demon in my room or if it's just my clothes yeah you hear a little sound is he's going to bring in alcohol yeah wow Johnny Walker Black Label good choice good choice though good choice who are you talking to right now I'm done anymore we saw this one already hey B for real bro do I look high yo you know if somebody ever asks you do I look high they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're too they're way too high every like anytime I've ever asked like Brooke or somebody do I look high that's cuz I'm obscenely high like you're you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cooked because otherwise you're not going to ask that question like you you're you're like do I look high because like you don't then you start it's when you start getting so high that you're self-conscious about how high you are so you start asking other people if you look high because you want to know if you look too high that's the worst that's the worst the worst or you're at an or you're at like an airport bro being taking a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the airport bathroom's the worst you got like one game on your phone that uses no Wi-fi so you bring it and it's like some shitty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] TW I like I had 2048 or whatever it was that one game where you would just like slide numbers over that was like dude you take a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Airport bathroom people are waiting for you that's stressful you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sitting there uncomfortable as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in a moving plane that's flying through the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sky uh the toilet paper's ass you're bored right it's just the wor I would honestly say taking a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the air in an airplane is the worst [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you could possibly take oh my God hello Amanda dude I want to laugh but I just have to stay silent if I'm like if I talk I'm going to laugh McDonald's employee sir we stops during breakfast 5 minutes ago you know he runs into someone coming up the stairs probably scared the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of him I would be pretty freaked out if I was coming up the stairs and a dog God that wasn't even funny how be sitting in class with zero hours of sleep trying to blow the teacher up with my mind this is the coolest piece this is like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like is it's like that one gorilla tag map remember shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up you to focus on the tip of this pen so just follow it with your eyes Okay mhm e use Ranch for your pizza rolles but it's good you got to try it fine I guess I will God me resisting the urge to say you can't park there sir at the man inside the burning car wrapped around a tree oh my God I really wish I had a shopping cart right now A there's none around there we go this isn't even relatable like that's not even a who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made this meme saying hi to a friend but their nuts are hanging out when the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] does that ever happen receptionist at the hospital when you tell her you've been stabb 15 times require immediate medical attention [Laughter] oh my God oh my God that was sack God I hate Chihuahuas I just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh my god dude I just hate chihuahuas go all the way when I die of painful and violent death death in a car wrecked because I was trying to read the fun facts on the U-Haul truck next to me yo honestly that is kind of stupid they have that like I know it's marketing and same thing with like Billboards I don't want to say Billboards are like dumb because I know they're good marketing but like bro having stuff that people need to read and distract them from driving is like entirely unsa on a highway like on like 30 mph whatever right dude I would never I like on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're going 85 on a highway you pass some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sign about a casino and you're just like should I don't know worried about your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] feelings coming out nice wow please God come on buddy come on you got this no no praying for it to flush oh see this is when you're in a brutal point I've been here I've been here and this is a point of no return you are without a doubt even if it doesn't overflow you now have to accept the fact that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] water will get on the floor oh that's smart I would never do that I would just eat the fact that I'm going to get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] water on the ground and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shove a plunger in there up and now you're gone this is like gross why doesn't he just use the plunger and then like mop up the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] water me after mixing a bunch of random chemicals to clean the bathroom with the door closed oh yeah you could make mustard gas yeah like that dude there's a lot of people that have died like that like maids that were cleaning a bathtub with bleach and ammonia and then just died yo if you posted your Apple replay today what are you doing man seriously you're scaring the host it's like seeing a crackhead at the red light being like Oh yeah okay oh my God bro no that's actually bro when I had a whenever I drive to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] New York or Philly bro and you're like going to a big city and you hit a stop sign and then some guy just starts walking up to your window you're like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're starting banging on it and I'm like I'm sitting there like bro because I could clearly tell like I want to help them like I've I've given money to homeless people I've given food to homeless people but like when they're clearly on drugs like as they're walking up to you I'm not going to give them money because I know they're going to go bu crack or whatever the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they're on right but like you could tell when they're like sitting there like nodding off they're on pills they're on something like they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] obviously strung out right now like I'm not going to give them something these are my memes apparently I sent these um I remember sending a lot of memes to him but I don't remember sending this many we in place Buford Buford you listening now get this I'm allowed to laugh at these that's when the subcommittee had to reallocate the funds and then I got turkey giblets for you sit sit I love dog videos a lot of these are going to be dog videos speak speak good boy yo you know that shit's trash when a dog won't eat it oh my God bro like he starts shaking his head oh I don't think he liked it oh oh oh no oh King out here we out here this is how high I am so these were frozen Froggies in a pan um and I'm God that makes a weird sounds sounds like I'm like pan fry Marbles and I was thinking God if they had to do a his heavy breathing makes it [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hilarious he's like God if they ever had to do a movie Jamie please you've father's been very sad father wouldn't know sadness if it died in his bed but I'll come home for you my boy my sweet boy come on oh Arthur oh my God she's actively burning bro thank you she's missing an arm it's good to see you Mary and you Arthur and you is it always a big girl winter or this year specifically it's a big girl winter it's been a big girl winter since um 44 bcy go go what's up Michael I told you be careful huh you have big eye and small face I like what's your weat god dude I laughed at that I I remember laughing at that bro because the first time I saw it I just did not expect him to say that but now I've seen it so many times like you know when you find a video so funny you watch it so many times till you run it into the ground and then it's like not funny anymore what you going to be for Halloween a GH what are ghostbusters do they kill ghost um where do you want to be when you grow up I don't know I don't either you want to say hi to anybody CHR Greg Andy yeah I think it's a good call anything else you want to say uh so we've got some rainfall that's pushing over to East about why do you think you're so crazy why are you so flamboyant and crazy I don't know no nether why did they bring him on like I don't understand like do news station do local news stations just do this to be on the show or was it maybe your dad's idea mine it was yours so you always wanted to be a weather kid all right well um you want to talk about the weather or you want to say more about your goals in life you don't want to the WEA you're doing a great job you're a cool kid hey do you know the price of jackets is so high these days that even down is up bro this kid literally isn't moving it's just so awkward okay this is a tough crowd I gotta tell you he a cute kid this guy can I your arm right here we got of our not even ising oh my God his arm is just limp bro he's not even okay so we'll have more about our weather coming up in just a little bit with this exciting flamboyant guy he's greatest what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro he's like it's he's like a clay figurine he won't move he doesn't talk he's just standing there and he's like no I want to be here what's good gang members the Sun's shining I got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blistering headache and I left my cigarettes at the pad my baby last night was a cinematic experience of movie some might say we were at the punk show shut up poor people on the train always disturbing me if you can't afford an Uber why you leaving the house I was in the mosh last night I knocked out a 19-year-old Chinese foreign exchange sh I said welcome to the pit welcome to the pit he [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just TXS him this isn't even funny well it's not his actual personality don't get in the pit if you can't handle it it was a girl lowkey when there's girls on the edge of the pit I'd be like this no you might catch an elbow oh I forgot I said this one hello put a finger down oh God this one's a brutal watch this is going to be a brutal watch chat freak edition part two put a finger down if you're not wearing any underwear put a finger down if you'll poop on this cookie and let D eat it put a finger down if you haven't taken your shower put a finger down if you poop all your gaming chair put a finger down if I make you uncomfortable put a finger down if Daddy needs to buy you new diapers put a finger down if you're a messy diaper baby oh Jesus Christ bro and they'll do this for like five minutes you are 71-year-old Greg blandino you own and operate blandino Pizza you've been doing it for 50 years someone just told you what Yelp is and and now you're reading Yelp reviews for the first time blandos is great five stars that's awesome is there more great delivery time and the pizza was so good five stars best pizza in town but oh my God walking in there having to see the owner almost makes it not worth kidding that dude is legit one of the scariest looking human beings I've ever seen and I worked in a Maximum Security Prison for 15 years his skin just does not look like skin I don't even know how to describe it he looks like he once had a coat a fur that covered his body but all the fur fell off again great pizza but it's like walking into a haunted house I highly recommend doing delivery his eyes are black legit completely black like a shark's eyes I walk in there and the Jaws music starts playing in my head then that freak then that freak blandino comes out from the back and is like welcome to blandos what can I get you I don't know Dracula please don't take my blood don't talk to me like we're I'm so it's okay dude actually might be the real Dracula it's not his fault but good God man have someone else greet the customers unfortunately you will not find better Pizza anywhere else around here his hands his hands look like feet long Palms really long like a wolf's foot and short finger so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he looks like he can breathe underwater I get legit Adrenaline Rush when blandino turns that corner and the light hits his face I got blandino phobia my buddy used to work there and says he's a really nice guy but I don't know have you noticed that this town has a do you guys not find this as funny bro I feel like I find damn maybe my sense of humor is just whack [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dude we'll skip the video we'll skip the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video then dude that's literally the end of it that's the end of it though because it's two blandino pizza videos amount of missing cat yo I just like reading like made up Yelp reviews they're missing cats all over town feel like blandino has got something to do with that got no evidence but I can picture him running around at night stealing cats Amazing Pizza five stars friendly atmosphere five stars it's all five stars you but uh everybody loves you uh one of them kind of hurt my feelings you're Greg blandino you're reading some another Greg blandino all right one more chat trust trust this one's funny more reviews for blandino pizza all right God damn it okay great delivery time five stars blandino is that classic New York style pizza you won't find anywhere else five stars bingo I travel a lot for work but blandino Pizza is the best I've ever had while on a work trip that's right it's kind of hard to get to though blandino Pizza is about a mile into the state forest at at the end of this unpaved Trail you can drive most of the trail but at a certain point it gets too narrow for a car so you have to get out and walk after about a quarter mile walk I saw the restaurant which looked exactly like the monster house from the movie monster house anyways when I walked in all the lights were off I flipped the light switch on and the fluorescent light that looked like it belonged to a hospital flickered for a few seconds and then went out again I used my phone flashlight to look around and I saw a man with no arms sitting at one of the tables he was eating a large pizza like a pigeon pecking in a bird seed yellow Gatorade through a straw as if it was his first drink in days and then whispered to himself more parmesan cheese please I heard the crash of metal falling from behind the counter and Greg and Greg blandino crawled out on all fours and put on some par I heard the crash of metal falling from behind the counter and Greg blandino crawled out on all force and put some Parmesan cheese on his pizza none of bino's Limbs were facing none of bendo's Limbs were facing in the right direction and his ears were long probably 10 inches long pointed at the top no earlobes his skin stretched his skin stretched so thinly over his ears I can see all the veins my mouth my mouth felt dry a shiver ran down my spine my penis retracted Dino ran his hands through a man's hair picked out a bug and ate it he shouted welcome to blandos as his head turned he shouted welcome to binos as his head turned 180 80° toward me like an owl his eyelids were wide open but his eye sockets were empty and black I said I'm here to pick up a large pepperoni pizza bino's head rotated back into place his ears shrunk into normal human-shaped ears and he pulled out two eyeballs from a jar of liquid and shoved them into his skull his skin was red and had some steam coming off it as if he just got out of a tub of boiling water just a minute he told me he walked into the kitchen all of a sudden the lights turned on I walked into the bathroom it wed like bleach and fresh paint all of the sinks were turned on full blast there was a/ inch of water covering the tile I waited a few minutes in the bathroom after I had finished the chemical smell gave me a headache but it beat spending another moment near blandino when I walked back out the ampute had arms or perhaps my mind was playing tricks on me blandino handed me the pizza and his long nails grazed my forearm he seemed to enjoy that I did I sprinted out the door I heard what sounded like my brother calling out for help from deep in the woods all of a sudden Bland's voice rang out in my head that's not your brother I drove home and ate the pizza it was truly so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good but oh my God I don't know what's real anymore my dreams don't seem to end when I wake up I can no longer remember anything from my childhood 10 out of 10 all right that was funny do y'all want to do more of those later in the future more chat suggested videos them

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rybyechickenfry [1 likes]: 5:50 lmao
  2. @maxmurphy-q3g [1 likes]: 5:17 sexy man goes glitchy
  3. @SoggySlopster-s2e [1 likes]: 16:08 scared ts out of me to man😂😭
  4. @Mry-editsrl: 1:54 my neighbors's shitty car refusing to start at 6 am
  5. @rjownsyou: You gotta hit the sped du I wuk high
  6. @JaythenEmerson: Thanks!
  7. @porters2212: Yo joe u the goat
  8. @VIOLETSYSTMS: Plot twist blandino is just albino
  9. @VIOLETSYSTMS: Big girl w the LV scarf matching the red hair had CRAZY style holyshit
  10. @VIOLETSYSTMS: 24:17 she’s so right though like look at all the fertility and fruition idols many cultures had that were just statues of chubby huzz
  11. @davsuryt: no hate but the Blandino reviews were terribly unfunny, no hate tho
  12. @JEdits_Cr7: Joe beanalozzi
  13. @73L1FE: My mom said give him your snacks to the homeless person when them fucking jam filled crackers hit harder than fucking rock man I wanted that
  14. @ChloeParanormie: Joe, I went to Mexico and the airport bathrooms there had blurry glass stall doors. So you could basically tell what a person was doing lol. It was so awful.
  15. @Xtended1759: what song is that at 19:38
  16. @SupAwesomeHere: Just get btd6 for your phone, absolutely banger when you have no Internet
  17. @fantomzdaguy: 5:01 this lowkey scared me a bit
  18. @thebrickboy2011: The meme with there nuts hanging out was relatable to me, wish I was joking
  19. @thebrickboy2011: Game is 2048
  20. @Slyerx-Edits: Dang Joe

- Twin Truths: Reacting to UpChurch's Viral Hit "The Other Country Boy" MV - Must-See: Kind: captions Language: en it's gold by Sosa Jordan flasher 2i we rocking with Johnny hey man hey man we finna get into uh what is up Church the other country boy another country boy yeah man run it [Music] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is that moonshine foreign foreign I can do anything I want to do it's just that Confederate flag that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me like a blue one but can you keep it going keep that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going oh my God you just think they are my life's sweet give me your mason jar a few wooden planks some wouldn't call a porch living out anthems to be the torch for the imperfect girls and the boys like I once was oh my gosh guys this is unseasoned chicken this is us this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bar this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it ain't even have Gotta Be You know how like oh cause you ain't it ain't about no shooting up Tom McDonald is five but tell me not the hardest fault even Shadow Bob I can't listen to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like just like people on his side they listen to some King Von they can't get into that this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is spoiling my heart she's spoiling my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] high I got someone licking that guy don't worry about it for sure do the stars dang shooting a thing no EQ to give me around here twice came Natural Music City is my real bird and I ain't taking nothing from your country boy you probably hear me your genre of music it's a nice hook though he got good hooks for what I'm listening to he's one of us and now some country star he's above the lashes and a 90 model car a couple minutes he looked like the noodle iCarly yeah I ain't gonna lie bro I'm over this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what a time man I'm over this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm over this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro it's a great hook though I love the vocals or the vocal sound good the mix is nice bro it makes perfect for me personally I'm over this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro I ain't gonna lie to you bro all right good lay down go to bed cause this ain't it but this ain't my kind of music bro so I can't speak on that well I know your fans [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you it's no boy so and Joey flashy we need something on me that'd be white as a white tea we finna go to strip club and make it nasty I know I don't know about you but I know about me let's go with some John flashing too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah we just react to oh boy man up Church [Laughter] that's it I'm sorry hey Church man we ain't hitting on you none of that can we [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Tom we fought with Tom but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just can't I can't I can't get jiggy with this man yeah man but it's probably hard to yo you feel me wrap that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up

  Top Comments:
  1. @noregerts478 [6 likes]: All these artists are great but nobody touches Upchurch, mans is top 5 in hip hop, country, rock and blues, he is his own Genre
  2. @kimdees6047 [6 likes]: Wow.. they have no idea
  3. @scottwhittle6995 [3 likes]: You have to hear his rap too . Or just listen to his rock lol triple threat
  4. @rowdy5795 [2 likes]: Try his “Kant nobody remix” it’s him rapping
  5. @DirtRoad83 [2 likes]: We wanna hear yalls music.... everyone mix one essentials has we wanna hear it since yall so good...come on let's hear what u got besides sitn n hatin on everyone because thats so pathetic its not funny so let's hear your music... oh yea u prob dont have any 😅🤣
  6. @DirtRoad83 [2 likes]: Its so obvious this entire channel had every reactor get on upchurch just to hate...mix one essentials did Upchurch hurt yalls feelings because he's winning and nobody had ever heard of yall? Its so obvious yall had intentions on hating before u even pressed thr play button but keep listening to your daddy whoever that is tellin u to hate this n that...
  7. @DirtRoad83 [2 likes]: Then why dont yall react to his rap since clearly thats all u guys listen to in your lil box....I love when ppl waste their time to react to sumn just to hate 😂 its funny, actually its quite sad that yall arw in such a small box of music when theres so much good music out there...hatin will never get u anywhere but y'all clout chasing just to get views
  8. @Germs202 [1 likes]: His track REDCOAT is badass
  9. @britblalock89 [1 likes]: Think he has 16 golds and 2 platinums and genres of music 😂
  10. @clintonpenalber9724 [1 likes]: You getting the wrong upchurch songs he got some hard rap songs
  11. @meghanhallen525 [1 likes]: Only people on this channel that understand music🙌
  12. @michaelharney4889: Claiming blood with flue on the shoes 😂

- YouTube Algorithm Just Changed in April 2026… Here’s Exactly Why Your Channel is Stuck: Kind: captions Language: en Fix number one for the first problem, front-load value in the first 8 seconds. Stop saving the good stuff for later. Give viewers exactly what they came for right away. This makes satisfaction skyrocket from the very start. Do Fix number two, create thumbnails that promise exactly what you deliver. No more clickbait. Match the promise to the content so viewers feel satisfied instead of tricked. You now know exactly what the problems are and how to fix them in April 2026. Take a moment and think about this. The fixes are simple but they work very well. So, here's what I'll you to do your link in the comments. Is your channel stuck? Drop your full YouTube channel link plus algo in the comments. I'll reply with what's holding you back, four quick fixes, and tips for the April 2026 algorithm. Hello everyone. Welcome to this video. Today, I want to explain something very important. What YouTube's algorithm is actually looking for. In April 2026, many creators are still stuck because they are using old rules. YouTube has changed. Raw watch time is no longer the most important thing. Let me explain slowly and clearly. The main signals YouTube uses now. First, the biggest factor in 2026 is called viewer satisfaction signals. This means did the viewer feel helped, smarter, or entertained after watching your video? Did they like it, comment, or watch more videos afterwards? Second, click-through rate. This is how many people actually click on your thumbnail and title. Third, audience retention. How much of your video people actually watch. Fourth, session contribution. Does your video make people stay longer on YouTube and watch more content? Fifth, early performance. How your video does with the very first small group of viewers. Sixth, personalization and relevance. How well your video matches what each viewer usually likes. Seventh, community engagement. The quality of real comments and interaction. Eighth, replay rate. Especially for shorts, how often people rewatch your video. Now, here are the four most important fixes you should apply right away. Fix number one, front-load value. Give your best information in the first 8 seconds. Don't make people wait. Fix number two, use honest thumbnails. Make sure your thumbnail and title promise exactly what is in the video. No clickbait. Fix number three, add a strong call to action at the end of your video. Ask a clear question to get real comments. Fix number four, track satisfaction, not just watch time. Look at likes, comments, and how people feel after watching. So, remember this, in April 2026, YouTube rewards videos that make people feel good. If you want me to scan your channel, just comment your full channel link plus the word algo below this video. I will personally check it and reply with your custom fixes. Thank you for watching. Take your time, apply these changes, and watch your channel grow. Drop your link now and let's fix your channel together. See you in the Subscribe for daily YouTube growth hacks.

- 20 YouTube Growth Hacks in 10 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en most YouTubers don't even know about this first YouTube growth hack all you have to do is go to these three dots down here and hit show transcript and this is going to pull up all of the words that were spoken in this video first you're gonna go to these three dots and hit toggle timestamp so now all you're left with are the words and you're going to drag your mouse over all of this and then you are going to copy it then you're going to go over to chat GPT and this is going to make it super easy to summarize YouTube videos that you are researching for your own YouTube video so just type in summarize this script with bullet points and make it easy to understand you'll then add in some quotes you'll paste the text another quote and you'll hit enter now you can see that chat EBT has summarized this entire YouTube video in just a few bullet points so now I don't need to watch the full 10 minute long video I can just read it right here and start to implement some of these into a video that I'm currently working on on your mobile phone on your own videos you can actually turn your long form videos into shorts and a lot of our students in our video ranking Academy have been using this feature to get thousands and thousands of views and I use this feature on my brand new Channel with zero subscribers and this helped me get a ton of views and subscribers right away because YouTube is pushing shorts and this feature specifically right now so it's definitely something you want to utilize today the third hack is perfect for people who are looking for viral YouTube video ideas and this makes it super easy now the hack here is to find videos that are getting more views than they have subscribers this is an instant giveaway that the YouTube algorithm really likes this video and is pushing it out to more people than just their subscriber base down here we have 24 000 views two weeks old and this channel only has 17.8 000 subscribers so if I had a channel on side hustles I would take a look at this video I'd take notes on the thumbnail the title and then I would start to dissect the intro of the video and the actual content itself the length of it how they edit it what kind of b-roll and sound effects and music are they using you really want to be studying videos that are getting pushed in the YouTube algorithm and that's why I love this hack now another the really cool thing you can do is find some of the top YouTube channels in your Niche and so for example I'll go ahead and click on Iman and we'll go to his YouTube channel and instead of just studying all of his videos and see what's doing well for him there's actually this button right here again powered by vid IQ and it's called trending and this is super super cool this is actually going to pull up the videos on his channel that have the most views per hour which means these are the videos that are getting pushed by the algorithm the most for this Channel right now and this is going to work on any YouTube channel this one has over 3000 views per hour but it's also 14 hours old so there's a lot of subscribers checking out this video and even this video right here is nine days old but it's still getting 2300 views per hour this one is a year old but it's getting 768 views per hour and so you definitely want to check out these videos on your competitors channels and see which videos are doing the best for them and this is going to give you some really good ideas for what kind of videos you should be making on your own channel number five is the shrink test and this works for your YouTube thumbnails here you can see we have a fully designed YouTube thumbnail and at the end of every single thumbnail what I like to do is zoom all the way out where it's really really small and then if I can still see it if it still looks good and clear his face expressions and the text is visible then I'm going to say this is a great thumbnail and I'm going to use it on YouTube hack 6 is the go to thumbs up dot TV and this also has to do with thumbnails and it just makes it a little bit easier so what you want to do is drag your thumbnail onto the page and then you're going to enter in your title when you scroll down you're going to be able to see what it's going to look like on YouTube on a web browser if it's large or small on the home page on the sidebar and if you keep scrolling down you can even see what it's going to look like on mobile this is not just great for thumbnails but this is also great for showing you the titles and specifically seeing if the titles are going to be getting cut off but really what you want to make sure that the titles are not getting cut off is on the mobile version for the full width and then scroll back up to web browser you want to make sure that's on the home large that this is also not getting your title cut off so for this title we're good to go hack 7 is to use the AI title recommendations so just add in your title hit get title ideas and now you can see there are a ton of really cool different ideas that we can brainstorm and work off of and if you don't like any of them you can just hit generate new recommendations and the AI is going to give you even more and if you want to get even more recommendations per day that you can use on your accounts go to vidiq.com forward slash think and you can actually get the Pro Plan for only one dollar for the first 30 days again check the link in the description for more details for this next hack go to Google and I want you to type in the niche that you are in using that side hustles idea we're then going to go over to news and this is going to give you some really good video ideas and also title ideas based on some of these news articles anytime I'm feeling stuck I like to come over here and just see what kind of news articles are happening in the Creator economy or YouTube world for example I really love this idea for a a YouTube video I think this would be an awesome YouTube video of trying five side hustles and seeing how much money you make this hack is going to save you so much time especially if you're just tired of filling out tags what you want to do is go over to a video that is going to be similar to the one that you're making and then on this right hand side with vid IQ installed we are going to scroll down and we can see all of the video tags that this video is using and all you need to do is hit copy and then if you go over to your YouTube video you can hit paste and this is going to add all of those tags onto your videos and then you can go through you can delete some of them keep some of them and this just gives you a nice head start to get your tags done this hack can actually help you get more views and more leads to your website or whatever it is you're trying to send people to and that's just understanding that the YouTube description the top fold only lets you do three layers before you have to hit show more and so a lot of people sometimes don't utilize this what you want to do is make sure that the most important stuff is at the very top including clickable links and then if it show more this is where people can actually find more information about other stuff that you're doing or maybe the gear that you're using so I recommend those top three lines to send people to another video or maybe send people to the website or the freebie whatever it is that you are offering to someone from that video make sure you're doing that at the very top this next one is brand new and it's super super cool because of the new AI features that vid IQ has into their program they now have an AI description generator and this thing saves me so much time all you need to do is add in some keywords and then you're going to hit generate and it is going to actually populate a nice little sentence paragraph for the video for your description and just like that we have three different options that I could read through and see which one I want to add this is so cool and this honestly just makes it so much easier to get started with adding some stuff to the description which is going to help with things like ranking and search and just adding in more context to what the video is about so this one's gonna be perfect I'll hit copy or I can just hit inserts and that is automatically going to add it to the very top of the YouTube video the next hack is to change change your title and your thumbnail on old videos that aren't getting views anymore specifically you want to find videos that have a high average view percentage and a low click-through rate because what you're trying to change here is a higher click-through rate I know some people who are scared to do this because they're getting a little bit of views on their video but they're not getting a lot and they don't want it to drop off to zero but the truth is this doesn't affect your YouTube video at all as long as you can increase that click-through rate you're actually going to get more Impressions and more views on that video this next hack is going to help you come up with amazing YouTube video ideas that are actually going to give views all you need to do is go to vet IQ and then you're going to go over to daily ideas and there's actually this brand new custom ideas section and all you need to do is insert some sort of keyword like side hustles and here you can see that it does all the creative thinking for you and it gives you a ton of great video ideas hack14 which I see a ton of people not doing this and it's just to get straight into your content a lot of people just start their videos off introducing themselves or maybe talking about something that has nothing to do with the video the person clicked on and at the end of the day you want to focus on the viewer and give them what they clicked for right away hack 15 is the competitors tab on vid IQ and this makes it really easy to see what's kind of going viral and trending within the niche that we are specifically in and you can do this for your own channel once you've selected some of the competitors you can scroll all the way down and you are going to see the top videos from your competitors and you can change this for this week and you can see what videos are popping off kind of in your Niche this week you could also change this to of all time or this month and this is going to give you some really good ideas about what people in your Niche are wanting to watch they're watching side hustles we've been talking about that we can also see productivity desk setups or chat GPT tricks these are all topics and videos that did really well for them that we should consider talking about on our channel in our unique way because people want to watch videos on this kind of stuff if you're not sure when the best time to publish your YouTube video is go to your analytics and then go over to audience and from here if you just scroll down you're going to see exactly when your viewers are on YouTube and you want to be posting your videos in the dark purple areas and so for us on Sundays is actually when we're seeing a lot of viewers online right now if you're chilling on Sunday go check out think media we probably uploaded a new video hack 17 is for all the people who suck at making thumbnails what you need to do is go to fiverr.com or even upwork.com and there's other websites out there where you can hire Freelancers and you can hire someone to make your YouTube thumbnail here you can see this one just costs five dollars this one cost us over six dollars and you can get some pretty good thumbnails under ten dollars the next hack is to use your PIN comment to send people to another YouTube video so when they go into the comment section they're going to see that and the goal is that they click on it and then they go watch another one of your videos the next hack is going to help you get more subscribers and that's by utilizing this homepage video at the very top what you want to do is go to your YouTube Studio analytics you're going to sort by subscribers and Views and then over here we are going to actually go to the last 90 days once you find the video that's converting the most amount of subscribers you want to add that to the video for your home page and so when you play this video for them the goal is that the people watching this actually want to subscribe by the end of it and you can see that based in the analytics for this hack it's called the transition method and this can actually double your views on YouTube if you do it correctly so watch the video where I break down exactly how you can do this and I'll see you guys in that video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [20 likes]: Did you learn something new? Let me know which one!
🔥 Get a $1 trial of the Boost plan on vidIQ here ➡ https://vidiq.com/think
  2. @kimberlimartins [15 likes]: Great video! The AI title recommendations hack is spot on. Used boost app social for Insta, and it's been a lifesaver. Thinking of starting a YouTube channel and will definitely use these hacks. Thanks for sharing!
  3. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Hot take — if someone is under 100 subs, hacks won’t help.

Skill development will.
  4. @bengalstudio: Love from Bangladesh
  5. @vaskoobscura_: SO you're basically telling people not to be original and just plagiarize other YouTube content. This is why YouTube is so full of hacks with no talent or original ideas. This is what is going to kill the platform.
  6. @damilolacarew6002: Has anyone been able to test if these work?
  7. @VeteransSupportingVeterans: Thank you so much 😊
  8. @YourMusicPassion: To everyone reading this...Just wanted to drop by and let you know how much I appreciate your content. Your passion shine through in every video, and I can't wait to see what you have in store for us next! Keep up the fantastic work, and remember that there are plenty of us eagerly waiting for your next masterpiece.💯
  9. @jackieferraricreates: Incredible vid. Keep the amazing content coming!
  10. @ABookNook: Where to find the trending?? I can’t find it anywhere
  11. @UnsungSport: Where is the "remix" button??
  12. @The_Python_Turtle: To everyone who is struggling. Don't give up.  It's going to work.
  13. @yep.fishing: I put this video script into chat GPT so I no longer need to watch this channel. (Kidding)
  14. @CrimeVue: Your comment was exactly what I needed to hear right now. I was feeling so down and defeated, but your words gave me the hope and strength to carry on. Thank you for making a difference in my life.
  15. @aminazli: Bapok laju kecek. Nasib baikla ambo sekoloh ore putih..
  16. @dfomeerlo: Keep going guys!! Started my journey
  17. @ROSHMIDUTY: Hello
  18. @iamaffirmationsdaily: Sending positive vibes to my growing channel family 🙏🙏🙏
  19. @stevehedgesgaming: Some of these hacks were actually really good
  20. @vsnpro: Certain things are not there for me like they are in your video. The "Remix" button is not there below my videos, and the "trending" button on others channels is also missing. I am not calling you a liar or anything, I am just wondering what I am doing wrong or how I get those options like you did?

- How to Survive Being a Small YouTube Channel (The Truth About Growth): Kind: captions Language: en every day thousands of small YouTube creators give up most creators quit before making it to video 20 because the truth is YouTube takes time it needs more data than you realize and in that time it's easy to get discouraged to compare yourself to others and to stress about your circumstances I'm going to explain the invisible growth phase that happens before every Channel's break through and how to survive it I've been through this moment several times and it never gets easy let's talk about why you shouldn't quit I said this in a video a while back and it's proven to be more true than I ever realized you see success on YouTube isn't immediate turns out your content might have been great all along and it simply takes YouTube time to figure that out growing on YouTube is like planting a tree you can give it water give it sunlight tend to it every day but you won't see the fruits immediately think about what happens when you plant a tree for months sometimes years you see very little visible growth the sapling looks fragile you might wonder if it's growing at all but beneath the surface something important is happening it's developing a root system building its foundation and gathering strength this is exactly how it works on YouTube you spend every day thinking about your channel how to make better content day in and day out but the algorithm has to juggle hundreds of thousands or even millions of different channels it's trying to analyze your video through its SEO and performance with your community every once in a while it'll show you to more people than normal in a short burst to collect a bigger data set but it takes time to know what to do with that all the while established creators have already gone through this process they'll get priority because their content has already been considered those videos with only 100 views they're not failures they're your roots spreading every video you make strengthens that Foundation every person who watches is like a bit of water nourishing your channel every comment is sunlight helping it grow you're building something that takes time to mature and the hard part is not being able to see the fruits until later let me show you something this video of mine took 100 days to reach 999 views and then something amazing happened it found its audience I hadn't made a 3D printing video before this one and I haven't haven't made one since and now it's my fifth most viewed video on this channel or look at this one it did well but then after 6 months it blew up and got the channel monetized overnight this isn't uncommon this is the norm this is the almighty algorithm at work one of the biggest misconceptions about YouTube is that the algorithm somehow punishes small creators this isn't true the algorithm has one job to match videos with the viewers most likely to enjoy them the problem is is that it's slow and you can't see it working YouTube doesn't care if if you have five subscribers or 5 million what it cares about is whether the people who watch your videos engage with them do they watch to the end do they like or comment do they watch another one of your videos afterwards when starting out YouTube is essentially running experiments with your content it shows your video to a small sample of people and if they engage it shows it to more if they don't it stops and it can be hard to prove that your stuff is worth watching if the video itself doesn't have views the thing to keep in mind is that this process isn't hours or days it's weeks to months you don't need everyone to like your videos you just need the right people to find them and if you want to stay ahead on exactly how to help the right viewers discover your content I share tested and true tips and tactics in My Weekly Newsletter the link is in the description now let's talk about consistency but not in the way you might expect the most important form of consistency isn't uploading on a perfect schedule it's consistently showing up for the Long Haul 90% of creators quit within their first 20 videos they plant the seed don't see immediate growth and abandon the garden but here's what happens when you stick with it one your skills naturally improve with each video two you build a small but loyal audience three your library of content grows increasing your discoverability and four YouTube gathers more data about who enjoys your content I'll let you in on a little secret it's often video 20 30 or even 50 that finally breaks through not because it was dramatically better than video 10 but because those previous videos laid the ground workor so how do you actually survive long enough to see grow here are four practical strategies first redefine success early on views and subscribers are the wrong metrics to focus on instead you want to track things like the skills you're developing completion rates of your videos comments and genuine connections and the consistency of your output second you want to find your creator Community connect with other small channels in your Niche comment on their videos join Discord servers participate in communities this provides support collaboration opportunities and keeps you motivated third create with intention don't just Chase Trends or copy what's popular ask yourself what value am I providing that no one else is even in crowded nichas your unique perspective is your advantage and fourth embrace the process the creators who succeed aren't the most talented or well-connected they're the ones who didn't quit they're the ones who fell in love with the process of creation itself and not just the results right now someone out there is looking for exactly the content you create and they just haven't found you yet your job isn't to blow up overnight is to keep showing up keep improving keep nurturing your channel until those people find you remember the videos you're making today are creating the roots for your future success the growth you can't see is still growth so the next time you feel discouraged by low views or slow subscriber growth remind yourself every big successful Creator started as a small unpolished channel that needed time and consistent care if you stop tending to yours you'll never see a bloom keep creating your audience is out they're waiting for you if you're a small Creator watching this drop a comment below sharing one thing you're proud of creating regardless of how many views it got let's celebrate the seeds are planning together and if you haven't started yet and if you're wondering if you should take the plunge there's literally no better time to become a Creator just start start before you're ready when I started YouTube I had to learn all this the hard way and I'm glad that I can share my experience with you and help you to learn these lessons quicker than I did I just made a video going over the 28 things that I wish I knew sooner and I think that you'll get a lot of value out of it do me a favor and watch it next

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [1600 likes]: Thanks to all of you who are leaving a comment and liking the video! I've been feeling discouraged lately so I felt the need to say this for myself and I knew others would need to hear it as well. Hang in there, it's only a matter of time 🌱
  2. @DARK_BUCKS [1 likes]: Never give up 🏆
  3. @hazharry67 [1 likes]: One question why did I suddenly stop gaining subs?
  4. @SooFunny777: thanks, gives me hope!
  5. @CanuckProspect: My videos might be dookie now but just you wait.
  6. @kirkani2.0: Wow😊😊😊
  7. @arvindprajwal1168: thank you so much 🙏
  8. @Vision-m3t: Thanks
  9. @Get_inspired_by_biggy: Thank you sir this sir helpful
  10. @wagohowardmusic: ALOHA- I have done no editing, no AI, and no paid anything.  I have an authentic channel.. I am FUN  and I am kind.  I enjoy doing this but it takes a lot... JUST KEEP going. if you are doing what you dig, it will happen..  DEEP BREATHE!
  11. @ahiveforgamers: There was a time when watching gaming videos helped me survive my hardest days. It kept me distracted, calm, and sane. Now I make videos hoping I can do the same for someone else.
  12. @StrenghtPionners: Very good advice!  I'm also a small creator but my purpose is to make good music for people enjoy and not to monetize. I saw how people react at my music and I am satisfied with that. 

Big Love from Europe for all you people out there!
  13. @AvalonsCroneMagick: Thanks for this video..I am older and have zero tech abilities. I have downloaded editing apps and end up deleting them because I cant figure out how to use them. I want to improve my skills I just don't know where to go to do it.
  14. @MatWit395: Agreed, my other channel videos average about 10 views which is better than none
  15. @stephaway1: Keep Planting !
  16. @Dhanyyytv: Thank's Dave for explanation!
  17. @TSJChuck: Sitting here in the valley of doom contemplating giving up because I’m in complete total Byrd/creative paralysis due to an impressions crash that somehow happened over the past three months now that led from getting what I thought to be a growing solid impressions base and a channel that might’ve actually been stabilizing that’s now led to you know dropping about 10,000 impressions per video and yeah I don’t even know how to move forward now, because how do you build confidence back after confidence has been thrown out the window
  18. @PatawanCollective: I’m proud of finally started earlier this month. I have showed up and uploaded consistently daily and will continue to do so. It feels amazing and I’m so excited to see where it goes(:
  19. @jaedarzadon: Thanks for pepping me up. Climbing this big-ass mountain. lol. Struggling to get viewership and subscribers and stuck at 100.
  20. @trailchemistrywithbandc: I have a small channel. Just over a month old. Growth IS slow but I am hopeful. I have a series of short called "Hello Baby!" Those are the shorts I am most proud of.

- This NEW Method Is Blowing up Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en Every day, thousands of small channels just give up because sadly, most people never make it past 1,000 subscribers. Not because they're particularly bad at YouTube, but simply because they couldn't survive the invisible growth phase. Now, what you might not have known is it took Mr. Beast over 2 years and 300 videos to hit his first 1,000 subscribers. Now, he could have easily just given up after a year and a half, but he didn't. He powered through the invisible growth phase and now he's the biggest YouTuber in the world. So, in this video, I'll explain what the invisible growth phase is and how you can survive it. And at the end of the video, I'll also share a quick four-step plan that you can take away with you right now and start straight after this video. So, firstly, it's important to note that the algorithm doesn't hate you and it's definitely not working against you. even if it feels that way sometimes. It just doesn't know who you are yet. And the truth is the algorithm doesn't judge creators. It simply just reacts to data. So when you upload a video, YouTube quietly pushes it out to a small test group. That group may or may not be interested in your content. Some of those people will simply just scroll straight past your video and ignore it. But some other people in that test group might watch, click, and maybe even subscribe to you. And based on the results of that small test, YouTube will then decide whether or not to test it again, this time to an even bigger group of people. The better your video performs in each test group, the more push the algorithm gives it. Think of it like a matchmaking system. The algorithm is just trying to pair your content with the right audience. Sometimes it gets it right, sometimes it gets it wrong. So just stop blaming the algorithm. Like it doesn't have feelings. It's not out to get you. It just doesn't know who you are yet. Now, your job as a small channel is to keep uploading, keep testing, and let your profile data build up behind the scenes because the more data that the algorithm has on you, the better at matchmaking it can become. And that's then where exposure comes in because your channel isn't small, it's just underexposed. This stage, the small channel stage, isn't about talent. Like, you don't need to be the best editor in the world. You don't need a fancy camera, expensive lighting, or years of storytelling experience. What you do need, though, is just to learn how to get discovered. And getting discovered on YouTube as a small channel is all about your titles, your thumbnails, and your SEO. As I've said a million times, the video itself, yes, it matters, but it only matters after someone clicks. And right now, the reason you're not getting views is because people aren't clicking. It's not that the algorithm hates you. It's just that the people the algorithm is trying to show your video to simply aren't interested in it. But look, overall, your mission at this stage is simple. Don't obsess over perfection. Obsess over clickability. Your title and thumbnail are your handshake, like your first impression. Nail those two things and you'll start building exposure. Now, I do have a short mastery course dedicated to ties on thumbnails. So, if this is something you need to improve, which I can bet it probably is, then hit the link in my bio and get my titles and thumbnails mastery course now for 50% off. This then brings us on to the 100 video rule, which is where a lot of small creators go horribly wrong. But the one rule I always share with small creators is you need to make at least 100 videos. Not just for practice, which is still a huge aspect of which we'll talk about next, but also because every single upload you ever post is feeding the algorithm valuable information. Like YouTube is a machine that learns through repetition and pattern recognition. Like every title you write, every thumbnail you design, every viewer who clicks or skips your videos, it all becomes part of a data profile around your channel. Like the algorithm starts to learn who watches your content, how long do they stay for, who skipped past, what types of titles attract your ideal viewer, which videos bring back returning subscribers, and so much more. So each new uploaded video is like a new data block. And over time, those data blocks compound and build up. This allows the algorithm to start piecing together patterns about your ideal audience. And when that picture becomes clear enough, it begins recommending your content more confidently to the right people. So the more data blocks you give it, the better the algorithm gets at being able to find the right audience at the right time. Now, sadly, most creators quit before this data stack has had enough time to build. But the ones who keep going will eventually hit the tipping point. And the tipping point is super super important. But we'll discuss that next. So the real challenge is this. back. Can you stay consistent long enough for the algorithm to truly understand you? Like, can you survive the quiet phase before the compounder kicks in? Because most people think that consistency just means uploading every week. But that's only half the equation. If you upload 100 videos without learning, evolving, or improving anything, that's not grinding. That's just autopilot. That's just ticking boxes. Like, the only type of consistency that actually works on YouTube is evolving consistency. You upload and you tweak. You test. You reflect. You look at your last five videos and you ask yourself, "What can I improve by at least 1%." Now, you might think that 1% is like an insignificant number and that won't change anything. But if you improve by just 1% per video over 100 videos, that's a 100% improvement since where you were when you first started. Like, really think about that. So, you always need to improve something with every new video you post. Even just 1%, guys, it makes a huge difference over time. Now, also, look, it's all well and good posting loads of content and growing your YouTube channel or your social media channels, but what most small or new creators often forget about is online safety. Now, my top tip is I never publicly share the email that's tied to my actual YouTube account, and you shouldn't either. Like, don't put it in your video descriptions or on your channel's about me page. There are so many hackers and dodgy people out there, and making your login, email, and sensitive data public is just asking for trouble. Like way too many times I've seen big YouTubers have their entire account stolen just because they publicly share their channel email and clever hackers got into it. Now instead I always suggest creating a completely separate Gmail account just for public use. Like that's the one you'll put in your about me page or in your video's descriptions for things like collabs or business inquiries. And by doing this you never put yourself at risk of having your channel data fall into the wrong hands. And I think it would genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is actually floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I mean like phone numbers, location data, bank details, your website history, and so much more. And the scary thing is you probably never gave permission for most of it. That's because of shady companies called data brokers, which are companies that collect your data, package it up, and then sell it to advertisers, scammers, or literally anyone who's willing to pay for it, good or bad. And as a YouTuber, especially starting out, your digital footprint grows fast. The bigger you get as a creator, the more time you spend online creating content, the bigger your digital footprint gets. And it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where something like Incogn is super helpful. They're an online data privacy tool that I've personally been using for the last 6 months now. And what these guys do is that they contact those dodgy data broker companies on your behalf and forces them to delete your data. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name and your information off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. Like they completely erase it for you. And the best part is once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So as new brokers pop up or as your information pops up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. Now, it's super easy to get started. It takes literally just a few minutes. And honestly, it gives me so much peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber or on the whole, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back now with Cogni. Use code creator at the link below and get 60% off an annual plan. Now, if you've stuck to the 100 video rule, if you've consistently improved your titles and thumbnails, and if you've let the algorithm collect enough data and learn who your content is for, then you're already doing the hard part because eventually all of those efforts compound. And that compounding effect leads to something very powerful. We call it the tipping point. This is a moment where your videos stop struggling for clicks and they start becoming recommended more aggressively. It's when YouTube no longer tests your content in random pockets, but instead it knows exactly who to show it to, and suddenly the numbers start to shift. Your views will jump. Your subs increase. Your dashboard feels alive for the first time. Now, the tipping point isn't always explosive, though. Sometimes it's subtle. Your videos start to get more consistent traffic. Your shorts finally hit the for you feed. Your long- form videos start being picked and showed on homepages on the suggested tab. But whether it's fast or gradual, you will feel the shift. Now, the sad truth is that most creators never get here. Not because they weren't good enough, but because they gave up just before the algorithm had time to figure them out. They didn't trust the data building process. They thought, "Oh, well, I'm not getting any views, so I must be bad at this." When in reality, they were likely just one solid video away from this tipping point. Now, your tipping point could be your 37th video, your 89th video, your 112th video. The timing is different for everyone, but if you keep showing up, if you keep learning, if you keep improving your strategy, and you keep building data with each upload, the odds are seriously stacking in your favor. And when you do hit the tipping point, my god, honestly, it feels incredible. Like, this is what you've been working so hard to achieve. This is when you smash monetization, earn incredible amounts of money, and start building the most amazing audience. So to hit that tipping point, which is completely possible for each and every one of you watching right now, here goes a simple four-step plan that you can take away with you and start implementing right away. Step one, redefine what success means for you. So firstly, look, stop obsessing over views, likes, and subscribers. I know it's tempting to check your analytics every hour, but those metrics don't reflect your true potential, especially early on. Instead, all small channels need to shift their focus to skill building and content improvement. Like I said, every video is a chance to improve by at least 1%. Maybe it's your pacing, maybe it's your delivery, maybe it's your thumbnail. Like, those tiny wins compound fast. So, write this down now. Like, seriously, grab a piece of paper and ask yourself this question. What does true YouTube success look like for me? Is it financial freedom? Is it a full-time content career? Is it a platform to teach or inspire people? Like once you've defined that, once you've figured it out, every single video you make from now on becomes a step towards your own definition of success, not just numbers on a screen. Step two, connect with other small channels. Like, you don't have to do this alone. Find and engage with other small creators in your niche. Comment on their videos, message them, share what you're learning, ask questions, offer support. Like, this isn't just about being nice. It's about building a community of people on the same journey. And building these connections can lead to collabs that grow both audiences, accountability that keeps you consistent, shared lessons that save you time and frustration, and most importantly, they'll remind you that you're not the only one grinding in silence, like you're all in it together. Step three, find your unique angle. Like, why should someone watch you instead of watching another channel do the same thing? That's a question you need to answer. Like, what's your edge? Maybe it's your storytelling, your humor, your backgrounds, your format, your editing style, or maybe it's just your unique perspective on a particular topic. Like, there's so much content out there, but your goal should be to stand out without trying to be someone else. Ask yourself these questions and note down the answers as well. What do you do differently? What value can you provide that most creators can't? And what's something that only you can provide to this niche? And finally, step four, commit to a consistent posting strategy. So, here's your challenge. I want you to post 100 videos within the next 12 months. That's roughly two videos a week. Not impossible, but definitely not easy. I'm not saying it's easy, guys. It's going to be hard. But if you do hit that, you'll be miles ahead of 99% of other creators. You'll be more skilled. You'll be more searchable. And you'll be more understood by the algorithm. you'll have built a really strong foundation and a content library working away for you in the background. And look, you don't need to go at it alone either. If you want structure, mentorship, and real support, come and join me as a student in the YouTube Wealth Academy. I'll be by your side every step of the way. Like every video you post, every milestone you hit, I'll help you grow faster and smarter. Like this is the long game. And if you commit now, like really commit, in 12 months time from now, you won't even recognize your own channel. So come and join me in my academy or just watch this next video that pops up here. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [249 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @BoxingBrosUK: https://youtube.com/@boxingbrosuk?si=jD7GlaMLPD7p8MzZ 
been at it 2 years a boxing influencer chanel views low subs high its a niche that is saturated i love the sport so i dont mind
  3. @dallasdragneel: i just burn out. and don't know what i'm doing.
  4. @Breakthroughoren: Love the %1 work for all issue in life !!! BREAKTHROUGH !
  5. @timelineXpert: Never give up guys!!! Work hard and consistently to reach your dreams!
  6. @ducto-p3c: how to improve sleep quality
  7. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel weeks ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  8. @KapeatMusika.24: I started my channel weeks ago. And I’m at 45 🥹
  9. @Lanergray: Im a small channel who will not stop untill i get nore famous than uuuuhhhhhhh famous people
  10. @AnimeCubich: I really enjoy your videos good info very helpful 👍🏽
  11. @FerdousRahman-f9y: how to set goals and achieve them
  12. @IntoTheGossip: I’m a new content creator (not even 1 week in), and I’m really glad I found your channel early on. I’ve been doing a lot of things wrong, but I’m learning, improving, and adjusting my account day by day. Your content has helped me understand things better. Thanks!
  13. @tonytran07: The first bullsht is YouTube learning what you do
It isn't...  I have seen channels uploading game video constantly and gets nothing.  YouTube is a company.  It knows which would succeed and which wouldn't

Edit.  Your second point is true.
Title, thumbnail is important
  14. @HeatherEmptyNest: I think part of the issue is people get on and watch how “new creators” have thousands of subs and views in one month, not realizing it’s not their first you tube channel. 
I understand some can achieve this and that’s amazing but I can see where others get discouraged.
  15. @TheShowMeFamily: Speaking blessings on all channels that started in 2026. Please keep us in your thoughts and prayers and we battle to that 100 video goal. I believe that we can all get there together ❤️.
  16. @KnowV1ds: Small channels lets gather here! Lets groww!!!
  17. @Tailored-Winnings: Anyone and everyone. I want to help and I need help too. I'm open to a colab, I work hard and I'm willing to truly assist in any way I have the ability to do so, anyway I can.
  18. @Tailored-Winnings: I truly believe he wants to help. I know I sound like a plug but I'm a small channel, who will be very big soon, and I believe he truly wants to help me grow. You don't see that a lot lately, care, empathy, something-for-nothing.
  19. @MackShunta: 1% every video for 100 videos is an improvement of 270% . A lot more that a 100% improvement. This to pint out that what you said in the video is even more important than what you said. A small improvement  every video you post can take you vary far. <3
  20. @brooketalksbodies: Thank you for the advice! Let’s go!

- Brushes and Algorithms: Navigating Mental Health in the Age of AI Art: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to meaningful Vitality I'm here to talk more about different AI systems specifically today about art and image generators such as Bing Creator Dolly crayon or mid-journey just to name a few of the more popular ones as I've talked about in the past it seems like AI is here to stay and it continues to grow Traction in some pretty big ways I just want to talk a little bit about some of the ramifications both the benefits and some of the maybe hold UPS of AI specifically with art and image generators today and the benefits it can have on our mental health as well as some of the downsides and the downfalls so I want to start first by talking about some of the benefits that are in image generators can have in the lives of our society and us possibly as individuals it can be used for all different kinds of people first obviously for artists graphic designers and content creators they can get their job done fast faster something that may have taken a week or even more to create a job can now take literally seconds and that can be a really big thing for our society individuals as they can now spend more time doing maybe things they want to do instead of a job they can now invest in themselves other activities and really focus on their mental health or their relationships businesses can use it now and they can save time and money and Resources by not having to reach out to other individuals or organizations to create projects or artwork for them they can do it all in-house on their own which can really be a big Time Saver and money saver for the economy and for businesses and even every day people can use it for fun and they can have access to material that they wouldn't have had you know access to in the past people can use it to create maybe invitations for parties they can create you know just projects for fun that they might use around the house or for friends or to send other people for fun because there's really no you know entry level there's anyone can do it and have access for like social media or things like that which can be pretty fun and pretty cool to do if they you know want to do something like that I want to go back to the saying the biggest benefit for any AI system whether it is image and art generators or anything else in general is the time saving and the stress saving in our life and all people can benefit from this anyone who could possibly use this kind of program can benefit from the time and the stress savings and I just hope that we can take advantage of that because this time can now be spent as I said investing our mental health we can now exercise instead of staying up late maybe we can go to bed early because that project didn't take so long because we're so far behind on different projects especially in the art field however will we actually do that with the time there's so many different forms of technology not just with AI and computers that have made our life easier as a society and as a culture however the research shows that instead of us actually using those things to make our life easier and investing more into ourselves instead we are just using that to work more or work in other areas and that's my biggest concern yeah we may not have as much time that we invest into these art projects but now we might work more around the house or my now we might try and spend other areas in business now we might try to get more jobs things like that those aren't always a bad thing it was kind of like speculated like in the 70s and 80s that by this time in our life in like the 2020s that people would hardly be working at all because of how automated everything is with things like dishwashers washing machines things like that and we use those things quite a bit as a society however instead of like making our life easier and working less we just use that time to work more work harder and get more done and that's my concern that we won't actually use it in the ways we should that will actually just work more and become even more stressed and more burnt out and our mental health will even just suffer even more especially because art gives some people meaning in life it's a hobby I have a friend who's a graphic designer and he also does some artwork on his own and he does some other projects and he specifically said art and the ability to create Gives Life Meaning for him and this can be both as a hobby or as a career but if artwork can be done in literally seconds there's no value in it anymore there's no reason to be an artist there's no reason to create because I who may not have as much creativity or you know a abilities in art I can create almost the exact same thing as him in literally seconds that can maybe take him a week or so so it's not as meaningful to those people anymore or it doesn't mean anything and it kind of just defeats the purpose has no value no one's going to want to buy that so it may create people to not even follow their passions anymore that's a big thing for him to say that art and ability create gives his life meaning I mean and that makes sense he's not the first person I've heard say similar things either friends family or even clients in my room when I'm talking about self-care for clients and things that give their life meaning and things that help them wind down I've worked with a lot of clients that say creating artwork creating poetry you know painting doing music that helps them to pour into themselves to refill their batteries and help them enjoy life more and if there's a computer system that can do it anyone can do it you know like I said it really doesn't give people meaning in that people won't appreciate the time it takes to create or even think of some of those things and those original ideas so that's where I can start seeing it become a little bit of a problem in our life and in our society today so in conclusion I know this is a shorter video today I love the idea of anything in our life that can reduce stress and time because time you know is important especially we're working we can pour into our family and do friends into ourselves and most of the time this is a good thing for our Mental Health however if we're not using that time to be more productive for ourselves and to enjoy life then what's the point because those are things we need to start considering for anything in our life not just Ai and computer generated images and then going back to if it's taking value away it might have a person you know feeling like that they don't have meaning and that can be really catastrophic because everyone has something in their life that gives their life meaning for me it's health and psychology I also you know like to exercise and go camping and obviously those things aren't really looking to be taken away right now but if it was like nope you can't go on Hikes anymore you can't go camping anymore or even like you can't spend time with friends to play games with anymore it's like that'd be pretty catastrophic so maybe you're not an artist or maybe you're not someone that's going to be using this service as much but ask yourself right now what's the one thing in life that gives you meaning and purpose and if that was taken away then what what would you do you would feel like your whole life is shattered so that is kind of what we're looking at with some of this AI stuff so again I'm not trying to demonize I'm not trying to say it's all bad we just have to look at the whole picture because us As Americans there the numbers I've talked about in the past the people that are stressed anxious depressed and feel like they're just completely stuck are pretty big and if that number continues to go up that's a problem so we need to find ways to give our life medium purpose maybe some of these jobs and passions and hobbies will continue to exist I sure hope so but if they don't we need to kind of see what we can do to kind of fix that and to readjust our vision with some of these things and these AI systems so I hope that you're able to learn a thing or two hope you're able to see more of the big picture I know there's more out there with this topic and other things in general and I'll continue to explore those things but as always I hope you're able to live a healthy meaningful life with some of these things that we've talked about and apply them to your own life in one way or another

  Top Comments:
  1. @queenhoneygames: Super interesting!!!

- The Unexpected Gradient: Music to Art via Math | Timothy Davis | TEDxTAMUSalon: Kind: captions Language: en thank you why our number is beautiful it's like asking why is Beethoven's Ninth Symphony beautiful if you don't see why someone can't tell you I know numbers are beautiful if they are beautiful nothing is that's a quote from Paul air dish a mathematician of legendary eccentricity and math Amanda students will often tell you that math is beautiful but earnest says that if you don't see it no one can tell you but maybe I can show you as a computer scientists I create algorithms for solving large math problems particulars parsed matrices sparse matrices can be viewed as a graph like on the top of the slide a graph is a connection as a collection of objects or nodes of the graph and then the relationships between them like friends on Facebook this graph on the top captures the relationships in the four equations down below now I've heard it said that if you put an equation in a talk it puts half the audience to sleep so let's see with four equations on the slide I've got one sixteenth of you left right in this matrix the first equation is the matrix is the equation for the variable W and W is connected to Y but not X and Z so in the graph make W and Y friends with each other connect them but don't connect W and X the second equation is the equation for X and it's connected to y&z and so on the let the third equation for example is equation for y and it's friends with everybody now I can tell you that so far it's not quite yet beautiful but the graph is very useful and very important for understanding these equations here's one of the matrices from my collection some people collect baseball cards I collect matrices this matrix is the simulation of a helicopter and here the graph of the helicopter is drawn on top of the helicopter itself so you have the relationships and the matrix drawn as a graph on the helicopter now this particular matrix is easy to draw as a graph because the helicopter itself gives us instructions as to where the unknowns are to draw the graph but not every matrix comes with instructions on how to draw it so for that I turned to my colleague dr. Yifan who who has a method of force directed graph visualization and the idea here is you take the graph and you put electrical charges on the nodes so they repel each other and the edges between them become like Springs or rubber bands it pulls them together and then you look for a low energy state and that's typically a really good way of drawing a graph so here's what happens if you take that helicopter matrix and forget that it's a helicopter but you let the physics rule take over now that's beautiful it looks like some sort of sea creature the color here reflects the strength of the energy and then each of the springs each of the edges now that's beautiful let me show you now some of them matrices from my collection this is not an orange fishy this is a matrix coming from that I collected eight from AT&T it's a frequency domain circuit simulation matrix of a VLSI chip this is a social network network here the nodes are either a person or a webpage and there's an edge drawn from a person to a webpage if that person likes that webpage this is a quantum chromodynamics problem a very high dimensional problem that's not a sphere that that's not a surface those are just layers of edges upon edges financial portfolio optimization here the goal is to balance your portfolio against all possible future outcomes these little filaments are the different possible outcomes that your portfolio might take these are matrix matrices our matrix images are scientifically useful but they're all so beautiful so much so they've caught the eye of the color press there's an article in Fast Company comm on my matrix collection entitled geeky science problems double as works of art sparse matrices a lot prettier than they sound as a computer scientist who creates code though to solve these matrices and that's one of the matrices in my collection and on the image there I can tell you that not only is the math beautiful and not only are the matrices beautiful but the code I write to solve those equations is beautiful as well but it's even harder to illustrate the beauty of code than it is the beauty of math or matrices but here's a particular piece of my code it's probably hiding and it's probably in your pocket because it comes pre-installed as the default math library and about half a billion smartphones and this is really beautiful code what's happening here is that you take the current pivotal click and you find a set differences with the prior pivotal clicks with the current bill go click as part of the approximate degree update process of a heuristic permutation for finding an ordering for symmetric positive-definite matrix that is asymptotically and I put the rest of you sleep have a guy okay fail right am i stuck like air dish said where I mean I can see that this is beautiful there's no way I can tell you so what do we do and yet software beauty and software is so important you hate it when your apps crash when a piece of software when a code is well written well documented when the logic is sharp and clear when the algorithm is elegant and fast a computer scientist would look at and say that's beautiful code Don Knuth one of the founders of the field of computer science wrote a book series entitled the art of computer programming and in his preface he wrote the process of preparing programs for a digital computer is especially attractive not only because it can be economically and scientifically rewarding but also it can be an aesthetic experience much like composing poetry or writing music now Knuth knows what he's talking about here not only is he computer scientist but he's also a composer and a musician as well so just like writing poetry and and writing music there's something intrinsically beautiful about code but I've struggled for most of my professional career to come up with a way of illustrating this this idea that code is beautiful then I got an email mark Robbins from a London design agency contacted me he found my matrix images of my collection on the web he was putting together the artwork for the London electronics Arts Festival in 2013 and he asked me this question can artistic images of music be created in a similar way as your matrix images mark and I almost replied no Tim delete go on with my day right this is nuts there's no music here this is helicopters and oil reservoir simulation and quantum chromodynamics and computational fluid dynamics and all this nice scientific stuff there's no music here but I'm really glad that I didn't click and reply no and I thought about it for a little bit and 30 seconds later it came to me music has structure matrices have structure with Fourier transforms I could extract the structure from the music and with graph theory I could connect the music to itself and I could take that those connections those relationships encoded in a matrix and draw it as a graph and hopefully come up with an artistic image entire image of an entire piece of music so I replied to mark instead I said okay that sounds like a fun challenge I'll give that a try so I spent about a week on it writing the math among mathematical code that embodies this idea and a week later I sent mark an image which he used for the artwork for the London electronics Arts Festival in 2013 it appeared on billboards all over London that's a sparse matrix drawn as a graph on the build words of London as an encoding of music so I took this idea then and I began to explore other kinds of music to see what they would what kind of artistic images I could come out come out from them this is a movement of also sprach zarathustra also known as the theme song to 2001 a Space Odyssey what you're seeing here is the entire movement and the colour comes from the piano keyboard the frequencies what I've done is I've taken the piano keyboard and painted all the keys will not literally mean but I mean computationally right so I've got orange and red as the high frequencies green and yellow in the middle and then blue at the low end so what's happening here in this music you've got the low blue bass coming in in the deep blue and then you've got the three high crescendos and it fades off into the deep blue again here's one of the crescendos [Music] in this image the edges of the graph are the notes that I've extracted from the music and the nodes of the graph art is time so that I'm connecting time to itself from notes found that I've extract from the music using the Fourier transforms different kinds of music leads to very different kinds of graphs here is a jazz piece it's a blue mesh now it's blue because it's got a lot of bass beat in it a lot of low notes and it's a mesh because that rhythm creates like a crystal the rules repeats and you get this blue mesh now you might think hey well this is mathematical art it's gonna be cold and sterile it isn't because the input to this process is organic it's the human voice so I get this very organic feeling that I'm extracting out of the singer and putting into visual art it's very similar to this piece called ironically blue Monday and I get a blue mesh for blue Monday by the group new order which took part in this is a picture from the London electronics Arts Festival in 2013 that I had the privilege of attending and above their heads I've put my artistic rendering of their music now their music I'll play for you shortly has a very complex rhythm it's like a mesh within a mesh and I get I'm sorry it's like rhythm inside a rhythm and I get a mesh inside of a mesh don't worry I'm not gonna dance up here I'm tempted this piece is a piece by Don Knuth the composed the computer scientist and composer that I quoted earlier this is an organ piece and what he did is he took the entire book of Revelation verse by verse chapter by chapter verse by verse and translated using an algorithm and constraint based process algorithmic and constraint based process into organ music this is my artistic rendering of his chapter 6 now there's no deep blue meshes in this be there's no heavy bass beat there's just a little but there's a lot of beautiful complexity and all the different notes that come out of that organ piece it's beautiful its complex it's nowhere near as complex as Bach this piece is cut trance by Kevin MacLeod and as you can tell from the bloom ash if you follow along that this is going to have a heavy rhythm but when I came up with this image I was stunned at very unexpectedly they look at those cells this is not a simple mesh there's a 14 way cycle there and that 14 way cycle repeats the music has a 14 way rhythm to it when I drew this image when I constructed this image I thought oh I really got to find out what parts of the music is constructing creating what part of this graph now recall when I described it every edge in this graph that I create is a note that appears in the music at a particular point in time so once I have the image I can then go and paint the image in time to create a music video and you can see that pulsing beat create that that image in my journey of combining art and music and math together I've come across other artists and composers who embody a similar principle of combining seemingly disconnected different totally different domains together to create their art and what I've done in my mathematical software is added another layer of complexity by translating their music into visual art this next piece is an avant-garde orchestral composition by Jonas zanuck as he was an artist a composer a engineer an architect and a mathematician all rolled together and what he would do in this particular piece and others he would draw his music in space and then create mathematical rules that translated that spatial design into music from vision to rules to works of art and then he envisioned an inverse path where you take his works of art his music through mathematical rules to vision well that's exactly what I've done in a way I've put his music back from where it came from the spatial domain and that's my artistic rendering of his music above TV song by Blue Man Group now I said it wasn't going to dance but what ice this is look at like a Rorschach inkblot test I don't know what you see in this image but I see a dancer maybe with a funky red headdress and a trumpet held to his mouth some big things strapped to his waist that's pretty crazy because if you know Blue Man Group that's what they actually do they build these funky instruments and strap them to their bodies that walk around on stage to create their music Matt Goldman Blue Man Group co-founder writes in Blue Man Group there is no separating science from technology from math from engineering a past bloom and performance when as far as exceeding the phenomenon of synesthesia hearing colors or seeing sound seeing sound with art and science and math so consider our journey together this evening math is beautiful matrices are beautiful mathematical software is beautiful triggered by a seemingly random email from a guy in London I came across a way of Exodia the idea that mathematical software is beautiful who would have thought it that mathematical software is beautiful my question is what do you do that has a hidden that is beautiful or that has a hidden beauty my challenge is just like that random email from London that I got keep an eye open for the unexpected gradient seemingly disconnected different aspects of your life that collide together to produce unexpected serendipitous beauty thank you [Applause]

- Game Balance Isn't Real: Kind: captions Language: en What is game balance? If you're into competitive&nbsp; games, I'm sure you have a pretty decent answer.&nbsp;&nbsp; But can you answer me this question? How do we&nbsp; know when a game is finally balanced? Let me take&nbsp;&nbsp; you back to the early 2010s. League of Legends is&nbsp; one of the most popular competitive games of all&nbsp;&nbsp; time. And on February 16th, 2011, the developers&nbsp; released a patch containing the following change&nbsp;&nbsp; for Vladimir's Sanguin Pool. Removed oncast bonus&nbsp; movement speed. The player sentiment after playing&nbsp;&nbsp; the update was rough. Users rushed online to&nbsp; express how bad this change felt. Vladimir's play&nbsp;&nbsp; rate plummeted and his win rate also decreased.&nbsp; But here's the twist. The developer had forgotten&nbsp;&nbsp; to submit the files for that particular change&nbsp; and so it never actually went out to players.&nbsp;&nbsp; Game balance isn't real. Okay, I know that might&nbsp; sound ridiculous and dramatic to some of you, but&nbsp;&nbsp; give me a chance before you rush to the comments&nbsp; to light me up. Let's define some terms. Game&nbsp;&nbsp; tuning is the act of adjusting a game to achieve a&nbsp; goal. Tuning is a very real action that developers&nbsp;&nbsp; take. Game tuning is real. Game balance, however,&nbsp; is not an act. It isn't something you do. It's a&nbsp;&nbsp; goal. Generally, developers and players alike&nbsp; want to achieve the goal of game balance. When&nbsp;&nbsp; players give feedback to developers, they often&nbsp; do so with game balance in mind. Developers tune&nbsp;&nbsp; the game to try to achieve balance. Again,&nbsp; tuning is the act. Balance is the goal. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; while tuning is easily defined, we need to ask,&nbsp; what does game balance as a goal even mean? If,&nbsp;&nbsp; as we just learned, simply telling players that&nbsp; something in the game has changed when it has&nbsp;&nbsp; not can so deeply affect their perception of the&nbsp; game's balance. Game balance isn't real. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; right. Game balance is mostly just vibes, but&nbsp; they're vibes that really matter. Whether you're&nbsp;&nbsp; a developer tuning a competitive game or a player&nbsp; interested in playing or discussing these games,&nbsp;&nbsp; let me explain why game balance isn't what you&nbsp; think and share some of my techniques for tuning&nbsp;&nbsp; competitive games. But first, why should you care&nbsp; about my view on this topic? Let me introduce&nbsp;&nbsp; myself. My name is Adam Hart, but you might know&nbsp; me as Keats in the fighting game community. As&nbsp;&nbsp; early as age six, my dad and I would compete&nbsp; with each other and create new games together. I&nbsp;&nbsp; started playing fighting games when Street Fighter&nbsp; 2 hit arcades in 1991, and I got the competitive&nbsp;&nbsp; itch around 1997. The lack of nearby tournaments&nbsp; led me to running my own local events, which got&nbsp;&nbsp; me hooked enough to start traveling the country&nbsp; to attend regional and major tournaments, which&nbsp;&nbsp; led me to evolving my own events into the regional&nbsp; major series Ultimate Fighting Game Tournament,&nbsp;&nbsp; or UFGT, which popular fighting game commentator&nbsp; Ultra David has called one of the most influential&nbsp;&nbsp; tournament series in FGC history. Thanks,&nbsp; bud. During my travels, I scored an EVO top&nbsp;&nbsp; eight medal in 2011 by getting seventh place in&nbsp; Tatsanino versus Capcom Ultimate Allstars. I was&nbsp;&nbsp; the editor-in chief of top fighting game website&nbsp; shyukin.com for many years, writing about news,&nbsp;&nbsp; events, and co-hosting their weekly podcast, Wake&nbsp; Up SRK. I got into game development when I created&nbsp;&nbsp; Divekick with my wife and friends. And then I&nbsp; joined Iron Galaxy Studios to release a commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; version. I also helped Iron Galaxy Studios with&nbsp; Street Fighter 3: Third Strike Online, Marvel vs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Capcom Origins, and Darkstalkers Resurrection.&nbsp; I then served as lead combat designer on Killer&nbsp;&nbsp; Instinct, the 2013 version, season 2, and&nbsp; for the rest of the game's development cycle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then as lead designer on Rumbleverse, on&nbsp; Divekick, Killer Instinct, and Rumbleverse. In&nbsp;&nbsp; addition to my many other duties, I was in charge&nbsp; of game tuning, and I interacted heavily with&nbsp;&nbsp; each game's community. In other words, trying&nbsp; to achieve competitive game balance has been&nbsp;&nbsp; a major focus of my career as a game developer&nbsp; since 2012. During this professional experience,&nbsp;&nbsp; I came to view Game Balance very differently than&nbsp; it did at the start and very differently than most&nbsp;&nbsp; of our industry. The proof of this view is&nbsp; in the pudding. Endgame Killer Instinct is&nbsp;&nbsp; still considered by many to be one of the greatest&nbsp; fighting games of all time with major tournaments&nbsp;&nbsp; still ongoing. A lot of players feel its balance&nbsp; is among the best in the entire genre. But before&nbsp;&nbsp; I jump into the meat of this talk, I want to share&nbsp; a quick word about the examples I'm going to use&nbsp;&nbsp; in this video. I lived through nearly all of the&nbsp; events I'm going to reference, but the ones I was&nbsp;&nbsp; less close to required me to do some research.&nbsp; I did my absolute best to represent the facts&nbsp;&nbsp; and feelings of the time. And I want to make it&nbsp; clear that if I use an example in a negative way&nbsp;&nbsp; that I'm not disparaging the people who made those&nbsp; games, made those design choices, or players who&nbsp;&nbsp; love those games. I want to acknowledge that all&nbsp; of us developers are trying to do the best we can&nbsp;&nbsp; at a very difficult task. We've all made mistakes,&nbsp; me very much included, and I'll probably make more&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes in the future. The point of this video&nbsp; and its examples isn't to point fingers or say I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; the best or something like that. It's to use our&nbsp; history to observe lessons to help you understand&nbsp;&nbsp; my perspective on game balance. Cool. All right,&nbsp; let's begin. Has this ever happened to you? You're&nbsp;&nbsp; at the GameStop reading the back of the box for&nbsp; the latest competitive game and the bullet points&nbsp;&nbsp; say 16 playable characters, 12 fighting stages.&nbsp; The game play is very fair. I bet you couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; wait to get home and play the game so you could&nbsp; experience the fairness firsthand. Let's be real.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fairness is not a selling point and people don't&nbsp; generally buy games because they're fair. Why do&nbsp;&nbsp; people buy games or download them in the case&nbsp; of games that don't require a purchase? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; the game looks fun. You can do a bunch of cool&nbsp; stuff in it. Explosion, style, mastery. Every&nbsp;&nbsp; person's definition of fun is unique. And the&nbsp; type of fun they seek is their primary motivator&nbsp;&nbsp; when deciding what to play. People also buy games&nbsp; because of FOMO. Their friends or their community&nbsp;&nbsp; are playing and they don't want to be left behind.&nbsp; Gamers will often play a game we don't love just&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep up with our friends. Even outside social&nbsp; pressure such as everyone's playing it can trigger&nbsp;&nbsp; the desire to not be left behind. Back before&nbsp; post-launch live service update cycles were the&nbsp;&nbsp; norm. The point of a sale was all that mattered.&nbsp; As a developer, if I could get you to buy your&nbsp;&nbsp; Super Nintendo copy of Street Fighter 2, my&nbsp; relationship with you ended right then and there.&nbsp;&nbsp; Wouldn't have mattered to me how long you played&nbsp; the game or what you thought of the game balance&nbsp;&nbsp; or the fairness or any of that. Even if the game&nbsp; was deeply unfair, you'd likely only be playing it&nbsp;&nbsp; against your local friends, and none of you were&nbsp; good enough at the game for that to even really&nbsp;&nbsp; matter. So, as a dev, I'd just hope that I did a&nbsp; good enough job to make you want to buy the next&nbsp;&nbsp; version of the game in a year or two. Now, game&nbsp; development and marketing costs have skyrocketed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Development timelines are only getting longer, and&nbsp; the way consumers interact with competitive games&nbsp;&nbsp; has completely changed. After your initial&nbsp; purchase or download, it's important for&nbsp;&nbsp; developers to keep players playing. If they aren't&nbsp; playing, they won't be around to buy DLC and fill&nbsp;&nbsp; the online matchmaking cues. So now it's become&nbsp; just as important to keep players from quitting&nbsp;&nbsp; as it is to get them to buy or download the game&nbsp; in the first place, especially if the game is&nbsp;&nbsp; free to play. If you want to stop players from&nbsp; quitting, you need to fully understand why they&nbsp;&nbsp; quit. Players quit because sometimes it's not&nbsp; about the game itself, and there isn't anything&nbsp;&nbsp; you can do. Maybe a new game came out and pulled&nbsp; their attention away. Perhaps real life happened&nbsp;&nbsp; and that drastically lowered the players free&nbsp; time. But there are reasons that players quit&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can at least somewhat control. If a game&nbsp; becomes more frustrating than fun, players will&nbsp;&nbsp; quit. If a game becomes more thoughtless than&nbsp; engaging, players will quit. So, to summarize,&nbsp;&nbsp; games no longer are sold in a box and left as is.&nbsp; Competitive games need to last for years just to&nbsp;&nbsp; justify the rising cost of development. Developers&nbsp; are expected to keep players engaged in playing.&nbsp;&nbsp; That means frustration is a real problem that must&nbsp; be dealt with. Boredom is a real problem that must&nbsp;&nbsp; be dealt with. And so developers decide on goals&nbsp; and then they tinker with their games and this&nbsp;&nbsp; gets called rather interchangeably game tuning or&nbsp; game patching or game balancing. But each of these&nbsp;&nbsp; terms has their own definitions and we should&nbsp; not use them interchangeably. Let's reiterate the&nbsp;&nbsp; terms as I've defined them. Game tuning is the act&nbsp; of making adjustments in your game in an effort&nbsp;&nbsp; to achieve a goal. Game patching is the act of&nbsp; deploying updates to the game. And game balance is&nbsp;&nbsp; merely one possible goal of game tuning. But what&nbsp; is a balanced game really? How do we know when a&nbsp;&nbsp; game is finally balanced? Is it when every weapon&nbsp; or character is used equally or wins equally? Is&nbsp;&nbsp; it when the players have nothing left to complain&nbsp; about online? Are these things even possible?&nbsp;&nbsp; When we tune a game, we're looking to reach some&nbsp; specific measurable outcome. So, a problem we're&nbsp;&nbsp; about to run into is that game balance doesn't&nbsp; have just one definition that everyone agrees&nbsp;&nbsp; on. Each part of the audience for your game is&nbsp; looking for something different based on their own&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas of what successful game balance looks like&nbsp; to them. Most players primary driver for wanting&nbsp;&nbsp; game balance is the idea of fairness. They think&nbsp; they want a game in which all options are equally&nbsp;&nbsp; viable and they can rank up or win a tournament&nbsp; with any character or weapon or team comp that&nbsp;&nbsp; they choose. They want a game where the tools they&nbsp; use are objectively powerful but are perceived as&nbsp;&nbsp; fair by others and that those tools are rarely&nbsp; used against them. If the game doesn't feel fair&nbsp;&nbsp; to an individual, that individual gets frustrated.&nbsp; Viewers matter a lot to any modern competitive&nbsp;&nbsp; games ecosystem. And the viewer's primary driver&nbsp; for wanting game balance is variety. They want&nbsp;&nbsp; to tune into live streams and see like a lot of&nbsp; different characters and team compositions and&nbsp;&nbsp; weapons represented to keep things interesting.&nbsp; They want to see lots of play styles interacting&nbsp;&nbsp; with each other, especially when viewing&nbsp; tournaments. It's a lot less fun when the top&nbsp;&nbsp; eight character selections look like this. If the&nbsp; choices being made on screen are too repetitive,&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers get frustrated. And this third one&nbsp; Mhm. Yeah, we'll talk about this one later. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do developers figure out how to tune the game&nbsp; to make it more fair and give it more variety? One&nbsp;&nbsp; common strategy is to survey or talk to players to&nbsp; see what it is they want changed. Another common&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy is to use telemetry to look deeply&nbsp; at data that represents real in-game outcomes,&nbsp;&nbsp; such as use rates or win rates to try and make it&nbsp; so that things make sense mathematically. And yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; despite trying all of these things, competitive&nbsp; games so often struggle to achieve good game&nbsp;&nbsp; balance. Why is that? Let's break down each of the&nbsp; traditional methods for making tuning decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; and see where they tend to go wrong. Let's start&nbsp; with telemetry. Data lies. On the first day of my&nbsp;&nbsp; high school statistics class, our teacher shared&nbsp; with us a quote from early 20th century Austrian&nbsp;&nbsp; psychiatrist Wilhelm Steckle. Statistics is the&nbsp; art of lying by means of figures. That quote&nbsp;&nbsp; really stuck with me. As it turns out, if you're&nbsp; clever, you can use data to prove almost any point&nbsp;&nbsp; you want. or worse, data can convince you of a&nbsp; false truth. Data can be very useful in convincing&nbsp;&nbsp; your development teammates of a design direction,&nbsp; but it's much less useful for finding the right&nbsp;&nbsp; tuning decision to make for your audience.&nbsp; Checking telemetry from League of Legends,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might find that the item Maji Soulstealer has&nbsp; an absurdly high win rate, often close to 80%. But&nbsp;&nbsp; this statistic is highly misleading. The item is&nbsp; rarely purchased unless you're already winning,&nbsp;&nbsp; which means the player purchasing it was already&nbsp; very likely to win before making the purchase. The&nbsp;&nbsp; developers understood why the win rate for this&nbsp; item was the way it was, and that kept them from&nbsp;&nbsp; making the mistake of trusting the numbers alone&nbsp; and making a poor tuning decision. This means that&nbsp;&nbsp; in order to find guidance within the numbers, you&nbsp; need an extraordinary amount of context. Let's say&nbsp;&nbsp; that you look at your character pick rates and&nbsp; one of the characters is very underreresented.&nbsp;&nbsp; Do we have any idea why just from the numbers&nbsp; alone? Is it because the characters too weak?&nbsp;&nbsp; Or are they difficult to use? Or do they lose&nbsp; matchups to some of the most common characters?&nbsp;&nbsp; Or are they just kind of ugly? Without the&nbsp; reason why, this data is effectively useless&nbsp;&nbsp; as a means to understanding what changes to make&nbsp; in your game. Early on in Overwatch's lifespan,&nbsp;&nbsp; developers saw the use rate of the support hero&nbsp; Symmetra was low. And so on December 13th, 2016,&nbsp;&nbsp; they overhauled the character, changing the way&nbsp; her move set worked. Developer design notes said&nbsp;&nbsp; they wanted to make Symmetra feel more active&nbsp; and give her more meaningful contributions to the&nbsp;&nbsp; team. Overall, Symmetra players liked the changes,&nbsp; but the use rate barely went up. The players were&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhat happy, but the goal of normalizing the&nbsp; use rate was not achieved. She still wasn't very&nbsp;&nbsp; popular. On June 26th, 2018, a year and a half&nbsp; later, Symmetra was reworked a second time. This&nbsp;&nbsp; time, moving her from a support role into a damage&nbsp; role. Many Symmetra players lost their fun in this&nbsp;&nbsp; overhaul, and some physically disabled players&nbsp; could no longer play the character at all. The&nbsp;&nbsp; use rate dropped below the original version&nbsp; while simultaneously making the player base&nbsp;&nbsp; upset without understanding why the use rate&nbsp; was low to begin with, tuning the character,&nbsp;&nbsp; or worse, reworking them entirely is like throwing&nbsp; darts while blindfolded after being punched in the&nbsp;&nbsp; face. Was the pick rate low because Symmetra was&nbsp; weak? Or was it because her toolkit didn't fit in&nbsp;&nbsp; well with the dominant strategies running the&nbsp; game? Or was it because she was only fun to a&nbsp;&nbsp; certain type of player? And if I may ask, is&nbsp; it even a problem that her pick rate was low&nbsp;&nbsp; or that the game has niche characters that aren't&nbsp; tournament viable? Well, is it? Without context,&nbsp;&nbsp; data is often worse than useless. It can make you&nbsp; think a problem exists where there isn't one, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it might lead you to making decisions that remove&nbsp; the fun of some of your players. Data without&nbsp;&nbsp; context is dangerous. We should also consider that&nbsp; data is almost never qualitative and it's easily&nbsp;&nbsp; skewed. Developers that use telemetry to observe&nbsp; the win rates of various characters and weapons&nbsp;&nbsp; will find obvious and large differences when they&nbsp; start to sort that data by player rank. But can&nbsp;&nbsp; we really trust a qualifier like player rank to&nbsp; sort and understand this data? Ranking systems&nbsp;&nbsp; are only good at sorting people who use them a&nbsp; lot. Consider that there are tournament level&nbsp;&nbsp; players who do not play ranked mode often at all.&nbsp; and when they do, they may be much lower ranked&nbsp;&nbsp; than their actual skill level due to their lack of&nbsp; ranked play time. You must also realize that not&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone in the top ranking bracket is of equal&nbsp; skill. And so this can affect a character's win&nbsp;&nbsp; rate rather drastically, even within that segment&nbsp; of players. And within that segment, you may find&nbsp;&nbsp; that certain strategies or characters are barely&nbsp; used at all. Think about what else goes into the&nbsp;&nbsp; win rate. This a 1v one game or a team game. Is&nbsp; the character difficult or easy to use? How do&nbsp;&nbsp; we interpret the stats of a character who thrives&nbsp; in online matchmaking but struggles to place well&nbsp;&nbsp; in full tournament brackets? How close are the&nbsp; game's best character specialists to reaching&nbsp;&nbsp; each character's known potential? And what don't&nbsp; we know about a character's potential? Even if we&nbsp;&nbsp; could perfectly understand the quality of our win&nbsp; rate data, we simply can't learn enough from it to&nbsp;&nbsp; identify if we even have a problem to address,&nbsp; let alone possible solutions to that problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe we can spot a lopsided matchup with data&nbsp; from time to time, which can be really helpful&nbsp;&nbsp; in knowing where to look, but it isn't at all&nbsp; helpful in figuring out what to change. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; data will lie to you. Using Street Fighter 6's&nbsp; publicly available telemetry, we can see such&nbsp;&nbsp; a case in action. Doulam, Lily, Honda, Rasheed,&nbsp; Blanca, and Kimberly are the bottom six characters&nbsp;&nbsp; in terms of use rates and ranked, both across all&nbsp; ranks overall and when isolating the master ranked&nbsp;&nbsp; players. And yet the characters with the highest&nbsp; win rates in master rank are in order Ponda,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kimberly, Dawson, JP, Blanca, Rasheed. So this is&nbsp; almost the exact inverse. And player conceptions&nbsp;&nbsp; of these characters place in the tier lists bear&nbsp; no relation to any of this data. Most players&nbsp;&nbsp; think Blanca and Rasheed are high tier. Honda&nbsp; and Lily are low tier. And ideas about Doulam&nbsp;&nbsp; and Kimberly's strength vary wildly. This data&nbsp; could easily lead you to believe that these six&nbsp;&nbsp; characters are weak due to underuse or make you&nbsp; think that they're too strong because of their&nbsp;&nbsp; high win rates. Data without context is dangerous.&nbsp; Yes, but even trying to apply proper context to&nbsp;&nbsp; your data is almost impossibly difficult. So,&nbsp; if we can't really trust data to guide us,&nbsp;&nbsp; we should probably talk to the players in our&nbsp; community, right? After all, they play the most.&nbsp;&nbsp; They're often extremely skilled and they know the&nbsp; game pretty pretty damn well. Well, unfortunately,&nbsp;&nbsp; even though most of them don't mean to, players&nbsp; frequently lie, too. If you've been in or around&nbsp;&nbsp; gamedev long enough, you've certainly heard the&nbsp; phrase, "Players don't know what they want." This&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't entirely true in my experience. There's&nbsp; a relatively well-known clip of me from the&nbsp;&nbsp; wonderful fight on Killer Instinct documentary by&nbsp; Hold Back to Block, in which I tell an anecdote&nbsp;&nbsp; about a time when the KI community rallied&nbsp; together and really wanted us to nerf JGO.&nbsp;&nbsp; Specifically, his ability to heal himself by&nbsp; landing fireballs during his instinct mode&nbsp;&nbsp; made them feel like they had to kill him three&nbsp; times instead of two. But nerfing his healing,&nbsp;&nbsp; as they had requested, would have cut away at the&nbsp; character's core identity and a large part of what&nbsp;&nbsp; makes him unique and fun to play. The community&nbsp; was laser focused on seeing the healing as the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem. And their view of the game was that&nbsp; JGO was either too strong or too frustrating to&nbsp;&nbsp; play against depending on who you asked. Whether&nbsp; this was the true state of the game or not is not&nbsp;&nbsp; relevant. They believed JGO was a problem and&nbsp; their perception, no matter how flawed, is the&nbsp;&nbsp; reality they live in. To tune games properly, you&nbsp; must accept this. A player's perception is their&nbsp;&nbsp; reality. So instead of succumbing to the community&nbsp; pressure campaign and nerfing Jgo's healing,&nbsp;&nbsp; we took a different approach that allowed us to&nbsp; maintain his fun and unique healing gimmick while&nbsp;&nbsp; weakening some of the more brainless parts of&nbsp; his kit that allowed him to negate his intended&nbsp;&nbsp; weaknesses too easily. The community cooked us&nbsp; pretty hard for a few weeks, insisting that this&nbsp;&nbsp; wasn't the change they asked for and wouldn't&nbsp; make a difference. But a few weeks after that,&nbsp;&nbsp; complaining about JGO had all but stopped.&nbsp; Players knew they wanted a weaker JGO. It's just&nbsp;&nbsp; that their idea of how to do it would have had way&nbsp; worse knockdown effects on the game and JGO player&nbsp;&nbsp; base than what we landed on. And of course, a very&nbsp; small number of JGO players were unable to adapt&nbsp;&nbsp; to the changes that we did end up going with, and&nbsp; they either switched characters or quit the game&nbsp;&nbsp; entirely. That sucks, but it's a natural part of&nbsp; the tuning process. You can't please everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can limit the negative blowback of a nerf&nbsp; if you're thoughtful. Was Jgo too strong on paper?&nbsp;&nbsp; Did he even need to be nerfed in the first place?&nbsp; Believe it or not, it doesn't actually matter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ultimately, players were frustrated and something&nbsp; had to be done about that. The something we chose&nbsp;&nbsp; weakened JGO, which is what the players wanted,&nbsp; but the way we did it strayed pretty far from most&nbsp;&nbsp; of the common complaints. So, in a way, players&nbsp; do occasionally know what they want. It's just&nbsp;&nbsp; that they don't usually know the least destructive&nbsp; way to get there. Most of your user base will lie&nbsp;&nbsp; to you, but I'll state again, they usually don't&nbsp; mean to. They're generally well-intentioned, and&nbsp;&nbsp; they just want the game to get better. But better&nbsp; for who? Even among the most well-meaning users,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll find that the overwhelming majority&nbsp; of them struggle to see the big picture or&nbsp;&nbsp; consider the viewpoints of others. Their idea of&nbsp; a better game is very commonly one in which they&nbsp;&nbsp; with their character or weapon of choice can win&nbsp; more easily. Things that beat their play style get&nbsp;&nbsp; weakened and their play style gets stronger and no&nbsp; one complains about their play style so they can&nbsp;&nbsp; feel good about using it. I used to think this way&nbsp; myself, so I'm not trying to cut you down if you&nbsp;&nbsp; currently think this way. It goes without saying&nbsp; that this isn't a good way to make a more fair or&nbsp;&nbsp; less frustrating game. So, you need to take every&nbsp; piece of feedback that you get with a massive&nbsp;&nbsp; grain of salt and try to apply as much context to&nbsp; it as possible. Developers can be easily misled&nbsp;&nbsp; by data, sure, but they can even more easily&nbsp; be misled by players. Data can be convincing,&nbsp;&nbsp; but players can be very, very loud and hard to&nbsp; ignore. It is, of course, not possible to know&nbsp;&nbsp; what you don't currently know. But that won't stop&nbsp; players from insisting that their perspective is&nbsp;&nbsp; the truth. After all, to them, it currently is.&nbsp; But their perspective can shift quickly. Players&nbsp;&nbsp; are very easily influenced and misled. Influencer&nbsp; types can often without even meaning to construct&nbsp;&nbsp; completely false narratives that large swaths&nbsp; of your user base will bandwagon on and help&nbsp;&nbsp; amplify. Suddenly, the desires or misinformation&nbsp; of just one popular player can start to sound&nbsp;&nbsp; like hundreds or thousands of people who all agree&nbsp; about what the problem is and how to fix it. Group&nbsp;&nbsp; think is a major issue that puts a lot of social&nbsp; pressure on devs that can be very difficult to&nbsp;&nbsp; navigate. And it isn't just influential players or&nbsp; malicious players who can influence a crowd. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; often tournament results themselves. Early on,&nbsp; after the launch of Injustice 2 in May of 2017,&nbsp;&nbsp; generational talent, Sonic Fox, won nearly every&nbsp; tournament they attended using Captain Cold, a&nbsp;&nbsp; character that many at the time thought was on the&nbsp; weaker end of the roster. Sonic Fox's dominant win&nbsp;&nbsp; streak resulted in a community that was forced to&nbsp; reassess the actual strength of the character. and&nbsp;&nbsp; eventually developers that nerfed the character&nbsp; despite Sonic Fox's insistence that Captain Cold&nbsp;&nbsp; was indeed weak and just counterpicked certain&nbsp; characters well. But you don't even have to go&nbsp;&nbsp; on a dominant winning streak to change people's&nbsp; views. After Super Street Fighter 4 launched in&nbsp;&nbsp; April of 2010, right before tournament season&nbsp; really kicked off, many of us looked to our&nbsp;&nbsp; strongest players to assess the power levels&nbsp; of the 10 new characters that were added to&nbsp;&nbsp; the roster. Going into EVO 2010 on July 9th,&nbsp; the widespread sentiment among top players was&nbsp;&nbsp; that Adon was among the weaker characters added&nbsp; to the game. Many of us went into that event,&nbsp;&nbsp; writing the character off completely. And then&nbsp; gamer B took fifth place out of about 1,700&nbsp;&nbsp; players with ADON that weekend in the largest&nbsp; open bracket tournament we had seen to date.&nbsp;&nbsp; Totally upending how we viewed the character&nbsp; for months without a single balance change. Gamer B from Taiwan using Adom. For all you people&nbsp; out there, don't believe that Adon can take it to&nbsp;&nbsp; the top eight. In an even more dramatic example,&nbsp; let's look at Super Smash Brothers Melee. One of&nbsp;&nbsp; the most popular competitive games of all time&nbsp; and a game that has not been patched since the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1.02 Players Choice discs were released in 2003.&nbsp; Melee has a very long and welldocumented history&nbsp;&nbsp; of community agreed upon tier lists to rank&nbsp; the strongest and weakest characters. By all&nbsp;&nbsp; conventional wisdom, Yoshi sat as the 21st best&nbsp; character in the game in a roster of 26. Not good.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then AMSA appeared in the tournament scene&nbsp; and started getting results with Yoshi. Yoshi's&nbsp;&nbsp; rank went from 21st to 12th from 2013 to 2015.&nbsp; And after AMSA's win at Big House 10 in October&nbsp;&nbsp; of 2022, arguably the hardest melee major of all&nbsp; time, Yoshi now sits as the 10th best character&nbsp;&nbsp; in the game on community tier lists. Despite&nbsp; nothing about the game changing, Yoshi rose 11&nbsp;&nbsp; spots in the ranks. Yoshi is the best of the 987&nbsp; competitors. Again, we simply cannot know what we&nbsp;&nbsp; do not know. Whether it's Sonic Fox thinking&nbsp; their tournament winning character is weak,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a consensus of top players thinking that&nbsp; a character they don't even man is weak just&nbsp;&nbsp; before a breakout performance, or AMSA believing&nbsp; in their characters power despite ridiculous&nbsp;&nbsp; execution requirements and being the only one&nbsp; in the world who can do it. It just goes to show&nbsp;&nbsp; you how easily players and developer opinions can&nbsp; be swayed by tournament results and influencers.&nbsp;&nbsp; When group think and player pressure campaigns&nbsp; arrive at your doorstep, it's incredibly hard,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe impossible as a developer to know what&nbsp; situation you're actually in and guess right. Is&nbsp;&nbsp; the character weak or strong? Without many years&nbsp; of evidence, you'll have to make an assumption.&nbsp;&nbsp; You'll be right sometimes, and you'll be wrong&nbsp; other times, and it's a huge part of why tuning&nbsp;&nbsp; a competitive game is so difficult. And of course,&nbsp; when talking about our inability to know what we&nbsp;&nbsp; don't yet know and how that influences the way we&nbsp; think about our passions in the world, I need to&nbsp;&nbsp; remind you, dear viewer, of the Dunning Krueger&nbsp; effect. We can be extremely confident that we&nbsp;&nbsp; know everything about the state of a game when we,&nbsp; in fact, are only seeing a small part of the big&nbsp;&nbsp; picture. Even the strongest players in the world&nbsp; who are regularly winning tournaments may only be&nbsp;&nbsp; aware of a tiny fraction of what's possible within&nbsp; a play space. And while balanced discussions and&nbsp;&nbsp; tierless theorizing can be incredibly fun, it is&nbsp; for these reasons that players make misleading and&nbsp;&nbsp; unreliable sources of guidance when deciding how&nbsp; to tune your game. Okay, so we can't rely on data&nbsp;&nbsp; or players for guidance. But what about the goals&nbsp; we'd set out to achieve in the first place? Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; examine our list of goals and try to understand&nbsp; if we're even attempting to steer in the right&nbsp;&nbsp; direction. Goal number one, a favorite goal of&nbsp; players is fairness. Fairness should not and&nbsp;&nbsp; cannot ever be a goal. Why? Because no two players&nbsp; can ever universally agree on what is fair. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; an emotional metric that changes by the minute&nbsp; depending on who you ask, the results of their&nbsp;&nbsp; latest ranked match, what salty player showed up&nbsp; on their social media algorithm that day. It is&nbsp;&nbsp; simply not an achievable goal because game balance&nbsp; is mostly vibes. You cannot measure your success&nbsp;&nbsp; by measuring fairness as the only way to do so.&nbsp; Data or player surveys are frequently misleading.&nbsp;&nbsp; Remember, as a developer, you also don't know what&nbsp; you don't know. Things you think you know may be&nbsp;&nbsp; false, and you are just as easy to manipulate&nbsp; as the players are. Remember that League of&nbsp;&nbsp; Legends example from the start of the video about&nbsp; Vladimir Sanguin Pool? That wasn't the only time&nbsp;&nbsp; something like that happened in League. When the&nbsp; champion Riven was released, she was viewed by the&nbsp;&nbsp; community as weak. Riot devs apparently agreed and&nbsp; hotfixed in some buffs for the character. Shortly&nbsp;&nbsp; after posting the hot fix notes on the forums, the&nbsp; character's play rate spiked and the feedback was&nbsp;&nbsp; very positive. Players reported how good the buffs&nbsp; felt and what a difference they made, but the hot&nbsp;&nbsp; fix hadn't actually gone live yet. The character&nbsp; was unchanged. Game balance is mostly vibes. The&nbsp;&nbsp; idea of fairness is so individual to each player&nbsp; that it can never be an achievable or even&nbsp;&nbsp; measurable goal. Even when group think makes it&nbsp; seem like thousands of players have the same view&nbsp;&nbsp; on an issue, their overall feelings of fairness&nbsp; will differ greatly. Only way to tune your game&nbsp;&nbsp; into a state in which no player is complaining is&nbsp; to make them all quit. Because of these reasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; I strongly recommend that we stop using the idea&nbsp; of fairness as a tuning goal. Goal number two,&nbsp;&nbsp; a favorite goal of viewers is variety. But&nbsp; variety is not the result of mathematical&nbsp;&nbsp; balance or fairness. It's the result of enabling&nbsp; diverse player expression. Let me explain why.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each individual player has their own play style&nbsp; and their own view on what aspects of your game&nbsp;&nbsp; or characters are fun. This includes the type of&nbsp; risks different players want to take when trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to win. Some players want to play it as safe as&nbsp; possible and focus on reactions with a low-risk,&nbsp;&nbsp; lowreward strategy. Other players may want&nbsp; to gamble, taking big bets and trying to get&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum rewards. And everything in between those&nbsp; two extremes exists as well. If a character is&nbsp;&nbsp; harder to learn and pilot and optimize, should&nbsp; that character be equal in theoretical power&nbsp;&nbsp; output with a character that's trivial to learn&nbsp; and pilot and optimize? An easy character could be&nbsp;&nbsp; considered low risk. A difficult character could&nbsp; be considered high risk. If both risks result in&nbsp;&nbsp; the same reward, which character will most players&nbsp; choose? Or to put it more plainly, one character's&nbsp;&nbsp; low risk, high reward, and the other one is high&nbsp; risk, high reward? What I've observed over the&nbsp;&nbsp; years is that when a game is tuned toward a more&nbsp; flat mathematical balance, play styles start to&nbsp;&nbsp; converge. When this happens, players gravitate&nbsp; towards one of two types of characters. They'll&nbsp;&nbsp; either play the characters that are easiest to win&nbsp; with, thus lowering their risk, or they'll play&nbsp;&nbsp; the characters that look the coolest or sexiest&nbsp; because the vibes matter a lot to us. And watch&nbsp;&nbsp; out if your easy characters are also your coolest&nbsp; ones. We won't often achieve tournament variety by&nbsp;&nbsp; flattening win rate and use rates because doing&nbsp; so flattens out the number of reasons different&nbsp;&nbsp; players gravitate toward different characters&nbsp; or play patterns. It's the quantity of different&nbsp;&nbsp; motivators that you offer to your players&nbsp; that breeds variety. Despite not being widely&nbsp;&nbsp; considered to have the most balanced roster, the&nbsp; original version of Guilty Gear Xer sign would&nbsp;&nbsp; frequently see large variety of characters in&nbsp; tournament top eights. Why? because the characters&nbsp;&nbsp; are so different and diverse that they appeal&nbsp; strongly to different player types. Conversely,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Tekken series, many of the characters share&nbsp; variations of the same game plan and have similar&nbsp;&nbsp; riskreward values. But in Guilty Gear, almost&nbsp; no characters play even remotely alike. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is why when Tekken misses the mark, it's much more&nbsp; common to see something like four Bobs in a Tekken&nbsp;&nbsp; 6 top eight like at EVO 2011, or six Leroys in a&nbsp; Tekken 7 top eight like at EVO Japan in 2020. If&nbsp;&nbsp; the Guilty Gear developers worked hard to flatten&nbsp; the game using data, they'd end up destroying many&nbsp;&nbsp; players favorite play styles and the result would&nbsp; almost certainly be a game with less variety for&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers. And we did in fact end up seeing this&nbsp; in motion at the launch of Guilty Gear Strive,&nbsp;&nbsp; which had top eights dominated by many appearances&nbsp; of Soul Bad Guy, a character boasting the trifecta&nbsp;&nbsp; of easy to use, powerful, and super cool. Because&nbsp; at launch, Strive was more simple and many of the&nbsp;&nbsp; characters felt more sy than in past iterations&nbsp; of the franchise, players gravitated towards this&nbsp;&nbsp; very easy and powerful badass. Down the line, as&nbsp; new mechanics and extremely unique characters were&nbsp;&nbsp; added to the roster, tournament variety improved a&nbsp; great deal. As a goal, variety is an admirable and&nbsp;&nbsp; understandable one. It's actually measurable with&nbsp; telemetry or by looking at tournament results. And&nbsp;&nbsp; if you aren't hitting a good level of variety,&nbsp; your player base will absolutely let you know.&nbsp;&nbsp; But unfortunately, I believe that you'll have&nbsp; a much harder time achieving variety by making&nbsp;&nbsp; it your end goal. Variety is a symptom of a&nbsp; healthy game ecosystem, not the result of a&nbsp;&nbsp; mathematically balanced game. Variety has another&nbsp; enemy, optimization of play patterns, which I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to talk more about later. And finally, the&nbsp; third goal that we skipped over at the beginning,&nbsp;&nbsp; the only real and true goal worth pursuing with&nbsp; game tuning efforts, player retention. Retention&nbsp;&nbsp; is all about making your existing players want&nbsp; to play more or at a bare minimum preventing them&nbsp;&nbsp; from quitting. Fairness is a cute idea. Variety&nbsp; is nice to have if you can get it, but if players&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't playing, there isn't any point to anything&nbsp; you might change in your game. We tune the game&nbsp;&nbsp; and engage with players so that they'll continue&nbsp; playing. That is the goal. We already discussed&nbsp;&nbsp; why players quit and among the reasons within our&nbsp; control are that they get too frustrated or the&nbsp;&nbsp; gameplay stops being thoughtful and engaging. so&nbsp; they get bored. Using this, we can break down our&nbsp;&nbsp; main retention goal into smaller parts. We need&nbsp; to A reduce player frustration, b increase and&nbsp;&nbsp; reinforce thoughtful play patterns that result in&nbsp; engagement, and C do all of that while trying to&nbsp;&nbsp; enable and maintain a high level of diverse&nbsp; player expression. Easy, right? Naturally,&nbsp;&nbsp; doing all of those things while keeping a&nbsp; community happy with the direction you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; is not so easy after all. But in my experience,&nbsp; there are strategies you can use to make it work.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, here's my approach to game tuning with those&nbsp; goals in mind. To the developers watching this,&nbsp;&nbsp; the tuning strategies and methodologies I use&nbsp; work for me. They might work for you or they&nbsp;&nbsp; might not. My goal is to share with you what I've&nbsp; learned so that you can use the parts that make&nbsp;&nbsp; sense for you and your project. Just remember to&nbsp; always be critical about what you use and why.&nbsp;&nbsp; To players watching this, I hope you take away&nbsp; an improved vocabulary about game tuning and a&nbsp;&nbsp; wider view of what the goals of game tuning really&nbsp; are. And I hope that you can use this to improve&nbsp;&nbsp; the way you communicate with developers and each&nbsp; other. The classical approach of using data as&nbsp;&nbsp; a metric to measure the success of your tuning&nbsp; efforts is what I'll call tuning for flatness,&nbsp;&nbsp; wherein you try to achieve fairness and variety&nbsp; by normalizing telemetry and survey data. But&nbsp;&nbsp; when tuning, you need to approach the problem less&nbsp; like a banker balancing the books and more like a&nbsp;&nbsp; beekeeper making sure that the hive is healthy&nbsp; and thriving. Imagine that you're responsible&nbsp;&nbsp; for balancing the environment of Earth and you&nbsp; get a data report and discover that there are 20&nbsp;&nbsp; quadrillion ants on the planet but only 3 trillion&nbsp; trees. If you believe this is an imbalance, you&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't in the right mindset to tune a competitive&nbsp; game. A version of Earth with 20 quadrillion trees&nbsp;&nbsp; would have no space at all for anyone to exist.&nbsp; A version with only three trillion ants is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to cause serious ecological disasters as the food&nbsp; chain collapses. Good game tuning has a lot more&nbsp;&nbsp; in common with musical composition than it does&nbsp; hard science. It requires harmonious choices,&nbsp;&nbsp; purposeful and intentful imbalance of volume&nbsp; and frequency and tempo to achieve the desired&nbsp;&nbsp; emotional effect. What works in one song won't&nbsp; necessarily work in another, which means one&nbsp;&nbsp; game's right answers might be totally wrong&nbsp; for another. All aspects of your game need&nbsp;&nbsp; to harmonize and come together to be stronger&nbsp; than the sum of all of its parts. I call this&nbsp;&nbsp; tuning for harmony. When tuning a game, you're the&nbsp; conductor. Your job is to lead players emotionally&nbsp;&nbsp; where you'd like them to go, not follow the&nbsp; players whims or manipulate telemetry numbers.&nbsp;&nbsp; A game that is tuned for harmony is trying to&nbsp; achieve retention by creating a game state in&nbsp;&nbsp; which the highest number of players can each have&nbsp; their own unique brand of fun, express themselves,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stay engaged. This is a harmonious environment&nbsp; where joy and passion can thrive. Any imbalance&nbsp;&nbsp; that you put into place with intent is based on&nbsp; your vision for the game there to make it more&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting and exciting. It isn't an accident.&nbsp; Mathematical imbalance in your telemetry is not&nbsp;&nbsp; seen as a problem under this lens. It could be a&nbsp; symptom of a problem sometimes, but it could just&nbsp;&nbsp; as well be that the imbalance actually makes the&nbsp; hole stronger. How will you know the difference?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, in order to tune for harmony, you're going&nbsp; to need a few things. First, you're going to need&nbsp;&nbsp; to put someone on your team in charge of game&nbsp; tuning. And that person needs to be able to play&nbsp;&nbsp; at a high enough level to feel the real game.&nbsp; They don't have to be tournament champions or&nbsp;&nbsp; the best in the world, but they should be strong&nbsp; enough to play alongside players of that caliber.&nbsp;&nbsp; This player needs to be under a few mandates.&nbsp; Number one, they can't play in tournaments. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can't be selfish about tuning. Not saying no&nbsp; one on your team can compete. I'm just suggesting&nbsp;&nbsp; that this one person should not compete in the&nbsp; game that you are making. They can feel free to&nbsp;&nbsp; compete in other games to scratch that itch.&nbsp; Number two, they shouldn't even have a main&nbsp;&nbsp; character or weapon. They should spend their play&nbsp; time using the characters or weapons the community&nbsp;&nbsp; think are the weakest and against strong players&nbsp; using the characters or weapons people think are&nbsp;&nbsp; the most offending to see if they even agree.&nbsp; Number three, they should try to think of the game&nbsp;&nbsp; as a whole. Play the whole roster relatively well&nbsp; and understand what aspects of each character are&nbsp;&nbsp; the most core to their identity and fun factor. A&nbsp; player who, say, only uses grapplers or only uses&nbsp;&nbsp; shotguns and can't get out of their comfort zone&nbsp; is going to struggle in this role. Number four,&nbsp;&nbsp; they should try to understand the feelings&nbsp; of players at various skill levels and keep&nbsp;&nbsp; each bracket of players in mind when tuning. You&nbsp; don't tune to give weaker players a chance against&nbsp;&nbsp; more experienced players, but you do need to tune&nbsp; against inexperienced players unique frustrations&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to retain them. This can be a&nbsp; challenging set of asks for a member of your team,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I believe it's crucial. This person is&nbsp; your lantern in a dark cave. Without them,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll be lost and you'll spend most of your time&nbsp; guessing your way back to the light. If you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have this person on your team, you're going to&nbsp; have to find them externally and hire them. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to your players. Seriously, players lie,&nbsp; but you still need to hear them. Players are often&nbsp;&nbsp; right about the symptoms, even if they don't&nbsp; understand the best ways to fix the problems.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you can find a few players who love your game&nbsp; and have a better big picture sense than most, and&nbsp;&nbsp; talk to them a lot. These players are your canary&nbsp; in the coal mine. Don't take what they say at face&nbsp;&nbsp; value. Always think critically, but a discussion&nbsp; with these key people can lead you to the right&nbsp;&nbsp; choices much more quickly and accurately or keep&nbsp; you from making major mistakes. on KI. Of the&nbsp;&nbsp; hundreds of players I spoke to, I trusted exactly&nbsp; two to give me the kind of feedback that helped&nbsp;&nbsp; me validate or make tuning decisions and maybe&nbsp; 10 more to give me thoughts that were helpful. I&nbsp;&nbsp; learned who was who by chatting with the players&nbsp; a lot and being observant. Even with their help,&nbsp;&nbsp; we didn't make the right choice 100% of the time.&nbsp; And you won't either, but you should try to find&nbsp;&nbsp; your key players and make your success rate&nbsp; stronger. As you get information from telemetry&nbsp;&nbsp; and player sentiment reports, filter it and test&nbsp; against it rigorously. It's critical that you do&nbsp;&nbsp; not knee-jerk react to the things you hear. And it&nbsp; can be extremely difficult not to when influencer&nbsp;&nbsp; group think pressure campaigns arrive at your&nbsp; doorstep. You need to deploy changes quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; enough to minimize frustration. But you need&nbsp; to be measured enough to know when a problem&nbsp;&nbsp; is being overblown or a solution that works for&nbsp; your game has not yet been found. As an example,&nbsp;&nbsp; in Killer Instinct and Rumbleverse, I found that&nbsp; an average of 3 to four weeks work for non-c&nbsp;&nbsp; catastrophic issues based on those games audiences&nbsp; and goals. For catastrophic issues, every day&nbsp;&nbsp; counts, and you need to get those fixes out in 2&nbsp; to 3 days, if possible, while communicating often&nbsp;&nbsp; with the community. In most phases of gamedev,&nbsp; there's a mountain of work to do and not enough&nbsp;&nbsp; time to do it all. So, how do you prioritize your&nbsp; work and attention? During development, before&nbsp;&nbsp; you even have players, you need to spend time and&nbsp; energy on features that will let you deploy quick&nbsp;&nbsp; game-tuning changes without full and expensive&nbsp; title updates. These hot fix systems could&nbsp;&nbsp; literally save your game's life. Once your game&nbsp; is out, stay alert for mega frustrators, things&nbsp;&nbsp; in the game that are so far out of bounds that&nbsp; players won't tolerate them until your next major&nbsp;&nbsp; patch. Use your hot fix system and nuke these from&nbsp; orbit. There's a lot of competition for players&nbsp;&nbsp; attention, so don't give them an excuse to quit&nbsp; and play something else. Early on in Rumbleverse,&nbsp;&nbsp; players discovered a bug when double bouncing&nbsp; using a stop sign weapon that allowed them to&nbsp;&nbsp; safely drop a city block sized instant kill damage&nbsp; zone with zero counterplay. Our next patch was 5&nbsp;&nbsp; weeks away, and our user base would have shrunk to&nbsp; near nothing in mere days if we'd had been unable&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix this issue. Thanks to our hot fix system,&nbsp; we were able to get a fix deployed to players in&nbsp;&nbsp; a few days instead of the five weeks it would have&nbsp; taken if we had to wait for our next major patch,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that most of the frustrated players&nbsp; retained. Nailing this built trust between us&nbsp;&nbsp; and the players so that if something like that&nbsp; ever happened again, they'd help calm each other&nbsp;&nbsp; down knowing that we'd likely fix it quickly.&nbsp; There are, of course, some common mistakes to&nbsp;&nbsp; avoid when tuning. You should avoid focusing on&nbsp; individual character versus character or team comp&nbsp;&nbsp; versus team comp matchup tuning. Conceptually,&nbsp; these things are big buckets of variables, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's way too easy to get lost and cause unexpected&nbsp; knockdown effects in other areas of your game if&nbsp;&nbsp; you take on something so broad. You should instead&nbsp; spend time on much smaller and clearer details,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I'll discuss in this section. You also need&nbsp; to avoid overreacting or reacting too quickly if&nbsp;&nbsp; the severity of the issue isn't high. Judge&nbsp; severity by the level of frustration it seems&nbsp;&nbsp; to be causing. Validate it yourself by playing&nbsp; against it and see how pissed off you get.&nbsp;&nbsp; So after all that, what exactly is my method?&nbsp; First, I start by thinking about the big picture&nbsp;&nbsp; of risk versus reward across the entire game. So&nbsp; many tuning decisions can be more smartly made&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're able to correctly assess both the risk&nbsp; and reward of common actions in the game. Any new&nbsp;&nbsp; character or move you put in the game has to match&nbsp; this framework that you've conceptualized. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; see some basic examples of risk versus reward and&nbsp; assess them. Think about head shot and shooters.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you aim for the body and you miss left&nbsp; or right, you hit the arms. If you miss low,&nbsp;&nbsp; you hit the legs. If you miss high, you might get&nbsp; a head shot. Your risk of missing when aiming for&nbsp;&nbsp; the body is at its lowest. And the reward is&nbsp; usually standard damage. If you aim for the&nbsp;&nbsp; head and you miss low, you hit the body and you&nbsp; get standard damage. But if you miss left, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; or high, you don't hit the target at all and&nbsp; deal no damage. Reward for a headshot is vastly&nbsp;&nbsp; increased damage output if you can land it. As a&nbsp; system, the riskreward of headshots makes logical&nbsp;&nbsp; and practical sense. This is a good example of an&nbsp; extremely common and effective riskreward system&nbsp;&nbsp; that breeds thoughtful play. As both aiming&nbsp; for the body or head are effective, but carry&nbsp;&nbsp; different levels of risk and reward that change as&nbsp; you switch weapons, distances, fight targets that&nbsp;&nbsp; move at different speeds, or even increase your&nbsp; own skill level. Now, let's look at a riskreward&nbsp;&nbsp; problem. Take for example Ultimate Marvel vs.&nbsp; Capcom 3. If you use Magneto's heavy attack,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is slower and harder to land to start your&nbsp; combo, your combo damage will be high enough to&nbsp;&nbsp; kill even the sturdiest characters in the game.&nbsp; However, if you start your combo with a quick&nbsp;&nbsp; light attack that comes out fast and hits low, and&nbsp; it's one of the easiest moves in the game to land,&nbsp;&nbsp; your combo damage will still be high enough to&nbsp; kill even the sturdiest characters in the game.&nbsp;&nbsp; The lower and higher risk options both have the&nbsp; same reward. So, in this case, skilled players&nbsp;&nbsp; will almost unanimously gravitate towards using&nbsp; low-risk attacks since the outcome is the same&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter what. Let's compare that to another&nbsp; game's take on this. In Guilty Gear Strive,&nbsp;&nbsp; using a quick punch or kick attack has less combo&nbsp; options and scales the combo's damage and hit stun&nbsp;&nbsp; duration more harshly. Using a slower slash or&nbsp; heavy slash attack gives you the highest damage&nbsp;&nbsp; combo starters and lets you combo more generously.&nbsp; The lower risk option here has a lower reward.&nbsp;&nbsp; This gives players a reason to use more of their&nbsp; options in various situations rather than falling&nbsp;&nbsp; back to the easy and quick ones. The next thing&nbsp; to look out for when hunting riskreward problems&nbsp;&nbsp; is unjustified inconsistency. Let's check out&nbsp; Killer Instinct. In KI, every character has a&nbsp;&nbsp; five-frame quick attack, but not every character&nbsp; has the same range or properties on their quickest&nbsp;&nbsp; attack. Not all of them get the same level of&nbsp; reward. Is this a problem? If the designers made&nbsp;&nbsp; these choices randomly, it might very well be.&nbsp; But if you deliberately design weaknesses into&nbsp;&nbsp; the character kits to compensate for their more&nbsp; extreme strengths, which is usually where their&nbsp;&nbsp; identity and fun lie, it could be perfectly okay&nbsp; to have a character whose quickest attack has poor&nbsp;&nbsp; range or one that can't be rapid fire canceled&nbsp; or one that can only successfully combo into one&nbsp;&nbsp; specific unsafe opener special move. Context&nbsp; is everything. Equality will flatline the&nbsp;&nbsp; play styles. Riskreward should make sense within&nbsp; each character, but also across all characters.&nbsp;&nbsp; Consider the characters Saberwolf, who is one&nbsp; of the easiest characters to play as, and Arya,&nbsp;&nbsp; who is the most difficult character in the game&nbsp; to play as. As I mentioned before, high difficulty&nbsp;&nbsp; is a risk, as the player has way more mistakes&nbsp; they could conceivably make in a match, and their&nbsp;&nbsp; options may be much more difficult to optimize.&nbsp; In a game tuned for flatness, perhaps Saberwolf&nbsp;&nbsp; and Arya should have a similar potential at top&nbsp; levels of play. But when balancing for harmony,&nbsp;&nbsp; we must acknowledge that Arya's high difficulty&nbsp; means she should have a higher number of top level&nbsp;&nbsp; advantages than other characters. Her higher risk&nbsp; should be justified by a higher potential reward.&nbsp;&nbsp; If an easier character could match her potential,&nbsp; almost no one would invest time into the&nbsp;&nbsp; character. Imbalance can absolutely ruin a game.&nbsp; Or imbalance could create harmony. How? If each&nbsp;&nbsp; character's moves are not built equally, there's&nbsp; an imbalance in their strengths and weaknesses.&nbsp;&nbsp; Without the imbalance of high-risk, high-reward&nbsp; characters living alongside low-risk, low-reward&nbsp;&nbsp; characters, player identity gets stifled. You need&nbsp; to find the right mix. So long as the riskreward&nbsp;&nbsp; values across your game make sense together,&nbsp; player identities will shine through and create&nbsp;&nbsp; variety and reduce repetitive play patterns. For&nbsp; instance, low or no risk tactics that have high&nbsp;&nbsp; rewards, such as safe jumps in fighting games,&nbsp; can be simultaneously boring for the attacker&nbsp;&nbsp; and very frustrating for the defender. Try to use&nbsp; this line of thinking to identify outliers and&nbsp;&nbsp; then study the characters or situations these&nbsp; outliers belong to so you can understand if&nbsp;&nbsp; they're a problem or not. Be purposeful with&nbsp; your design. Build in deliberate strengths&nbsp;&nbsp; and weaknesses and commit to them. This is not&nbsp; scientific. The developer responsible for game&nbsp;&nbsp; tuning is going to need a strong vision, a clear&nbsp; understanding of their target audience, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; ability to step back and try to feel all of this&nbsp; from a distance and see the big picture. The next&nbsp;&nbsp; thing you need to stay on top of is frustration.&nbsp; The opposite of frustration is fun. And so,&nbsp;&nbsp; these exist on a single scale together. Some&nbsp; frustration is okay, and it can even be good for&nbsp;&nbsp; your game so long as frustration doesn't overtake&nbsp; fun for your target audience. Imagine leaping off&nbsp;&nbsp; a building in a game with fall damage versus one&nbsp; without. A game without fall damage is definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; less frustrating, but it also lacks the adrenaline&nbsp; rush of attempting the leap and finding a way to&nbsp;&nbsp; land safely despite the danger. Neither of these&nbsp; approaches are wrong. It's just that each better&nbsp;&nbsp; suits a different audience. When an individual's&nbsp; frustration outweighs their fun, they quit. In&nbsp;&nbsp; a single player game, this part's really easy. In&nbsp; Zelda Breath of the Wild, the fun is in exploring&nbsp;&nbsp; and traversing this massive handcrafted world,&nbsp; solving puzzles, getting into battles, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to interact with the very frustrating&nbsp; menus to cook food and manage your inventory,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then all of your weapons break. Some parts of&nbsp; the game are fun, and some parts are frustrating.&nbsp;&nbsp; They pull on each other within me to help me&nbsp; decide if I should keep playing or quit. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's explain the fun frustration scale a bit&nbsp; better. It weighs my own personal fun versus my&nbsp;&nbsp; own personal frustration. This scale represents&nbsp; me, not the game itself. This scale is not about&nbsp;&nbsp; truth. It's about my relationship with the game.&nbsp; If the fun side weighs more, I keep playing. I'll&nbsp;&nbsp; place weights that represent my personal enjoyment&nbsp; from exploration, puzzles, and combat on the left&nbsp;&nbsp; side. The fun side of the scale is heavier now,&nbsp; and so it moves down. Fun weighs more. And now&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll place weights that represent my own personal&nbsp; frustration from having to cook or navigate menus&nbsp;&nbsp; or when my weapons break. Maybe the weight of your&nbsp; personal frustration from say weapons breaking is&nbsp;&nbsp; less than mine. And that would be reflected on&nbsp; your own personal version of the scale. As you&nbsp;&nbsp; can see, the total weight of my fun in Breath of&nbsp; the Wild is heavier than the total weight of my&nbsp;&nbsp; frustrations. If we make the cooking interface a&nbsp; little better, the weight of my total frustration&nbsp;&nbsp; lowers, but the weight of my fun doesn't increase&nbsp; because improving the cooking interface doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; improve the exploration, even though it does&nbsp; improve my overall relationship with the game.&nbsp;&nbsp; Remember, the lower side of the scale is the one&nbsp; that's winning out. Even in competitive games,&nbsp;&nbsp; some frustration is totally unrelated to gameplay&nbsp; aspects of the product. Like if it takes you 3&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes to simply log into the game and another 8&nbsp; minutes to find a match. But on the gameplay side&nbsp;&nbsp; of competitive games, this concept is a series&nbsp; of landmines because it is extremely common that&nbsp;&nbsp; one player's fun is exactly the other player's&nbsp; frustration. The more fun you let a player have,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more frustrated their opponent on the&nbsp; receiving end of that fun is likely to be. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think we all understand that players quit because&nbsp; frustration overtakes fun. And this obviously&nbsp;&nbsp; happens when the weight of the frustration side&nbsp; of the scale gets heavier. But it can also happen&nbsp;&nbsp; if the weight of the fun side gets lighter. If I&nbsp; make something less frustrating for the victim,&nbsp;&nbsp; it may reduce fun for the attacker. It's very&nbsp; often zero sum. In this example, this individual's&nbsp;&nbsp; frustration about being hit wasn't very high in&nbsp; the first place and didn't change when combos&nbsp;&nbsp; got shorter. But because they enjoyed doing long&nbsp; combos so much, the weight of their fun dropped,&nbsp;&nbsp; suddenly causing frustration to outweigh the fun&nbsp; for them. This change may have drastically reduced&nbsp;&nbsp; the frustration for another player and improved&nbsp; their personal scale while causing this particular&nbsp;&nbsp; player to consider quitting. In the gameplay&nbsp; of competitive games, you generally can't make&nbsp;&nbsp; things universally better for everyone. There will&nbsp; almost always be a give and take. Because of this,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to communicate heavily with and keep an&nbsp; eye on your community to see frustration trends&nbsp;&nbsp; appearing, and you need to move quickly to test&nbsp; against them to see how valid you believe they&nbsp;&nbsp; are. Some frustrations can be healthy for a game.&nbsp; Remember, this is an ecosystem. High highs are&nbsp;&nbsp; rarely possible without low lows. What you need&nbsp; to look out for are mega frustrators, things that&nbsp;&nbsp; are so annoying to deal with that no matter how&nbsp; fair their riskreward values may seem that they&nbsp;&nbsp; have to be tuned or you're going to rapidly lose&nbsp; chunks of your audience. We often only make game&nbsp;&nbsp; tuning decisions around risk and reward with top&nbsp; level play in mind. We do this because factually&nbsp;&nbsp; mid and lower level players are not able to&nbsp; observe the whole of the known game yet and are&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely unlikely to notice the riskreward tuning&nbsp; that we do. But when tuning against frustration,&nbsp;&nbsp; we need to consider all levels of play. In Killer&nbsp; Instinct, Gargos has a portal punch move, a&nbsp;&nbsp; tracking projectile that can start a ranged combo.&nbsp; This move was easier to deal with at higher levels&nbsp;&nbsp; of play. Its riskreward values mostly made sense.&nbsp; It had counterplay, and it fit the character's kit&nbsp;&nbsp; really well. But at mid to low levels of&nbsp; play, this move became a mega frustrator.&nbsp;&nbsp; The answers to it, while available and plentiful,&nbsp; were not apparent enough at those levels of play,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the move was causing a number of players to&nbsp; threaten to quit. We tested against this claim&nbsp;&nbsp; as best as we could and ultimately agreed that&nbsp; this move had crossed the line for that level&nbsp;&nbsp; of play. As a result, we adjusted the move quite&nbsp; a few times to find a spot that still worked for&nbsp;&nbsp; top level play, but was much less frustrating at&nbsp; other levels of play. Even at low levels of play,&nbsp;&nbsp; if a player feels like their opponent can&nbsp; beat them with just one brain deadad tactic,&nbsp;&nbsp; which they'll often call spam, they'll frustrate&nbsp; out of the game. Importantly, there is a limit to&nbsp;&nbsp; how weak we were willing to make this move. After&nbsp; a certain point, we had to let the community know&nbsp;&nbsp; that we were not taking the move out of the game&nbsp; and that if they were struggling to deal with&nbsp;&nbsp; this version of the move, they'd need to practice.&nbsp; Our goal isn't to solve the problem for everyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; but to reach a compromise that still might ask&nbsp; some players to overcome their frustrations.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you show your community that you're listening&nbsp; and they believe in you, they will invest effort&nbsp;&nbsp; on their side more readily to overcome challenges&nbsp; and minor frustrations. Meeting you in the middle,&nbsp;&nbsp; that means sometimes, yes, asking players to learn&nbsp; or practice is a part of the bargain. Speaking&nbsp;&nbsp; of brain dead stuff, we need to prevent people&nbsp; from getting bored. On a momentto- moment level,&nbsp;&nbsp; this makes thoughtless gameplay our enemy. You're&nbsp; spending a lot of time not making meaningful&nbsp;&nbsp; decisions. Even if the base actions feel great and&nbsp; have great feedback, you'll eventually get bored.&nbsp;&nbsp; Engagement is the result of making a decision and&nbsp; then seeing the rewarding or punishing results&nbsp;&nbsp; of that decision. Remember our rumbleverse stop&nbsp; sign nuke example? This technique was extremely&nbsp;&nbsp; frustrating to get hit by, but was super fun&nbsp; and funny to do to people at first. But once&nbsp;&nbsp; you mastered the movement needed to do it, which&nbsp; to be honest wasn't very hard at all, it became a&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughtless way to play. You'd land in the world,&nbsp; find a stop sign, nuke a city block, repeat,&nbsp;&nbsp; brain off. So even the people using and abusing&nbsp; the technique or experiencing disengagement due to&nbsp;&nbsp; the degenerate play pattern the stop sign nuke&nbsp; represented. Long combos or block strings in&nbsp;&nbsp; fighting games with zero or infrequent defensive&nbsp; mechanics can also cause a lot of disengagement.&nbsp;&nbsp; Players across many genres do not respond well&nbsp; to losing control of their character. In fighting&nbsp;&nbsp; games, you lose control of your character every&nbsp; time you get hit. My own smallcale studies show&nbsp;&nbsp; players starting to disengage and have frustration&nbsp; spikes on average between the 6 and 8second marks&nbsp;&nbsp; of losing control of their character. Obviously,&nbsp; some individuals, especially in the FGC, have an&nbsp;&nbsp; extreme tolerance to this and can routinely sit&nbsp; through repetitive 40-cond long combos on the&nbsp;&nbsp; receiving end, but this in my experience is not a&nbsp; critical mass of people. I'm not saying you should&nbsp;&nbsp; never make a game with long combos. I'm just&nbsp; suggesting that you need to understand the kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of audience you're trying to retain. And if the&nbsp; long combos do exist, find ways to make them more&nbsp;&nbsp; varied and/or less frequent. Disengaged players&nbsp; on defense are very likely to quit. But disengaged&nbsp;&nbsp; players on offense are, believe it or not, also&nbsp; likely to quit. Game balance and target audience&nbsp;&nbsp; are extremely related. It's not just that the&nbsp; audience has its own feelings about game balance&nbsp;&nbsp; and what frustrations weigh the most to them, but&nbsp; also that different types of game balance attract&nbsp;&nbsp; and repel different types of audiences. and&nbsp; different audiences self- select into different&nbsp;&nbsp; types of games and game balance outcomes. Let's&nbsp; look at three example scales. In the first,&nbsp;&nbsp; developers worked very hard to sand off every&nbsp; frustration they could, regardless of how much fun&nbsp;&nbsp; had to go to achieve that. Even though the weight&nbsp; of the frustration side is light, so is the weight&nbsp;&nbsp; of the fun side of the scale. This can result in&nbsp; even very minor frustrations feeling oversized and&nbsp;&nbsp; make spending time with the game feel not worth it&nbsp; because the fun it delivers is sterile or bland.&nbsp;&nbsp; Players of this game have less reasons to quit,&nbsp; yes, but they also have less reasons to play. In&nbsp;&nbsp; the second scale, developers didn't really care&nbsp; about frustrators. So, this theoretical game has&nbsp;&nbsp; a very high frustration weight, but it also has a&nbsp; very high fun weight. You'll notice that the ratio&nbsp;&nbsp; of the scale is similar to the first, but the&nbsp; actual weight of each side matters a great deal.&nbsp;&nbsp; While the audience may be smaller in this type of&nbsp; game, the immense weight of the fun side of the&nbsp;&nbsp; scale is going to have the players who can deal&nbsp; with the high level of frustration calling this&nbsp;&nbsp; a favorite game. Some players call these kinds of&nbsp; games kusog, Japanese slang for shitty game. They&nbsp;&nbsp; say it lovingly and disparagingly all at once.&nbsp; It's fascinating. In the final scale, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; probably the ideal goal for developers for most&nbsp; projects, frustrations were addressed carefully in&nbsp;&nbsp; ways that while inevitably did lower the weight of&nbsp; the fun side a bit, didn't overdo it. This scale&nbsp;&nbsp; is indeed the healthiest of the three examples, as&nbsp; the weight of the fun is still high and it vastly&nbsp;&nbsp; outweighs the frustration side. That's why it's&nbsp; so important to know your audience. None of these&nbsp;&nbsp; three results are wrong or bad. They just serve&nbsp; different people. As you tune your competitive&nbsp;&nbsp; game, you need to keep your target audience in&nbsp; mind. I highly suggest using Quantic Foundaries&nbsp;&nbsp; data on player motivation to help segment&nbsp; your audience into buckets you can more easily&nbsp;&nbsp; understand. There will be people outside of your&nbsp; target audience who will try your game, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; majority of these people are unretainable. In this&nbsp; example, our core audience member on the left is&nbsp;&nbsp; happy, but our player from outside the core group&nbsp; on the right is having less fun because this isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; their usual kind of game, and their unfamiliarity&nbsp; adds even more frustration. If the weight of their&nbsp;&nbsp; frustration is so high that reducing some of it&nbsp; still leaves their frustration outweighing their&nbsp;&nbsp; fun, the game just isn't for them. But if you&nbsp; insist on trying to reduce the weight of their&nbsp;&nbsp; frustration, you may be cutting away at the fun&nbsp; of your core audience, which could also result&nbsp;&nbsp; in some of their frustration suddenly outweighing&nbsp; their fun. In this example, we made changes that&nbsp;&nbsp; made the game less frustrating for people outside&nbsp; the core audience by changing things in the game&nbsp;&nbsp; that were not frustrating at all to the core&nbsp; users. The result of that was a loss of fun&nbsp;&nbsp; for the core players. We failed to make enough of&nbsp; a dent to retain people outside the core group,&nbsp;&nbsp; and now we've put a portion of our core audience&nbsp; at risk of quitting, too. Not every edge needs&nbsp;&nbsp; softening. If you're lucky enough to make a game&nbsp; that lasts for quite a long time, you may also&nbsp;&nbsp; encounter players who, despite loving your game&nbsp; and thinking that it's relatively well tuned,&nbsp;&nbsp; are becoming bored from repetition. At this time,&nbsp; you'll have to weigh the reward of doing some kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of tuning shakeup to get people re-engaged.&nbsp; against the risk of that action frustrating&nbsp;&nbsp; a vocal and influential part of your community.&nbsp; The Street Fighter 6 community is going through&nbsp;&nbsp; this right now as of filming in early 2026. Many&nbsp; in the community feel the game is well tuned,&nbsp;&nbsp; but still want a big shakeup anyway because&nbsp; they are becoming bored. Matches are lacking in&nbsp;&nbsp; surprise or discovery, and the feeling of I've&nbsp; seen it all is hurting their experience. And&nbsp;&nbsp; finally, we get back to play pattern optimization.&nbsp; Optimization is the enemy. I'm not talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; software performance here. I'm talking about&nbsp; players optimizing their gameplay choices to&nbsp;&nbsp; minimize risk and maximize reward. Optimal combos,&nbsp; option selects, unreachable map positioning,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. You need to make a game where the right&nbsp; answers are much more obscured, or better yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; much more plentiful. You want a game where&nbsp; surprise and discovery can continue for as&nbsp;&nbsp; long as possible post launch. For instance,&nbsp; Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3's fast-paced,&nbsp;&nbsp; neutral, and rapid decision-making is one of the&nbsp; best parts of the game, and has lots of surprises&nbsp;&nbsp; and memorable moments, even 15 years later. But&nbsp; when I land a hit with virtually any attack,&nbsp;&nbsp; it becomes very clear what I should do. I should&nbsp; perform my very long combo with little to no&nbsp;&nbsp; reason for variation and kill your character. This&nbsp; optimal play gives me maximum reward with minimum&nbsp;&nbsp; decision-making, so long as I can execute, and&nbsp; takes up a large portion of the time spent playing&nbsp;&nbsp; during any match. During the combo, a skilled&nbsp; attacker is only engaged at the start as they&nbsp;&nbsp; try to stabilize the opponent and decide if they&nbsp; need to burn Xactor or any meter. The defender&nbsp;&nbsp; should try to engage the entire time, no matter&nbsp; how long the combo, in case the combo drops on&nbsp;&nbsp; accident or a reset is attempted. But focusing for&nbsp; that long without meaningful decisions to make is&nbsp;&nbsp; exhausting, and it also results in disengagement&nbsp; and frustration. Street Fighter 6 steps it up&nbsp;&nbsp; by obscuring optimal combos quite a bit better&nbsp; than Marvel vs. Capcom 3. When you score a hit,&nbsp;&nbsp; the starter you used can matter a lot more. You&nbsp; need to look at screen position, your drive meter,&nbsp;&nbsp; your opponent's drive meter, your health,&nbsp; your opponent's health, what round it is,&nbsp;&nbsp; your own super meter conditions to make sure you&nbsp; can decide how to best optimize what combo to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; how much resources to spend. This game is much&nbsp; harder to optimize, but ultimately it can be&nbsp;&nbsp; done. Top level play in Street Fighter 6 after a&nbsp; while has virtually every player using the same&nbsp;&nbsp; combos in similar situations once those players&nbsp; are fluent enough in the game to know the optimal&nbsp;&nbsp; answer in each situation. Though you do see some&nbsp; player expression variation with some high-risk&nbsp;&nbsp; players spending more drive meter to burn&nbsp; themselves out on purpose more frequently, while&nbsp;&nbsp; others are more conservative with their gauge&nbsp; if the combo isn't going to kill or checkmate.&nbsp;&nbsp; Street Fighter 6 makes the right answers more&nbsp; plentiful, more diverse in riskreward values,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they take longer for players to optimize&nbsp; because there are so many variables. Ideally,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to make a game where instead of the right&nbsp; answers being difficult but ultimately possible to&nbsp;&nbsp; optimize, players are presented with a variety&nbsp; of correct answers, each representing their&nbsp;&nbsp; own riskreward values. So, instead of a community&nbsp; working together to solve the game like a puzzle,&nbsp;&nbsp; after which conformity of play style begins to&nbsp; occur, players will instead focus on making the&nbsp;&nbsp; choices that best fit their own personalities.&nbsp; Player expression breeds variety. Imagine a series&nbsp;&nbsp; of possible combos all starting from the same hit&nbsp; confirm. Each does more damage than the last, but&nbsp;&nbsp; is also harder to execute than the last. This may&nbsp; seem like a proper setup for risk and reward. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it isn't a bad way to start, but at top levels of&nbsp; play where execution starts to become irrelevant,&nbsp;&nbsp; what you'll get is a push towards optimization&nbsp; and conformity instead of expression and variety.&nbsp;&nbsp; Trying to create a system in which different&nbsp; combo routes give expressly different outcomes&nbsp;&nbsp; and have their own advantages and disadvantages&nbsp; beyond executional requirements will ensure that&nbsp;&nbsp; players can play their own way. Variety isn't&nbsp; just in character or weapon selection. It's also&nbsp;&nbsp; found within the play styles of the people who&nbsp; use the same characters or weapons if your game&nbsp;&nbsp; is harmonizing correctly. Harmony is not about&nbsp; making it hard for players to find the right&nbsp;&nbsp; answer. It's about giving them many right answers&nbsp; and letting each player lean towards their own&nbsp;&nbsp; favorites. In game design, all things should&nbsp; be done with intent. If someone asks me why I&nbsp;&nbsp; made a recent design decision and my answer is,&nbsp; I don't know, then I messed up. I may be forced&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a suboptimal decision from time to time&nbsp; due to various circumstances beyond my control,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I should still be able to clearly express why&nbsp; the decision was made. And you need to work very&nbsp;&nbsp; hard to make sure your players know that you&nbsp; move with intent. This means your patch notes&nbsp;&nbsp; need to communicate both what you're doing and&nbsp; why you're doing it. You need clear, detailed,&nbsp;&nbsp; thorough notes or videos that include reasons why&nbsp; your team chose these changes. Even if players&nbsp;&nbsp; disagree with your reasoning, they should be&nbsp; able to see clear intent. If they can see intent,&nbsp;&nbsp; trust will build and it will often keep them from&nbsp; labeling you as someone blindly throwing darts to&nbsp;&nbsp; choose balance adjustments. I originally wrote&nbsp; a version of this talk that you're watching now&nbsp;&nbsp; back in 2019. And in the time between then and&nbsp; now, I'm very happy to report that developers&nbsp;&nbsp; across all the games that I play and watch have&nbsp; improved drastically in the area of patch notes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep it up. Thank you. As you tune, you will&nbsp; make mistakes. However, a community that has&nbsp;&nbsp; trust and confidence in you will tolerate those&nbsp; mistakes with lower levels of frustration and will&nbsp;&nbsp; generally perceive the state of the game's balance&nbsp; more favorably. Because after all, game balance is&nbsp;&nbsp; mostly just vibes. vibes that you have a heavy&nbsp; hand in establishing and influencing. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; the process is not hear about the problem followed&nbsp; by fix the problem. Process needs to be hear about&nbsp;&nbsp; the problem. Investigate and decide if you even&nbsp; agree it's a real problem. Use everything you've&nbsp;&nbsp; learned to find a solution to the problem that&nbsp; weighs all of the other problems that need solving&nbsp;&nbsp; and how that solve might hurt or destabilize&nbsp; other parts of the game and the audience. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; communicate with your players. So, to wrap this&nbsp; up, I believe a balanced roster isn't one where&nbsp;&nbsp; every character has an equal shot at winning,&nbsp; but it's one where there's a little something for&nbsp;&nbsp; every type of player within your core audience.&nbsp; I once heard a player ask why developers couldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; just balance a game before it came out. And as&nbsp; I hope you understand by now, that would be an&nbsp;&nbsp; impossible task because the audience, who will&nbsp; eventually decide what balance even means to them,&nbsp;&nbsp; haven't even touched a game yet. Tuning for&nbsp; harmony is my personal method of game tuning.&nbsp;&nbsp; served me well across KI and Rumbleverse. And I&nbsp; hope you learned a lot about the goals and hazards&nbsp;&nbsp; of game tuning from this talk. If you're in charge&nbsp; of tuning a competitive game, you should do what&nbsp;&nbsp; works for you and your community. If you really&nbsp; believe in tuning for flatness or whatever method&nbsp;&nbsp; you use and it's working for your team and you're&nbsp; achieving your goals, that's rad. Keep doing that.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to try some or all of my methods,&nbsp; that's cool, too. I'll make myself available for&nbsp;&nbsp; consulting with folks in the industry who do this&nbsp; kind of work. If people want that, just hit me up&nbsp;&nbsp; on Blue Sky or wherever and we can work something&nbsp; out. Whatever your personal takeaways are,&nbsp;&nbsp; remember that game balance isn't real. It's not&nbsp; a hard objective thing that we can measure and&nbsp;&nbsp; take scientific actions to fix. In reality, it's&nbsp; just a person's fully subjective perception. And&nbsp;&nbsp; not only that, our views can change on it even&nbsp; by the day and even when the game itself hasn't&nbsp;&nbsp; been adjusted at all. Instead of fixating so&nbsp; strongly on something so impossible to pin down,&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe designers should focus on much&nbsp; more important things when tuning a game.&nbsp;&nbsp; Those things are communicating clearly with&nbsp; your audience, minimizing their frustrations&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly and thoughtfully, and keeping them engaged&nbsp; with lots of interesting decisions to make, and&nbsp;&nbsp; surprising them with cool new interactions each&nbsp; time they play. And most of all, as a dev tuning&nbsp;&nbsp; a game or a player reacting to patch notes, don't&nbsp; panic. If you made it to the end of the video,&nbsp;&nbsp; I hope this gets your brain flowing and makes&nbsp; discourse around game tuning a little stronger&nbsp;&nbsp; overall. And maybe as a bonus, uh, it encourages&nbsp; gamers to give the devs who do game tuning a&nbsp;&nbsp; little more grace. I have a lot more to say on&nbsp; this topic, so condensing it down into this still&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty long video is quite the challenge. If you&nbsp; have follow-up questions or want to chat sometime,&nbsp;&nbsp; just drop a comment and uh, I'll I'll try to&nbsp; check it out. I want to thank DoubleA for his&nbsp;&nbsp; hard work helping me write, execute, and edit this&nbsp; video that I've wanted to make for so long. I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; also like to thank Noah Sasso, Ultra David, and&nbsp; Filament, Mean Salty, and Ski Sonic for their help&nbsp;&nbsp; editing the script. The intent of this new Game&nbsp; Design Direct channel is to deliver more developer&nbsp;&nbsp; talk straight to you. So, if you're interested&nbsp; in that, go ahead, click like and subscribe and&nbsp;&nbsp; all that stuff that you usually do on YouTube.&nbsp; If you're a game designer interested in giving&nbsp;&nbsp; a talk in this format on this channel, contact&nbsp; me and we can discuss it. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenChandler-xo4fm [311 likes]: This should be required watching for anyone who plays fighting games.
  2. @GoodNormals [1 likes]: Keits used to destroy me in Tatsunoko vs Capcom
  3. @MattyDates. [1 likes]: The fun vs frustration scale concept is spot on. Now if only I could get my gamer friends to enjoy fighting games more without getting too frustrated from losing.
  4. @millamillion9027 [1 likes]: Overwatch head here. Great video! Very validating and informative!
  5. @Riku_michael [1 likes]: Fgc loves cheap unfair stuff to get easy wins they won't admit it but it's almost part of the community
  6. @MasterChef306 [1 likes]: There's so many fun anecdotes about how winrates don't tell the whole story, all across gaming.

In League, among other games in general, characters have been nerfed only to see their winrates *increase*, as players who'd only played them for perceived "overpowered" tools left to greener pastures while more dedicated and skilled players were left with their mains, still able to use them effectively.

In Overwatch, Ana was thought to be useless on release, and buffed repeatedly for *months*. Then, players discovered that if they played the whole game differently - organizing deathball strategies and even transitioning from 2 DPS, 2 Tank, 2 Support to 3 Tank, 3 Support team compositions - Ana was suddenly not only strong but downright overpowered. Eventually she had to be nerfed well below her power level on launch in order to prevent her from becoming a must-pick character in every game.

In Dota, some characters like Viper frequently have very high winrates, well in excess of 50% at top-tier play. However, that's not because the character is overpowered, but rather because Viper can hard-counter certain other characters due to some of his specific tools. Viper is a punish pick - he has a high winrate because even the act of choosing viper is performed as counterplay to an opponent's mistakes during the draft phase before players even load into the game.

Also in Dota is the Divine Rapier, an item with a 90% winrate. This is because the item is wildly overpowered - but on death, you drop the rapier, allowing the enemies to pick it up and use it against you. It wins 90% of games because the majority of the time, the team that wins the game has wiped the other team first, picking up the rapier if the wiped team had one.
  7. @AlexiDragomir: For a great example of a development team losing their players' trust, check out the game Foxhole by Siege Camp.
  8. @quinn636: As a game developer and lead designer with over 25 years industry experience (and part of the design team for KI2 ha) I found this a really good watch and very well presented and explained points around balance and tuning, there's a GDC talk in this! Just sayin
  9. @AzazelTheMisanthrope: So so so much of this applies to the Helldivers 2 community.
  10. @speedrobo99: Hi there. This is the CEO of Speedrobo Games. I agree with a lot in this video and I've also LEARNED a lot. I've been in the industry for nearly 15 years and I cannot thank you enough for teaching me new things.
  11. @sneeze4100: I'm a bit of an essay snob (translation: I hate almost all of them) so without realizing this was Keits, I ignored it in my recommendations for a while. Turns out that was a mistake, I love everything you've ever worked on and think you're on the right path.
Also of note, every month that passes, I realize I miss rumbleverse even more than I thought possible. I know you miss it too, and it is my hope beyond hopes that it can come back some day, because literally nothing fills the void. There's a clip of my little sumo guy on the barge with you guys during one of "stream snipe" streams you and Keenan did that I really like looking back on, I'll @ you on bsky with it sometime soon.
  12. @GoodNormals: A few years ago I asked in a discord if I could join a “high level”Soul Calibur 6 lobby in preparation for Combo Breaker (maybe it was Frosty Faustings). They asked my rank, and when I said I didn’t play ranked or really play online much, they didn’t let me in the lobby.

I outplaced all of them and got 9th at the event. 12:59
  13. @zatharista: Man, the patchnotes subject... I really hope we can get to a good place with that someday. I know so many devs hate doing those because they take a long time to write or they feel people dont read them, but they're absolutely necessary.


Of course the opposite problem can always happen. Devs don't document things, take bad notes, dont include important changes in the notes, or just straight up lie about things. There are so many games where very important information is not communicated effectively anywhere in the game itself, so the only sources for said information is fan forums or wikis, which rely heavily on dev notes or resorting to datamining and hours and hours of experimentation.


Its a bad look either way, but try and be as thorough and descriptive with your notes as possible and clearly explain your intent with each change, as much as is reasonably possible. And most importantly PLEASE DON'T LIE. Sorting through all the changes is hard enough without having to confirm the validity of something, and it makes players lose trust in you!
  14. @Ferisarts: hey this video rules, ty for making it. Also, not that it's necessary, but examples of this stuff exist in PVE games and are also very amusing or relevant in the data side of things. One of the common cases in WoW specifically is people gravitating to "good" class/spec combos in any particular patch, which means that the class/spec is overrepresented in the data and its highest parsing data points are inflated by all the "good" players playing it, while a weaker class/spec that is underrepresented appears to perform worse than it actually is purely b/c "good" players avoid it. (not to mention that performance is dependent on particular encounters so it's very hard to have a "true" visualizer for general performance)

ARPGs are also full of this, POE especially. If you look at % of players playing a particular ascendancy (class/spec, effectively) in a given league b/c of content creators declaring their starter characters with guides included, I feel like you'd think that all other classes are terrible while it's mostly that people just play the easy to follow guided experience rather than engage with discovery and possibility of horrible failure. It's very easy as a player to feel like that ascendancy is broken when in reality you could probably achieve okay outcomes with something else.

OH also also: in our wonderful world of influencer media, player psyop campaigns are straight up real sometimes, which is... well, probably bad lol.
  15. @RocketSlug: I like Jaime Griesemer's GDC talk on balancing Halo's sniper rifle. That one is a classic GDC talk for me. There's also the great post from a Legends of Runeterra dev on how to give balance feedback and likened it to describing your symptoms to a doctor, rather than directly telling them what medicine you want prescribed. Mark Rosewater, lead designer of Magic: The Gathering, has a similar statement of "Players a great at finding problems, but terrible at finding solutions." All topics and concepts I hope get touched on
  16. @Riku_michael: Regardless I'ma subcribe,the video itself is worth it
  17. @MrTekhnical: Any chance you'll make a video about coding and what you guys do for motion inputs.
  18. @sweetshoez: Not the entire point of the vid but: finally, a person willing to talk about how combos are lowkey a problem as they are often implemented. I really, truly believe long combos without active defense (I'm talking melee style DI) is questionable game design at best. Some people may really like it but I think everyone who is not that type of person has a strong negative reaction to it. It may not ruin a game but you see casual, non-FGC memes for example on how long the DBFZ combos were.

I think in game making 101 it should be established that in a 60 or 90 second round it's ridiculous to not have meaningful input for 20-30 straight seconds and if there is a decision point it's pretty shallow (back or down back before getting shown a cut scene)
  19. @XmortoxX1990: Totally agree. Just focus on makig the game fun to play with whatever we want, and only nefer what is realy necesary.
  20. @fenimore-2854: Influencers killed hunter x hunter nen impact so i appreciate you calling that out

- How to Practice Art Without Burnout: Kind: captions Language: en So, have you ever had trouble in your art practice where you get stuck, you can't level up, or you can't do what you want to do? I'd love to talk to you about how to level up your skill set, how to get that dream of being a terrific artist in motion, in momentum, and without resistance. And I'm going to talk to Stan about that. We're going to figure out a way to help you through this resistance point. So, have you thought about all the things that hold newer students back from improving faster? >> Often times, something like art, you only come to because you're passionate about it. You get curious and you in some way or another realize what's there and what that can potentially mean for you. I can create something beautiful and hang it on the wall, give it to my loved ones, or make a living out of it. And that fascination with the form and what it can mean to you puts a lot of pressure. We think about it so much. We dream about it so much. We want to be good and we forget to give ourselves permission to be bad. So if you think of the little child, they don't care if they fall down while they're walking. They'll just get up and keep walking. And they have this natural tenacity because they don't know it's embarrassing to be bad. And yet we build all these things on top of our dreams. Say learning to draw the figure. And if we do it badly, we've been trained to punish that. We get a bad grade in school if we do it badly. You didn't get that answer right. And so our own biology, our own experience sets us up to fail because we're not giving ourselves permission to be bad until we're not bad anymore. And I saw that in school when I went to uh college, art college so many years ago is people who were doing really well getting scholarships, you know, getting their tuition paid, getting in the galleries. They were afraid to do anything that wouldn't get them in the galleries. It wouldn't give them a good grade. and their own drive and in some ways even their own success at being really masterful or terrific in one area limited them from the ability to be bad in another area. And if you're going to learn at all, if you're going to become more at all in anything, you've got to realize there's going to be a real awkward phase. It doesn't last a a super long time, but there's an awkward phase between not being good and being solid. And then there's there's difficulties from solid to fantastic. But that early resistance from not being able to even get your fingers on the string of the guitar to be able to play a couple songs pretty well. There there's a big leap from absolute not knowing the language to have some fluency in the language. It's hard. It's its own language. So I think that's the biggest problem. If we can learn to be kinder stewards of our own dreams in some sense, kinder parents to that little child that wants to be a an artist someday, the growth is less there's less resistance cuz the expectations are lowered. >> So allow yourself to be bad. Are there any others? >> Well, a couple things. one is, and in some ways it's connected to what I just said, but when we want to be good at something, we want to get the whole figure, the whole composition, all the colors. We want to get all of this stuff right. And if you're going to be masterful in any craft, there's several moving parts, several separate skills. It's not a skill to be an artist. It's a stack of skills. It's a skill stack. You got linear perspective, laws of light, color theory, cannons of beauty, depth of field, edges and structure and gesture, all this stuff. Each one you could spend a lifetime trying to master. And we got to do a bunch of them, especially in figurative drawing where it's so skill set heavy. So if we can chunk down, if we try and do it all at once because we want to get it right, we're going to fail. And then as I just said earlier, if we don't give oursel permission to fail, there's almost no hope that we'll continue in that and g get any real traction in that. So one is be kinder yourself, but the other is to chunk down so that if I want to learn to draw the figure, there's a lot of things to do. So start with one or two of those things. I'm not going to try and draw the beautiful shapes of the arm. I'm going to draw a simple tube. I'm not going to get try and get the beautiful tonal landscape of the body. I'm going to use simple line. And you can start by creating little vignettes. Just take a small version of that bigger problem. So if we have our goals and we're careful in protecting the journey, the goals are more likely to happen. Reduce the frustration by lowering your expectation. reduce this frustration by taking a little but significant piece of the problem and solving that first and then stacking little success, little win on little win and then all of a sudden you're getting successes. I think a big problem is that some people might start that process. Logically, it makes sense. Every day, add a little bit more, make it a little more challenging, but then 2 weeks later they forgot about the goal, this plan that they created for themselves to add a little bit every day, and then it just goes away. Some other problem became more important in their life. Anything on that? >> Couple things on that one. If you're setting yourself up for those little wins, as we've just discussed, then your own biology is going to reward you. You're going to feel good. If I say, "I'm going to go work out for an hour and a half and I only work out for 45 minutes," I'll feel like a failure. But if I say, "I'm going to go for just a couple minutes, but not look at the watch, and when I look at it at 6 minutes, I just 3x my goal." Our biology doesn't know the difference between that little tiny success and some big success. Our brain in a lot of ways is very stupid. The stress we feel because we don't do a good drawing, that little tiny death of self-confidence, the old brain doesn't know the difference between that little self death of of confidence and a saber-tooth tiger about to kill you. Stress is stress. Danger is danger. And then it's going to try and talk you out of it. It's going to create resistance. you're going to get those scripts. You're not good enough. You can't do this thing. So, one, if you can set yourself up for most the time, we can't do it every time, but most of the time when you sit down to do your art or work on your goal, you set yourself up to leave after you've won and set yourself up in that practice to have a better chance of winning. It can be just like the proportions and the structure is horrible on this drawing. But boy, that one line, beautiful line. The color was really joyous. Find one way to reward yourself and lower your expectations. Then you're more likely to want to come back because your biology says do that. You're safer doing that than these other stressful things. So that that's part of it is starting from from that metric. In this course, I'm going to teach you how to keep those drawing skills that are so often complicated and overwhelming, simple, and intuitive. I'd love to show you how you can become an excellent figurative artist by understanding only three basic craft skills. Thank you for that. So, the other thing is we're primarily visual beings, which is kind of convenient for craftsmen and painters and such. And because we're visual, if we visualize, we have a better chance to do it. So, you can do things like journal, write down your goals, or what I'll do is I'll do little postits or 3x5 cards with tape and put them on my computer screen or get a dry erase board and write down my goals so I see it. Putting my favorite artist of who I want to look like someday. If we can visualize that, put it out in front of us, we have a better chance of being motivated for that. I walk into my the place I'm going to do my art and I see these reminders. And then the other thing is usually when we make goals, it's up here. We think I want to be a commercial artist, professional artist, so I can make a living doing what I love rather than what I hate. And so we have a goal. Usually those goals are actually disguised survival goals. It's just our old biology saying, "This is a better way, a safer way to live. If I can find a way to do my art, I can make money at this. If I can find a way to do better art, my friends or my family will think more of me." They're actually fundamental fear-based goals. If we can make our goals underneath that, get past that, I want to do it because just kind of the brain and the survival and get down really into the heart center. Usually, again, just like seeing a visualization of the goals, we'll be more motivated. So, we start stacking these little motivations. Plato said, if you change your mind, you change reality. I don't want to be this. I want to be this person, her art. I want to be like that. seen that that dream of reality visualized makes it more potentially real for our for our psyche and more likely to succeed. We know this by brain studies. Those who do that just level up like crazy often times and and have much chance better chance of achieving their goal. And then the last way if we can turn in what was selfish. So I want to be a better artist. I want to be good at that. I don't want to feel bad when I'm when I'm making mistakes. If we can then take what was self-based reasons and flip it from internal to external, then it goes from a passion, a hobby, a career, a passion to a purpose. And if we can then start doing it not only for us, but because it makes me feel so good, I want to share this feeling with others. The world is under such stress. I want to put a little more beauty in the world. All of those are motivating stacks to keep us more likely moving forward because all of this moving forward that's evolving. You're turning into something more than you were. That takes a lot of energy. When I decided to become an artist, my dear friends that I'm still friends in in high school had less to talk about me with. They didn't want me to do that. That was going off in a direction they weren't going. When I decided to go from a commercial artist to a fine artist, all my commercial artist friends that I'm still friends with didn't really want me to go into fine art because that was going off in a direction that's separating from them. So there's going to be a lot of internal and social external resistance to our goals. And so we can't have one reason for doing something and expect to succeed. Ideally, we have several stacked reasons. We have a skill stack of skills to learn. We should stack our motivation. So, we've got several things working in our favor to not get rid of but reduce the resistance and increase the momentum. At that point, it's emotional physics. A body at rest tends to stay at rest. A body going in the same direction takes a lot of energy to change direction. The most energy we put into physics or our emotional well-being or our motivation for some goal is going from zero to something. I someday I want to be an artist. I'm going to start today. That takes a tremendous amount of energy to move and it takes some time 3 weeks actually to get the momentum where it starts to become a habit and the resistance reduces. So that three weeks, as you suggested, is a longhaul if we're not doing several things to motivate that. We have an accountability partner. We have a community that supports us because they want to be supported. We set ourselves up for little wins rather than big failures. We have visuals around to remind us of the reality we want to create someday. And we have motivations that are not just for us but for everybody, our three friends or the whole world. All those things stack on top to create a better chance. Still no guarantee, a better chance that you'll stick with what you say you want to stick with. That's the trick. And for creative beings, it's particularly important that we stack these motivations and we create an art practice that is not devoid of stress, but less stressful. Because when we get stressed as human beings, we know what happens. But when we get stressed as creative beings, we're no longer creative. We freeze up. We run away or we fight through the suffering and do it anyway. None of those are creative choices. In fact, those are the same choices a reptile has when it's living through the day. So, if we want to really tap into our own creative genius and upscale our own creative talents, if we can significantly reduce the stress, we're going to increase the creative choices. Now we can make farther a field creative connections around how to get what we want in our goals or how to get what we want in our craft or how to find our own personal voice in our style. Things start to then stack in our favor and then what felt like radically uphill can suddenly actually be downhill and now you're working with that momentum. The more I put into the my art, the more people online or in my class love what I'm doing and learn from what I'm doing, get excited about what I'm doing. And now what I've given, I actually am getting more back in return. Now think of that fortunate circle, that wheel of momentum, as opposed to pushing through the resistance of my own biology. That's like weighing through mud in the surf. It can be done, but it's so hard every step of the way. One of the great powers of our brain is we're natural puzzle solvers and natural meaning makers. And often times we'll solve the problem wrong. We'll build meaning into it that's not there. You give me a funny look right now, I'll build a story around that that might make me feel, "Oh my god, I've offended this nice man." And then I'm going to feel horrible about it. So we tend to kind of make up our reality. we fill in the blanks around it. And so if we can learn to rewrite the script in a healthier way, then some of that goes away. Some of that bad projection of more trouble than it's worth. We build up the resistance in our minds. And that's why it's so important to have a community when you're doing what you want to do, doing that passion, having that great dream for your life. And it it can be hard to find that sometime, but in the online space, we can construct our own communities in some manner or form online or in our hometown. Find people who want what you want. Give them support so they'll give you support so there's reciprocity there. And then the resistance is less because we don't know what we don't know. And often times we don't know when we've projected a bad script on maybe a good situation. Fresh eyes can tell us that. Fresh eyes have perspective. Often times because we have an insecurity about what we care about, we avoid those problem areas. So we get to a certain level that feels good and we don't want to go back and be that beginner that where it was so hard. So give yourself permission, not very much of the time, especially at first because it it'll feel overwhelming. It'll feel exhausting, but take a little tiny bit of your art practice and work on the weaknesses. but chunk it down so it's manageable one little problem at a time. So, I'm having trouble with proportions. Well, maybe I'll work on the proportions just of the three joints of the finger. How much shorter are they one to the other? Find a way to get a train a better eye for proportion in the safest possible way. Something you can work through rather quickly that won't take weeks or months of pain and suffering to achieve. like doing a better multi-igure cal position this time. That's what the best in the world do. They call it the 4% rule, 4% more difficult. If I want to be an Olympic skier, my trainer is going to have me go down that same slope that I'm very good at 4% faster or find a new slope that's 4% bumpier. They've studied this over and over again. 4% is just out of reach, but you know it's so close you'll get it in a practice or two, a session or two, a week or two. That'll become your new baseline. 2% is too easy. 6% is too overwhelming. So, one of the jobs is figure out your 4% of pushing yourself a little to be more, but in a safe way, and then add that as part of your practice, some sliver. And that's often called the 80/20 rule. Maybe 20% of the time, every fifth drawing or maybe the warm-up in the drawing class, I'm going to work on a few challenges. Probably just one challenge. Do that for a while. I'm not so good with feet. 20% of the time, the next two weeks or month, I'm going to work on feet for a few minutes. And maybe at the end of that time, that'll be as good as everything else. Or maybe that'll be the best thing. And then I'll work on the next thing. And you go to those areas that are challenges. and you put a little targeted practice to make those not a weakness but a good solid skill set. And that's how you can slowly bring up a holistic set of skills that'll serve you well in your art practice. I've got a brand new course I've done for Proco. I'm so excited about this. This is a foundational course that fits under all the other wonderful Proco courses. Now, if we understand art at a deeper level, the foundations of art and why art has a certain process that gets us into the heart and allows us to create and develop and share our own personal voice. I'm going to show you how to do that and I'm going to show you some of the worldclass training practices that the best in the world use to become the best of the world. We have amazing information out there on brain science, how we learn, how we tap into creativity, defining creativity, why flow states are so important, how spiritual traditions and art traditions are working with the same connective strategies. Let me give you those foundational ideas that will help propel you through all those craft skills you're so excited to learn. Thank you for letting me share in this journey of yours. And if you'd like to follow me, reach out to me online. I'm at steveh houston.com and if you just plug in Steve Houston on any of the social media sites, you'll find me there and I'd love to connect with you. I wish you the best of luck.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeBoogieman [1 likes]: Summary of the video - pseudo-intellectual yapping + self-promotion
  2. @Jetstuff89: Steve is one of my top art heroes. Truly a legend in skill and attitude.
  3. @shhhrrrrr5052: Give yourself tendency to be bad
  4. @Martiepants: Finding focus is my issue
  5. @itachee08: I find for me if i've done ten weeks of intensive drawing, taking a 2 week break with no drawing helps me refresh
  6. @ilonaxxx20: Hold my beer.  I usually choose a subject that is hard. Better if there are a few of those. Then there is a background and foreground I have never painted, and on a large scale so that it’s even harder because my wall lacks some picture on it. What is that? Like a 100 per cent harder? 😂😂
  7. @lylewyant3356: How do you eat an Elephant?                    One bite at a time.
  8. @henriboteule: I haven't even STARTED drawing yet I already have burnout tips in my recs...
  9. @OfPureOrgasmicEvil: Thank you! I really fucking needed this.
  10. @MetroidTheorist: I watched this video a while back apparently. I have Steve Huston's Figure Drawing for Artists: Making Every Mark Count. Great book! I appreciate Steve's wisdom, too!
  11. @danielpoot5705: so much wisdom
  12. @JesseNickelltheFourth: Amazing! So good!
  13. @king-davidhughton6058: Ive watched this video like 20 times. There's so much incredible wisdom here that I think so many of us need
  14. @sbef: what a master of his craft and of art in general. thank you, these tips were very valuable!
  15. @estiennelemaire4397: Thank you so much! ❤❤❤
  16. @eric_SM_CGI: i was studiyng some figure drawings while listening to you and it made me improve, the friction of failure and bad drawings really made me not improve
  17. @marieloucaccam500: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @paulwalters5943: Bro you got STEVE HUSTON for the channel??? That’s wild.
  19. @johndoe-rq1pu: All the woo-woo instagram catchphrases.
  20. @beetlegeuse1961: I'm in school for art and I can't tell u how many times I've almost given up bc I wasn't where I wanted to be, permission to be bad was very important. Critique can make or break you, permission to be bad was very important to growth bc the pressure will hinder you

- Consensus Algorithms | The Art of System Design: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to our system design Series today we are going to talk about consensus algorithms which are critical components in building reliable distributed systems in a distributed environment where multiple nodes are working together to achieve a common goal it's essential to maintain a consist a consistent State across all nodes but how do we do that when dealing with the challenges like Network latency note failures and um in Cy this is where consensus algorithms come into play so let's try to understand how it works so let's assume that we have a system that contains multiple nodes let's say that we have node one and make it real big let's copy it let's assume that we have um distributed system and we have node one node two node three and node four so in a distribute system we have four nodes here nodes needs to work together together to maintain a consistent State however due to the inherent the inherent challenges of distributed environments such as network issues failures and nodes potentially acting like um um maliciously achieving this consistency isn't straightforward it's pretty tough and consensus algorithm address these challenges by ensuring that all participating nodes can agree on the same state or sequence of events even when some nodes might fail or behave incorrectly so let's assume that imagine a situation with a group of servers as you can see right now here when a group of servers as you can see right now here must agree on the value of a variable like the balance in a bank account or the leader of a cluster uh consensus algorithm ensures that despite failures or communication issue issues all nodes in the system agrees on this value keeping the system consistent and fter okay there are two popular algorithms um I will go with spus uh first and after that maybe we can talk about another one so on how does this work how the how all of these nodes will agree on uh something so um let's talk about the PEX algorithm aexo is one of the most famous consensus algorithms created by I guess something called leastly Lampard P to worked by electing a leader that process a value which is then accepted by a majority of nodes in the system so first the first thing is leader election like a leader is elected among the nodes and this leader is responsible for uh proposing values or we can say it's coordinator let's assume that we have note one is the leader the second thing we have a proposal phase the leader propos a value that is uh that it thinks should be agreed on like um a new bank account or something like that a new account value or um a new information about specific State about one of the nodes some something like that so when I try to propose it f first thing we have the acceptance phase like the it will connect with the nodes and then we will have some sort of acceptance uh phase because the other nodes called um um called um acceptors vote on the proposed values and after that we have a majority agreement like if the majority of the nodes accept the proposal it becomes a choosen the choosing values uh p exos is known for being um thetically sound but it's also quite complex to implement in a real world system it maintains it maintain strength it's um um it it's its main strength is its ability to achieve consensus even in the face of failures however due to in its complexity pixels can be challenging to understand uh to understand and maintain the other thing we have what we call a raft algorithm and in the r algorithm um is another contest algorithm created as um as alternative to paxos ref aims to be more understandable while still providing the same guarantees it works by Design uh like U designating one nodes as a leader which is responsible for maintaining log replication and ensuring consistency across the the the the cluster so let's go again we have a leader election um one of the nodes is elected to be the leader as the leader is responsible for maintaining log entries and coordinating the cluster you can refer to it as a coordinator we have log replication so the leader receives updates like log entries from clients and replicates them to follower nodes after that we have a commit phase like once a majority of nodes confirm that they um have received the log entry the leader commits it um ensuring that um the entire cluster is in sync um so yeah the raft is designed to be simpler to understand and Implement compared to the beos um it breaks down the consensus problem into smaller sub problems making it easier to uh re reason about and uh and use it use in distribute systems um okay so let's us let's try to understand the questions or answer the question about why consensus algorithm is important the consistent algorithms are important essentially for maintaining a consistent state in the distributed system I don't know if this is helped just by type every the first uh the first uh character of I see but let's assume that it's really important in distribute system like clusters service or replicated State machines consistent algorithms ensure that all nodes agree on critical State information even if some nodes fail this consistency is what allows distribute systems to be reliable and falter like without consensus algorithms nodes and distributed systems could end up with conflicting views of the system State leading to data inconsistency errors and potentially data loss these algorithms are foundational for services that needs to maintain High availability and while ensuring again as well data Integrity so um yeah that was a quick introduction to a consensus algorithm if you like this video make sure to subscribe and hit notification Bell so you'll never miss any video and see you guys in future problems

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- Can You Avoid Creator Burnout by Working The Algorithm?: Kind: captions Language: en this is all i ever wanted and why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am i so unhappy is it it doesn't make any sense you know what i mean because like this is literally my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dream and i'm so unhappy welcome to creator news 2 filters investigative news show where each week we delve into a topic that affects you the creator creator news is brought to you by patreon the platform that gets creators paid this week on creator news we're talking about upload frequency oh man this is uh what up we're on episode three i feel like we've been doing this for months huh yeah well we're in it now at any given moment we're working on four different episodes of creator news in fact right now as we're shooting this our third episode we haven't even launched our first one yet we have no idea if this thing is gonna work we've barely started and maybe this is just my natural state i'm feeling a lot of pressure when patreon first approached us to do creator news the idea was to do a daily news show serving the creator community we were very excited about this because this is something that we always wanted to do but just could never get started and that's because as we've learned from covering online video on tube filter for the past 13 years making videos is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard turns out we were right about that we looked at it this way we could do something easy like read straight from the tube filter daily top stories newsletter or we could try to create something better that would hopefully have a positive impact on the community we serve dang when you put it that way pressure's on i agree the pressure is on so we decided to make creator news a weekly show not just because that would be more manageable but that would also give us more time into researching and creating each episode but was a weekly show of the right choice how often should creators be putting out new videos i'm drew and i'm josh and this is creator news creator news the platonic ideal of a youtuber used to be someone who posted every single day it was seen as both the easiest and hardest path to massive viewership massive subscriber growth and overall success on the platform the logic was simple more videos equals more views and more views equals more revenue this equation held true for multiple generations of youtubers starting with creators like ijustine shay carl and grace helbig casey neistat roman atwood and logan paul who all grew huge numbers from daily vlogging and the daily grind has obviously proven to pay off as that's jake paul it's every day bro with the disney channel flow 5 mil on youtube in 6 months never done before clearly daily posting is effective but is it absolutely necessary for success we needed some expert advice do we ask matt gielen he's a two filter contributor and founder of little monster media co what we recommend is a minimum of one a week up to three videos a week and you want to make sure that those uploads are spaced 48 hours apart that's helped companies like netflix cbs and nbc creators like good mythical morning and ryan's toy review build their audiences on youtube once you get to three uploads a week we recommend not increasing your upload frequency until you can regularly do seven uploads a week and then once you're at seven it's just a game of how quickly can you scale up that video output at a certain point however it seems like even the most successful daily vloggers eventually dial down their upload pace and although each creator may give a different reason the data all seems to tell the same story it's creators realizing that it's really really really hard to make a 10 minute video every day that is entertaining and satisfying to people probably more a reflection of the fact that for audiences the novelty has worn off they're not going to be able to produce high quality content their audience therefore isn't going to be as interested in it therefore the audience isn't going to click on it as much therefore the youtube algorithm isn't going to serve it up to them as much and it's this kind of steady or rapid decline in their views by trying to post too much exactly but declining video performance is not the only reason why creators may be slowing their role i think today is my 534th day in a row where i've uploaded a video and i've uploaded like 550 videos or something like that in those 530-something days like that's crazy it is crazy producing daily videos that average 2 million views each is super human and it's not sustainable for one person creators have a name for it it's called burnout burnout occurs when the reward we get for what we do isn't at least commensurate with the effort we put in this is katie morton a licensed marriage and family therapist who has spent the last nine years on youtube advising creators on the issues of mental health so that effort starts going up as content creators we know how much effort goes into just one video and let's say views which we don't always have full control over start to go down if that's your reward the effort doesn't change and over time that leads to burnout youtube has taken proactive steps to address the issues of creator burnout i have to give youtube some kudos they took a lot of time listening to me and my husband talking about what we've heard that was going on what i was experiencing personally and the struggle to keep up feeling like you're on a treadmill and they were telling us that it's more about the click-through rate and the watch time so if you don't upload for a month it's not as big of a deal as long as when you do people are excited about it you've seen it prove positive like elle mills doesn't release at the regularity that she used to she kind of just releases when when she feels creatively driven and excited about a project if we just look at different creators who aren't releasing on an everyday or weekly basis you see that there there is success and that you can actually do well on the platform some experts warn that amidst the fierce competition of online video not capitalizing on any traction you may have garnered is a cardinal sin youtube has said like yo creators you can take a break it's cool should creators believe them that is the dumbest advice i've ever heard in my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life it makes no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sense what they need to say is the internet is always on and people are always watching if you want to stay relevant to people you have to release regular content so yeah go take a two-week vacation but do two videos in advance quick counterpoint if their audience is engaged they could take a two-week break and come back sure sure go for it no yeah drop out of top of mind stop putting it up what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do i know you know i've only helped generate 40 billion [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] additional video views for our clients which is an under [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] estimate give me a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] break it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] job right oh you're tired of it oh you don't have any ideas [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you get to the back of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] line because there's 50 million other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that are gonna entertain your audience waiting well that is a terrifying truth i can see why creators are afraid to slow down in a world governed by algorithms and audience whims where some videos pop and others fizzle upload pace is the one thing you can control and i can see how it's tempting to just get something out there even if it's not your best work just to stay relevant i want to take this week off i want to take this week no vlogging hope you don't forget about me nevertheless there are creators that have figured out a way to get off the hamster wheel my name is benson i started as an editor but i am now the in-house producer and assistant director for wongfu productions so in terms of output we generally try to release things at least like once a month which in the youtube world is very infrequent but we also do the more like talk show type content that we release uh like once a week the show that we release every week is a show called lunch break it's a template that we can follow that we know we can break it down into you know how many days it takes to edit we know it takes a certain amount of time to shoot so having that that template helps with that longevity of that show david dobrik decided to decelerate his vlog schedule his youtube views per video went from 5.5 million to almost 17 million and mark robert consistently gets over 10 million views per video and he only uploads like a dozen times per year his videos are like special events that his fans tune into this has to do with audience loyalty the larger the percentage of your videos that your audience watches the more likely they are to be served each one of your next videos because youtube knows when they serve it to them they click on it and they watch it if that keeps happening then you're satisfying that user this is where quality over quantity is coming into play on youtube so in the same way we look at our content we look at our audience we would much rather have a subscriber that sticks around for years than a scriber that joins for maybe one video and then unsubscribes on the next so we we are focused on that quality of the follower as well so even if posting with less frequency is bad for viewership it actually can be better for business creator news when david dobrik decreased his vlog output his total number of youtube views went down but his views per video went up that works for him david doesn't monetize his youtube videos through youtube adsense he does brand deals so the more views he gets on his latest videos the more money he can charge those brands and as creators decrease their dependency on ad revenue that gives them time to focus on bigger projects or as they say pursue creative opportunities the number one thing that i recommend everyone do is diversify meaning you don't want your money to come from just one place if you're waiting on adsense i can tell you as someone who has what is called quote unquote sensitive content not everything is monetizable we see how volatile the youtube space is you know you can be a 10 million subscriber youtuber and make one bad tweet and you know you can see how that that can go drastically wrong if you're you're only invested into one platform so so being able to kind of spread out has been really helpful so where does that leave us let's ask katie so if someone is doing this as their job they're just starting out their audience necessarily isn't as large i was asking for a friend what do you recommend that they do in terms of kind of like upload consistency and also to feel that they can really sustain this everyone's going to have a different logic behind why they do what they do they're going to tell you once a week is the minimum or they're going to tell you twice a week is the minimum i have friends that upload and release on all sorts of different schedules and it works for them as long as you still feel rewarded for it and you're creatively driven it's exciting you like putting things together i think as long as you feel that and you still feel rewarded for it but if it gets in the way or impedes your ability to take care of yourself then we have some concerns well she is just an absolute angel katie's great but to summarize youtubing is hard you need to post consistently on a schedule only superhumans can vlog daily and be sure to check yourself before you wreck yourself no so barring any personal breakdown or crises we will see you next week creator news this show wouldn't be possible without the support of patreon patreon thank you thank you patreon helps you generate recurring income from your creative work by offering exclusive content and community to your fans it's a great way to set yourself up for long-term success and reward your most loyal fans along the way so check out patreon.com creator news and start changing the way your creativity is valued what issues do you want us to dive into next put it in the comments and if you like this video like this video subscribe if you haven't already ring the bell and please share with your fellow creators and online video pros this is creator news and we will see you next week creator news [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AntonWongVideo [7 likes]: If there's ever a "Wolf of Wall Street" movie of the digital creator world, Matt Gielen will definitely inspire a character! He's quite the character!
  2. @LittleMonsterMediaCo [6 likes]: Thanks for having us on Josh & Drew. We promise Matt's not that angry generally, just a hot button issue for him :)
  3. @AshleyChaney [4 likes]: 05:51 GO OFF MATT! 🤣🤣 ahaha
  4. @bensonq [3 likes]: Great conversations and super important!
  5. @Spreadshop [2 likes]: Wow! Matt Gielen at Little Monster drops the hard 🔥 truth there! 😂 Grown up real talk. It IS a job. When we see people complain that their merch sales have dropped, then see they haven't put out a new design, or even barely mention their merch, what did they think would happen?!? Those shirts aren't going to sell themselves. Side note... Remember when Logan Paul tried to sell a bunch of socks? That was hilarious...
  6. @DividedAsOne [1 likes]: It certainly depends on your channel. I have two channels, both are over 10 years old. One channel is dead the next day w/o a new upload, the other has videos posted 10 years ago that people still watch. No matter what, you have to keep posting, but some channels give you more of a break than others. Sometimes wish viewers could kinda understand how one guy might be turning out more content in a year than an entire studio. In Hollywood, TV shows actually take breaks. I used to work in Hollywood. YouTube is more hours... as in, all of them. :-p
  7. @rockykanaka [1 likes]: Good vid! Keep em coming 🙌
  8. @CZsWorld [1 likes]: I agree with Matt. You get to have an awesome job, that doesn't mean you shouldn't be working as hard as you can. Sometimes it's hard, but if you want to be great, you have to work hard. I've recently done a couple projects that take more than one week to produce. So it sometimes leaves a gap in my upload schedule, but if I'm working for 2 weeks on a video, it's usually going to be twice as valuable for my channel. There's a big difference between taking a vacation and putting more time into a video.
  9. @Spreadshop [1 likes]: Room Rater.... 10/10 ! 😂 We really enjoy the conversation focused on creators. While this goes for Youtubers, it should be considered for all creators on other platforms too. We suggest creators get serious with a organizational  tool like Trello.com (free!) which would allow them to plan out content better. We see burnout from video creators because of poor planning. When you're producing content you're not truly passionate about, it feels like "work" - Add in the idea you're working to try to keep up with that algorithm or adding in repeat sentences so your videos hit that sweet 10minute mark... it will make you want to jump out a window after awhile. Be sure to do what you love FIRST! That's the true key.
  10. @EvolvingMagic: Going COMPLETELY against this advice as part of MY burnout. My channel, Evolving Magic has uploaded 520+ videos in under 2 1/2years (check it if you don't believe me), and have only achieved 270ish subs for ALL of my hard work (I'm a professional magician, former record holder at magic castle, and I work hard providing high quality content for both working performers on down to those just interested in learning magic). My magic is niched in close up (cards, coins, etc.), The content is CLEAN, but NO views. 

My crazy plan is this: After a shift to ONLY magic performances on July 14th, I'm going to attempt to upload 10 PERFORMANCE VIDEOS A DAY FOR AN ENTIRE YEAR!!! (audience data shows they stay for the performance but not trick explanation, and watch time average is 2min30seconds, so thats how long each trick will/must be.) 

I'm going to be a great datapoint to follow and see what happens. And my logic is this: I've absolutely FAILED in making my channel big after following the great advice of content creators and "promise success" if you did them. Did it all, and got nothing. F' them. I'm going to run myself past wit's end even further, and see what happens. My channel will be in hyper speed. Who will burnout harder and faster, my viewers, or me? Subscribe to my Evolving Magic YouTube channel to find out!!!! Bwhahahaha 

P.S. Oh and for those concerned, I'll change the background each day to keep the 10 vids daily refreshing. Haha
  11. @AnnaSzabo: This is a very good video. Thank you. I burned out, and I’m definitely sharing about it tonight. It’s a dark secret creators avoid thinking and talking about. We must talk about creator burnout!
  12. @Dtoons: How often should animation channels upload? Should we upload as often as live action channels do?

- The Problem with D&D Youtube that NOBODY is Talking About: Kind: captions Language: en Please do not subscribe to me, because if you do, you might kill my channel. Does that sound ridiculous? Yes, but is it true? Also, yes, kind of. Let's talk about it. You see, Dungeon Tube, D&D Tube, whatever you want to call it, it has a problem. One that nobody is talking about, and it's making channels harder to sustain. From veteran creators who can't reach the views they used to, to smaller creators like me who just can't seem to break through to success. [music] And it's leading to Dungeon Tubers not just burning out, but sometimes even quitting. And a big part of it, in my view, all comes down to the algorithm. Now, I know there's a common response to this, which is basically, "Stop blaming the algorithm. [music] Replace algorithm with audience, and you'll get closer to the truth. It's not the algorithm that's like your content, it's your audience doesn't like your content." And there's a lot of truth to that. After all, if the algorithm is at fault, then [music] how are so many new creators breaking into the scene? And it's true, we've had a recent explosion of brand new Dungeon Tubers. So, the algorithm works, right? Well, [music] kind of, but also no. Because for every successful new channel, there's a thousand that never make it, or that do, but then burn out. You can't only look at the survivors. That's survivorship bias. So, while some new great Dungeon Tubers have emerged, and I'm glad they have, it doesn't tell the full story. You see, YouTube wants you to run your channel a certain [music] way, and if you don't, well, your path becomes a lot more difficult. But I'd argue the path it wants you to take has its own hazards, not just to Dungeon Tubers, but to the TTRPG landscape itself. And it [music] seems to me that no matter which of the two paths you go down, you risk burning out, and I'll talk about why very soon. First, we need a small primer on what the algorithm is and how it works. When someone creates a new channel, YouTube immediately collects as much data about them and their videos as it can. This includes things like titles, descriptions, transcripts, thumbnails, even the actual visual content within the video. And with that data, it predicts the channel's ideal audience. Every time a creator releases a new video, it's fed to test audiences, and this often includes the channel's subscribers as well as non-subscribers who watch similar content. If that test is successful, then hey, the new video was successful. [music] It's sent out to a larger audience, and it might even go viral. That's why, by the way, so many creators ask you to engage with their videos and to like it or share it or subscribe. All of these work as positive signals. So, those things really do help, you know, in case you decide to give this video [music] a like. But, I digress. Let's get back to those two paths I hinted at earlier. Path one, I call wanderlust. It's said that not all who wander are lost, and that epitomizes this path. Here, a creator like myself might find a general niche they enjoy, say, D&D or tabletop role-playing games, and they'll make several videos about that topic. [music] Maybe one will be a fun skit about problematic D&D players. Maybe another is a deep dive into Daggerheart. Maybe the one after that is an exploration on immersive LARPs. And while these all fall under the same basic theme, each video feels different. It has a different format, different topics, and ultimately, a different audience. This stifles a channel's growth, not just because the algorithm can't pin down what type of content a channel delivers, but also because viewers don't know what to expect, [clears throat and music] either. They might really enjoy a creator's video essays, but have no interest in their comedy skits. They might subscribe because of a rant against D&D, but completely ignore reviews on upcoming books or adventures. To summarize, wanderlust prevents a channel from building a core audience because when the algorithm tests new videos, the audience is just too diverse. And this can also create this weird quirk where if a video does go viral, it can actually hurt a creator if it doesn't fall in line with their usual content. It can amass hundreds of thousands of views, and maybe even double or triple their subscriber count. But, those new audience members may have no interest in the usual content that creator makes. And because these new subscribers are such a large chunk of the core subscriber [music] count, it kills future videos during the testing phase. If the creator either chooses not to or can't replicate that content, they almost find themselves worse off than they were before the video went viral. And they might even find views for future videos cut in half. Not like I speak from experience or anything. So yeah, because of Wanderlust, as crazy as it sounds, as a small YouTuber, you're better off not experimenting, but rather consistently delivering the same type of content, which leads us down the other path. The second path I call the assembly line, and it's really good for growth. Here, a creator finds a format that works and just replicates it again and again, to the point that even thumbnails [music] can become eerily consistent, almost identical, like they're all produced from the same template. This guarantees that each time a creator publishes a new video, it goes out to a viewer who already is sure to like it, because essentially, you're only serving one core audience. But as successful as the strategy is, over time, if the creator isn't careful, it can cause problems. First, what happens if a creator wants to experiment, to try something different? Like, [music] what if a channel entirely devoted to D&D wants to make a video about Pathfinder? Well, to put it bluntly, that video bombs, because their core audience that they've cultivated just isn't interested in anything but D&D. They don't care about Pathfinder or Shadow Dark or Dagger Heart or you get the idea. Second, what happens over time when the creator feels tapped out? The second rule of thermodynamics is that [music] a closed system only can entropy over time. In other words, things cool off. If you're a GM advice channel, for example, how many times can you remake the same basic video about planning a D&D campaign or speeding up combat before you just run out of things to say? Not to mention, the advice you're giving might already exist in the 10 years of existing Dungeon Tube content. Plus, not only might you get bored, so might your audience. Do they really need to watch the seventh video you've made about making interesting NPCs. This is why the assembly line can become [music] a content cage that is impossible to escape from to the point that if a creator wants to pivot, they're often times better off just starting a new channel from scratch rather than slowly trying to recondition their audience through a series of low view count videos. And even if that topic is related to the content the creator already produces, it doesn't guarantee their new audience will follow. Think of it as a gigantic tanker. The bigger it is and the more narrow the channel, the harder it is to turn the ship around. And when it becomes too difficult, the only options left are for the creator to either grin and bear it as they go full steam ahead or cut their losses and step away from their channel. And that's why I say both paths basically feel like a treadmill. On the assembly line, you can never escape the grind and it feels like it goes on forever. And with wanderlust, it seems like you're never actually getting anywhere no matter how hard you try. And in both instances, the creator's enthusiasm can suffer. But, let's go wider because not only does the algorithm hurt creators, I'd wager it also hurts the TTRPG space as a whole and here's why. It takes a lot of effort to make a video. Between writing, shooting, editing, and packaging, it might take hours, days, weeks, or even months. But once it's released, the video's fate, [music] its failure or success, is decided in just the first few hours of performance. And that test could be brutal. If too many people leave too soon, it hurts. If not enough people click on the thumbnail, it hurts. The shelf life of a new video can last less than a day. And the difference between a successful video or a failure is incredibly delicate. For example, look at these two sample thumbnails. These are both from a video that I made recently combining D&D and pro wrestling. Thumbnail one is from my first set of AB tests and its title was something along the lines of five pro wrestling hacks for D&D combat. Thumbnail two came from a second set of AB tests and it was called something along the lines of how wrestling [music] fixes boring D&D combat. Same exact video, different packaging. Even if the differences are relatively minor. Now, one of these thumbnails [music] might be more appealing to you and if data is any indication, most of you would prefer thumbnail two. But what would you guess is the difference in CTR or click-through [music] rate between these two videos? How often is one clicked more than the other? Twice as many? Three times? Four? Well, thumbnail two got an 8% CTR and thumbnail one got 0.8%. In other words, thumbnail two gets 10 times the clicks of thumbnail [music] one. And because view counts tend to compound, we're not talking the difference between 100 views or 1,000, but more like the difference between 100 and 10,000. [music] So now you see how powerful the algorithm is and how important it is that we get our packaging exactly [music] right. How much those small details matter. There's essentially no room for error, which means ultimately the risk in trying anything new isn't worth taking. And [music] it's brutal because not only can a string of poorly performing videos lead to burnout, which leads to creators quitting, this system also decides what we as creators can and can't talk about. Because the system punishes experimentation. If you're a D&D channel, you can only talk about D&D. Heck, if you're a non-D&D channel, you better talk about D&D, too. Or at least package your videos in a way that makes it relevant to D&D. Because D&D is such a huge beast within our niche. And when you feed that beast, YouTube doesn't just reflect D&D's cultural dominance, it reinforces it. Because every time a non-D&D video flops, the creators learn the same lesson. Don't try that again. Which leads to fewer spotlights on new games, making viewers think those games aren't good or important, which makes future videos about those games even riskier. And well, you can see how this is a self-feeding cycle. I wish it wasn't like that and I've seen what happens when it doesn't have to be. Because for a period of time following the OGL scandal way back in the long lost days of 2023, creators actually stopped talking about D&D for a while, at least in any kind of positive way. Because audience views had turned against the system, and the amazing result was that not only did some creators talk about other games, large creators' audiences actually clicked on those videos. And in result, we got a wellspring of new games like Daggerheart, Draught Steel, DC 20, and Shadowdark, all of which are still going strong today. But it makes me wonder, if the OGL scandal never happened and we were all still trying to please the D&D first algorithm, would any of those systems I mentioned still have reached the same degree of success? Maybe not, and that's the point. This push towards conforming, not just within your own channel, but within the niche as a whole, really worries [music] me, especially because of those two paths, I definitely follow wanderlust. I enjoy trying out new formats, new systems, and new topics. I love making them because my brain needs that novelty to function. And I'm also worried because when more creators get pigeonholed, Dungeon Tube loses so much of its flavor. We get fewer experiments, fewer risks, and fewer spotlights on new games, all because we've been conditioned to stick only with what works. Now, I've ranted here a whole lot, and I want to be clear. The goal isn't to make anyone feel guilty about not watching every single video a creator uploads. [music] That frankly would be impossible. And you don't owe anyone, especially me, a comment, like, or click. But if the idea of not only seeing what the algorithm dictates appeals to you, there are a few things you can do. First, when subscribing to a creator, click on the bell to turn on notifications so you actually see when they put out new videos. Second, rather than only scrolling on YouTube's home feed, check out your subscription section. And third, if a creator you like offers something like a Patreon, consider joining it, even at the free tier. [music] That makes them less dependent on the whims of the algorithm, allowing them to take more risks. But here's what not to do. Do not, I repeat, do not subscribe to my channel for YouTube drama, because if that's the case, you won't find my other content interesting, [music] and that will kill my channel. But if you are interested in things like D&D and other TTRPGs, and aren't afraid to occasionally sample the experimental video or [music] two I make, then subscribing is okay. In fact, even encouraged. But maybe also click the bell while [music] you're at it, so you actually see those videos. And if you really want to keep this channel thriving, consider joining these amazing folks on Patreon, including the legendary Beth Fitzgibbon and Chris Carver. They make all my videos, including the weird ones like this, possible. And thank goodness for that, because churning out the same repetitive content out of the assembly line sounds like a fate worse than three failed [music] death saves. For everyone else, go ahead and click all those algorithm buttons, because as I put it out, it really does help the channel. And let me know your thoughts on the algorithm and whether it hurts or helps down below. And as always, thanks for watching, and may your day be a critical success.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TalesFromElsewhereGames [3 likes]: Walking on that treadmill was such an effective metaphor!
  2. @Stephen-Fox [2 likes]: I've been using the subscription feed far more than the home screen for... Basically as long as I've been engaging with youtube as a platform. Every time youtube makes changes to it terrifies me because I distinctly get the impression youtube as a company doesn't want me to be browsing youtube that way. Even the shift from 5 horizontal videos per row to 3 has made it harder to use because I now need to do a lot more scrolling to see all the videos that have been uploaded in the past day from the creators I subscribe to.

As a viewer, I find the algorithm can be useful to find new creators - Particularly if I've been watching a lot of a specific topic it's generally pretty good at sticking more videos of that topic into my sidebar it sometimes tosses me miniscule (sub 100 subscriber) creators who have made a video about that thing. But the thing that helps more than that? Which the algorithm cannot control for? Cross channel collaboration. Things like the Youtube Conlanging Relay that Conlangery organized the past two years (where a series of conlangers translted a text from the prior creator's language into their own, like a giant game of telephone using made up languages), the Solo Relay that TheGrouchCouch organized this years, (where a series of TTRPG channels which either focus or include solo play in their repetoirs created solo actual play videos in whatever system they wanted to play that continued the narrative from one creator to the next), but even just asking someone the same content creation bubble to record a segment can sometimes lead me to creators I'd never have encountered otherwise who I go on to enjoy the output of a great deal. But obviously that only works when a creator has grown enough and networked enough to get involved in that sort of collaboration.
  3. @italovalente2863 [2 likes]: It's sad to see how a stroke of genius like your jubilee video can become a problem for you because of the algorithm. But maybe having an aesthetic coherence or focusing on the language and themes instead of subject matters could make your wanderlust more youtube-aligned.

Good luck btw, this is a very interesting discussion.
  4. @zarthered [1 likes]: May the Agorithm bless your Wonderlust
  5. @GamingTreasureChest [1 likes]: Always think when watching your videos, damn those editing skills are amazing! Also love the metaphor of being on a treadmill, it does truly feel that way some times. Great video!
  6. @f.a.santiago1053 [1 likes]: Funny... I actually tend to avoid D&D content.
  7. @ellery0909 [1 likes]: Awesome vid. I wish there were more options for creators.  I am SO tired of dnd specific ocontent.
  8. @GinnyDi: You know, I clicked on this prepared to be annoyed, because most of these "D&Dtube is dying" videos are deeply biased, ill-informed, or straight-up just making things up for clicks. But I think your breakdown here is actually pretty accurate. As more of a "wanderlust" channel myself (D&D advice, cosplay, music, etc.), I've definitely felt the pain YouTube can inflict on you when you create too broadly. That said, like SO many things, I don't think it's quite as black-and-white as we'd like to think. Those two paths are a spectrum, not a dichotomy. And while my initial experience with creating videos on other systems lined up with what you describe, I learned in the past year or so that it is completely possible to create videos about non-D&D systems as long as you're smart about the packaging. I'm actually seeing much more success with non-D&D videos now than I did in the wake of the OGL.

I've also found that while YouTube can definitely issue temporary punishments for straying off their preferred path, those punishments aren't a death sentence unless you fail to learn from them. I found that D&D advice videos were performing worse for me in the past year or so (plus, like you mentioned... I've already said most of what I want to say!) so I've been experimenting a lot more lately, and even though some of those experiments have definitely failed... some have succeeded! And no single flop has "killed" my channel. A lot of the creators who end up quitting over the algorithm are at the tail end of a long, downward slope. I'm not saying they HAVE to adapt – they should make what they want, and if what they want isn't performing anymore, that must be very painful. But they are making the choice to not adapt even while YouTube signals to them that their work is no longer resonating.

The tough pill to swallow is that being a YouTube creator, in any niche, is fucking hard. You have infinite competition, the environment you're creating in is constantly changing, and if you aren't constantly changing to keep up, you will fail. It is a highly demanding job that doesn't really reward legacy or labor – just results. I think of it as a temporary job the way that being, say, a professional athlete is a temporary job. Most people aren't going to be energized enough, resilient enough, tolerant enough, etc. to keep pace with the ups and downs of YouTube long-term. But personally, I'm unbelievably grateful that I get to make videos about fantasy games in my basement for a living, even if that's temporary. Every job has its benefits and its downsides, and for now, I'll choose the stressors of YouTube over the boredom and misery that traditional employment offered me.
  9. @TheDnDHunter: Great video! Really well edited and it's interesting to see behind the curtain of another dnd channel. DnD is a competitive niche but it's also very positive so I'm happy to be apart of it. May we continue to grow in this table top world :)
  10. @MRVincent-PRA: I know of a content creator who has decided to De-monetize his channel so he can create without the internal pressure of 'chasing the algorithm'.
  11. @nilsschonfeld7347: Good to see that you are still holding your head up. Hope you are all right!
  12. @IcarusGames: Great video! 

Unfortunately I think the worst is still ahead for RPGTube, but also wider YouTube. Between algorithmic suggestions making their way into the subscription tab via the "most relevant" list, and Google's announcement of huge upcoming changes to search to even further prioritize AI-based searches, I think we're going to see a lot more channels burn out or dry up in the next year or two.
  13. @northernlight8857: Keep doing what you want. The death of creativity is worse than any algorithm.
  14. @TheTerrainWizard: Partnering with YouTube as a content creator  is like dating an alcoholic with sociopathic tendencies.
  15. @DoubleCritFail: Thanks so much for watching this video! This one was a bit personal. Feel free to check me out on Patreon! https://www.patreon.com/c/DoubleCritFail
  16. @MRVincent-PRA: Unfortunate that the algorithm works against creators. How many YT RPG creators have enough views in general to allow them to only create YT content for a living? If that is your goal as a YT creator it's going to be a long road perhaps...
I will watch whatever content the creators I subscribe to create, as much as possible, but Damm I subscribe to like 100 YT channels...
So many channels, so much content...
😮
  17. @ladyofpain: No, WOTC knows that if they starve its own community, they get less and less social media resistance. The Corporation outlives trends.
  18. @PandaGoob: i am commenting and stuff
  19. @jandepaepe4262: Dropping this here, for the algo-beast! The walking video format is a vibe, i’d watch more of this

- What's Actually Working on YouTube in 2026 (AI, Shorts & Live Streaming): Kind: captions Language: en So, if you been trying to get ahead on YouTube, but you been frustrated because the platform's changing, views are down, and there's a lot of new features, this is the video for you cuz I got Roberto Blake dropping pure game, no fluff. Let's dive into it. >> You got to just press record. Roberto, my first question for you is what's the most underrated AI tool or workflow that creators should be using right now? When it comes to ideation, you know, I've coined topic, title, thumbnail, and timing, and that's been an industry staple. So, it depends on what tool you're going to use to address each of those problems. YouTube has Ask Studio, which most people don't know about, and it's $0. So, it's a $0 solution. That's probably where people could start with YouTube Ask Studio. It goes off of your own data. The limitation is it will not tell you about your competitors or other people in other niches. So, then your next option is people would go to the general broad AIs of like Claude, ChatGPT, or Gemini, but that's not going to be YouTube-specific context unless you already have YouTube-specific information to give it. So, the better option there is to use a tool like either VidIQ, which sponsors you, or one of 10 who I've worked with. And so, those would probably be your two best tools to do competitor analysis and research to qualify your topics, build out your content pillars, or even get inspired for outliers. And then when it comes to titles, you can either use a tool or you could just check your own gut with a tool. And then after that's thumbnails. For thumbnails, you could go the hand-crafted route with some AI supplementation. If you're already using Canva or Adobe, both of them let you work by hand with AI-assisted tools as well. Or you could use one of these AI image generators. You could use Adobe Firefly. You could use ChatGPT's image 2.0. You could be using Nano Banana. You could be doing anything you want there. I would try >> into your last thumbnail? Like text stack? For me, and the way it's probably going to go from now on, is I'm combining my handcraft with AI for some speedier things. I don't do the photo retouching myself anymore, even though I could, because why am I going to spend 20 minutes on retouching a photo of mine, or even 5 minutes, when it can be done in seconds? So, I'm using some of these things for speed, and now I just move myself to being an art director, as if I had a team of people working under me. The retouching person, the whatever person. So, you're operating inside of Photoshop with Adobe AI tools. Is that your main platform? >> That's my main platform personally. If I need something really quick on the fly, because I already have my own photos, like studio headshots, put into this thing, and it knows my YouTube channel, for that, I'm using 1010. Must-have creator tools for packaging and getting more views. Ask Studio, which is free, and that is already just embedded in the back end. You can start talking to basically AI chat that's connected to your YouTube analytics. You're then saying, "The problem is, though, if you want to actually do competitor analysis, you could you could use VidIQ or uh 1010. I mean, 1010 I'm sure does other stuff as well, but Outliers is the big concept of 1010, right? Absolutely. And so, outlier research, that was all for You talked about two big problems, ideation, titles, but then the second one would be retention and storytelling or video editing. I always say that retention is structure, script writing, storytelling, and style. And I think that AI can help you there. A lot people try to have it do everything. I think that where it can really help you is just kind of even fine-tuning the structural breakup of your videos, cuz I think it's hard for people to just kind of maintain steady beats and energy and break their video idea or concept up into sections. The other thing is, it could be good for research, but it's better actual ability is to help you figure out the logistics of even executing your video idea in terms of what it's going to take in terms of the physical ability to do the idea that you had in your head and to plan out the execution of it and to give you a procedural for that. >> So, what would you say to someone who's listening, they've heard of some different AI tools, but they're feeling overwhelmed by AI tools? If they're part-time and they're like, "Okay, do I use Gemini or do I use Claude for my writing or do I use ChatGPT and how many pro accounts do I need and I'm trying to budget?" What advice would you give somebody? >> I would tell everybody to actually see if they're even maxing out the limitations of the free accounts at $0. And then instead of feeling overwhelmed, recontextualize how you're thinking about this. AI gives you the ability to compete with someone who has a team. So, all these different individual tools, stop thinking about tools in your tech stack that are overwhelming you and treat them like independent freelancers or contractors. Treat each of these tools like a team member now. What is one AI tool or AI workflow that has saved you the most time this last year? I would probably say that it's Adobe Podcast Enhance, but also that's built into Adobe Premiere Pro as well. >> also free? So, that one's free if you as long as you have an email address. So is Adobe Firefly for generating images. >> Adobe Firefly is free? If you have an email sign up. Now, there are limited credits for the free account just like all these other things, but there's a free tier of it. But so, I would tell people for that, instead of like, "Oh, it's going to do all the work and do my thumbnail for free." Think about this, it could just actually finally do some of the photo retouching highlights and do the re-lighting and even just doing that would make your thumbnail like a hundred times better. What would be the fastest way to use simple photos on their phone and to retouch, re-light them for as cheap as possible? I would go into that or even into Gemini or ChatGPT, the even the free tiers of those and one of these image generators and I would basically just tell it to um retouch your photo and to focus on sharpening the eyes, hair, lips, um and nose and I would tell it to um bump up contrast and just make this more attractive while not structurally altering my face or anything about me. So, do you think Have you looked at your viewership? Do you think your largest viewership's on TV? Everyone's saying that's where the viewership is. I mean, isn't it true though it's still distributed across multi-platform? The YouTube of 2016 is not the YouTube of 2026. In 2016, you remember this, Sean, streaming was not a big deal on YouTube and the streaming culture hadn't exploded yet. With all these people like Kai Cenat, IShowSpeed, and so on and so forth. Same thing for short form. Yeah, short form platforms exist, but Vine went under in like 2016. So, YouTube was a monopoly of long-form content and was the monopoly of internet attention. If we're going to watch the lean-in content that's visually stimulating, we want to watch it on the biggest screen we have and that's our 60-70 inch TV, not our 5-inch phone. The shift and the schism in YouTube happens because device context now really matters in terms of what's the best experience on every device and then that changes what formats and what content people preference on those devices, when they watch and how they watch. And YouTube also changes what it serves you based on what device you're watching on, during what time of day you're watching on. So, what would you say are your best practices for anybody that wants to get results with live streaming? One, treat it not like an afterthought and not like a throwaway disposable video. When you do live streams, keep replay value in mind of people replaying and rewatching it. Keep repurposing value for multiple formats and multiple platforms in mind from the very beginning. Keep reaction value in terms of having things in your content that other people could react to, clip, and share on your behalf. And then also have reshare value for other people to say, "You have to watch this thing that I watched. You have to give me your feedback, your opinion, or we have to watch this thing and we have to debate about it, whatever it is. Or oh, you got to see this funny moment or clip. So, you want those four Rs in place when you're streaming. What size is it okay to start streaming? Day zero. Day zero, even with nobody there? Especially with no one there, because that's how you're going to get in your reps and your practice. You don't want people there when you're doing your dress rehearsal, if we're being honest. I'm very bullish on this concept of device context is actually going to be more important than format, and YouTube is kind of even with this proving it by universalizing the format to say, you choose what the best experience to consume this content in is for you. Future looks bright on live streaming, and and then you also drop in this nugget of format is a strategy, but you're saying context. >> Device context. >> Planning your content, knowing how it's going to be perceived and consumed on devices. From a content strategy standpoint, I think that you should actually be diversifying even within your content pillars across your formats and device pillars in terms of, okay, here's my long-form and I know it's going to be on people's TV screens, computers, and phones. And so, regardless of what device they're on, here's how I'm going to make the video, structure the video for a lean-back experience. If you are the kind of person who is making content where you have that going on, then your community's going to love it whenever you go live, because now it's a special event. Whether you're doing that weekly or twice a month or once a month, it's now a special event, and they're also going to want the clips and the shorts from that special event, the same way that they watch clips out there from live events and when people go and do tours, concerts, or what have you. So, you're setting yourself up for multi-format and you're being intentional, and so there's plenty of stuff for them to watch on any device in any format. What do you think about the channel collab feature? Does it lead to more views? I everybody I've seen using it even people use it on their own channels. >> Right, between two of their own channels. It's been massively successful for them. I've seen people finally scale their second second channels to start getting views on the level of their main channels. I've seen people revive channels with this. Um it's been functionally very well and I think it brought collaborations back to YouTube in a big way that we hadn't seen before because between the pandemic and like cancel culture collabs seemed to go away from the fabric of what, you know, made YouTube great and now it's back. So, we're talking about all kinds of uh new things. You dropped a bunch of live streaming game. There's some new live streaming features. Um and I would love to talk about shorts. I have a massive opinion. Do you think shorts hurt people's channels and killed channel growth? It depends on how they're executed and it depends on whether the channels actually had momentum or not. Uh what what I will tell you is this. Another thing with um shorts and where I don't feel it hurts channels is a lot of people's expectation of it and the reason it feels like it's hurting and underperforming is they're treating it like a derivative of YouTube long form instead of treating it like it's own thing. It has its own best practices. You also don't need to put in the same editing criteria into a short that you do a long form cuz it's a different audience. The structure is different. The even the hook like with a regular YouTube video, you have 8 to 15 seconds to hook somebody. With a short, it's two to five. The structural difference in short form from long form is radically different so you have to build a short form mindset for creating content. You can't just piggyback off all the best practices of long form, that's hurting people a lot. There's also the output frequency. The optimum output frequency for short form, you can tell people never bothered to try Instagram or Instagram stories or Snapchat or TikTok and that they just started short form from a YouTube long form mindset. Sean, the output necessary to really truly be successful with shorts, unless you're a great cinematographer like Max the Meat Guy, and he's just a unicorn, unless you're that, the output amount is really a minimum of three to five shorts a day, and the optimal amount would be five to 12 a day spread out over 30 minutes to an hour of releasing each short. We talked earlier about second channels. There seems to be a buzz right now. It's still probably underground for 99% of listeners, but like you could call it a second second channel strategy. So, break down your understanding of a second channel. Old school, people had sometimes make main channel vlog channel. Second channel might have been a hobby or an expression, but what we're talking about is there's like it's like a strategy people are doing. Think of it like this. They're expanding the franchise, but they're not changing the category. So, what they're doing is instead of going, "Oh, I had the main channel and now here's the personal channel for you to get to know me as a person." No. What they're doing is they're just giving you another way to interact with exactly the same thing, the same value proposition as the first channel, but now they're just changing the style or format of the output, and that's why it's just this higher signal because it's moving away from the what appeals to the commons to appealing to the denser part of their audience, and it's a franchise that expands from the one that instead of the 1,000 true fans philosophy, what if you had 100,000 real players? So, what do I mean about real players? Play long-term games with long-term people. So, the basis of the 1,000 true fans, those are your loyal ride or die super fans. Now, what if you had an extension of that that 10x's twice over? That's how you get to 100,000. Why do you need 100,000? That seems like a big number. Because even if people are real players in intentionality and they're aligned on values and they recognize the value and the quality of what you're providing, they may not be ready yet at scale, but here's the key. >> So, it's a lower level than a true fan? No, it's actually a true fan, but they aren't at the level of commitment that turns them into your highest ticket customer, but they are someone who can qualify to be a customer. In fact, this content is qualifying them further and taking them to where they can afford the high ticket or to go deeper or the next investment because all right, they already know you because the main surface level content. They've gone now here where it's like you do lower lift, you don't have to do as much to attract them. You're now in retention mode. It's like, okay, the main channel attracted you. This thing though retains you because you've graduated to where you're absorbing more value, you qualify for higher value, but that doesn't mean that you qualify for higher products yet, but you could. So, when is somebody ready for the second channel strategy? I give the advice to a lot of beginners like when they're just starting to not start two channels cuz it's hard enough to run one. It would seem that a lot of people that are that are more professionals, they might have teams or they're delegating to editors or some different things. Who's ready for a second channel strategy? If you have people on payroll already and you don't feel like they're absolutely working themselves to the bone and they're already on payroll or you've optimized your system so well to where they have all this extra time and they're like, oh, boss, I want to put a little bit more quality and craft into what I'm doing, move them to a second channel. Go ahead and use a second channel and then say, "Guys, I don't need to squeeze 10 or 20% more quality out of this cuz it's not going to double our view counts. But if I take that same leftover energy and we just have more content going out and we have it on another channel here, then we're going to literally double their our money and I can pay you more cuz now we'll just have more content going out the door and you don't have to put in the same level of effort to this but the same intention." As one of the OGs in the creator economy who's gone through the ups and downs of life, energy moving, challenges, consistency, how do you think about being consistent? I know I mean, I follow your stuff online, so you'd mentioned you now you're building AI software, you have a live show, you've had certain seasons where you've been more consistent. Multiple channels, short form, long form, live streaming, what is your current perspective for yourself personally? How are you staying consistent? For the solo and working class content creator, one of the reasons I'm so passionate and bullish about AI is that it can get people through those tough seasons if they can optimize, if they can put out more content, if they can have more momentum. For the people who can't afford or haven't gotten to that team level yet, AI is the competitive advantage for them and it really can scale that working class content creator who only has 10 hours a week, 20 hours a week. It's really there for them. For that person, I'm not telling you to take yourself out of your content, but if there are things that it allows you to show up in the way that you need to instead of not at all. So I would say from my own experience, the things that have helped me in times of consistency is you rise or fall to the efficiency of your systems, but also your support. The thing that will help you be consistent is you have have a structure, orderly life, but if you don't have the structure and boundaries, if you don't have systems so that when you are starting something, you're not starting from scratch every single time with your very limited resource of time and your limited bandwidth, energy, attention. You know, especially if you're working-class creator who has a family, then you have all these competing priorities. So, what's so wrong about using a supplemental system? It's not about outsourcing all of it. It's about What about making up the difference because your battery's running low? How is that unreasonable? Why not yourself and do that? So, that's my point of view that loops everything we talked about. It was a lot of threads to connect. I think I brought it all back together. So, if I want to be more consistent than when I want to be, it's systems, structures, support, and strategy. If you have those things nailed, then you're going to do well. You mentioned Clippers earlier. This is maybe a new concept for people. Clippers as a type of creative, a whole network. Explain the concept. You know, I think it was an interesting one. There's There's the Logan Paul impulsive podcast. Oh, he had Joel Osteen on and he was like, "Hey Joel, you should get some Clippers." So, Logan Paul told Joel Osteen, "Do you have Clippers?" He goes, "What's a Clipper?" >> Like, you're doing a great job of meeting them where they are, you know, but you we got to get the Clippers going for you. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Yeah, Clipper army. We got to get you the Clipper army. Y'all got to help me. Yeah. Y'all got to So, um a Clipper would be There's a couple of ways to approach this. For streamers, they've been doing this for a while and they tasked their mods with being Clippers and finding the best parts of their live stream, chopping those up to clips and distributing them. Um not only for the >> on different channels. Different channels, different accounts. >> the clips on the >> Not just on the creator's account, but they're also what the lot of them do is they say, "Hey, I just want more people to see me and I want more distribution. I want infinite scale and therefore what the creator is doing is paying them for every 100,000 views that they're um that they generate like aggregate. So, freelance video editors work with channels of any size And but usually the more popular ones, but yeah. >> paid per view. Yep. So, there are freelance clippers that work for Mr. Beast. Mhm. I mean, you'll see people in the comments they're like, "Yeah, I got $1,000." >> An army of them, yeah. >> army of them. So, people doing it this at the highest level, there's some some entrepreneurs that maybe have money they really want to spend on personal branding. Spend $10,000 a month, $100,000 a month. >> Imagine spending 50 bucks for 100,000 views and they're real views, they're they're organic, all algorithmic driven because you're like >> I mean, the numbers range, but 50 bucks for 50,000 views sounds like a great deal. >> 50 bucks for 100,000 views. $50 for 100,000 views. >> That is a real number and that's on the higher end in some cases. In some cases. There's some people who get more than that, by the way. Some people get more, some people get less. Usually people from their own community So, imagine that your favorite creator puts out a call for clippers or they go through a website um where Oh, and that's my favorite one of my favorite creators. And so, imagine you're a fan of Logan Paul or IShowSpeed or KSI or Mr. Beast and then you realize, "All right, I'm going to be given permission to make a Mr. Beast or Logan Paul fan account and I get to keep all the revenue I generate and I'll get paid for performance." So, for people that are hearing about this the first time, it it could be argued that like an individual like a Luke Belmar. But, we'll talk about I think he might have been spending 10K to $100,000 a month in clippers. And so, think about like this. If you're getting billions of views of attention and you I you and I know that with short form especially, cuz we know now we have the data now. YouTube didn't put this data out there before, but now we know we see new viewers, casual viewers, returning viewers. If you're doing like if you have 100 kids working for you that each are pulling in a million views a month. You're getting 100 million views a month. Yeah. For not a lot of money. You can't buy regular ad distribution and get 100 million views for $5,000 a month from Google. Big key is to fuel the clippers is not just the content A, but content that's clippable and these Now, some of these clippers might be able to make magic happen better than you could have ever imagined, but nevertheless, it's still predicated on the input. >> Exactly. Garbage in, garbage out. So then, you already spent money. See, this is just long tail extending your investment. You put money into the beautiful studio, the work that you're doing, maybe you have a co-host podcast locations, um whatever your interviews, whatever you're doing. You put money into that. Now, you're expend you're extending the lifespan of that investment because you're scaling it past just what your own account generates now. Yeah. Because now you have an army of 100 150 clippers out here. You put a couple thousand bucks and for these kids, it's good money for them. And they like doing it and it's building their portfolio and they could be working for multiple people. And they can gain this distribution. They could be using Opus Clip for example and they could be having five, six, seven accounts each themselves. So like, yeah, you have 100 clippers. Every one of those clippers for all you know has 10 accounts cuz that's how they're getting you the aggregate of their views. Yeah, yeah. Do so many outputs that it would be unreasonable for you to fail. We already said that short form, the optimal for it is like 10 plus a day if you're really going to go hard. These kids are money hungry and incentivized to do that and to have multiple accounts. You could do 10 a day on 10 accounts. So now you have 100 kids putting out 100 videos each a day. Yeah. And they either perform or they don't because that's how they get paid. Let's say because they all want to make some decent money and you're paying 50 bucks for a 100,000 views, all of them want to get 500 bucks. So, all of them have a real incentive to try to get you like a million views every month each. So, now you have 100 million views on the line in the pipeline. Sean, what percentage of that, if you have any kind of reasonably priced mid to high ticket offer, do you need to convert out of 100 million views? How many of what percentage of that do you need to convert to make real money? So, you take 100 million views multiplied by .01 is a million people would be the Yeah, that would potentially convert on something. Let's just take it two zeros down to 10,000 customers generated off of 100 million views. Like, that's like barely This thing's barely working. Okay? So, that's like not even .1% It's like, um, you know, a fraction of that. But, still 10,000 customers. If you sell anything at all in the world, you are doing just fine. And the sheer volume and scale of attention that that can now back channel to your main content in the first place, if even, um, a percentage of that, a 1% of that translated back to your own main channel's long-form, you just add a million views to your pipeline. If you have, uh, even halfway decent RPM on YouTube, you just made profit off the money you spent for the clipping distribution. And that's at a 1% back channel conversion rate to long-form views. Number one. >> Clipping Industrial Complex. >> The Clipping Industrial Complex, knowing what's happening in the creator economy. Number two, um, you can think about applying that. And everything's like factors of scale. Opus Clip, which by the way, you know, we've worked with Opus Clip in the past, but it's one of our favorite softwares. Our affiliate link will be in the description. Roberto's got a bunch of resources as well in the description. And as usual, my name is Sean Cannell, your guide to building a profitable YouTube channel. And I can't wait to connect with you in a future episode.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [14 likes]: What is your biggest take away from the tips shared? Let us know below ⬇
⭐Our free YouTube growth class reveals 3 essential secrets we're using to get more views, subscribers, and income—watch here ➡ http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @deadringer-cultofdeathratt8813 [1 likes]: Robertooo
  3. @StonerBob710: Cat's rule and so Hectorpoo Cat is a great channel.
  4. @geminijonny: wow i missed this one, love these two! I've learned so much from both of you. Glad you could sit down for this one!
  5. @TheBlushBunny: Think Media and Roberto?… let me go grab my notebook 🚶🏾‍♀️
  6. @joshymcguire: Promoting AI to CREATORS is insane! You're either totally tone deaf or don't care about the future of the industry at all. Just because these tech billionaires try to force it into every part of our life, doesn't mean we have to just rollover and play an active real in our own demise. The amount of people that happily play along with a tool that the billionaires have said out loud is supposed to replace us is terrifying.
  7. @redromina: Love that you brought in Roberto for this! 🔥🔥🔥
  8. @SpecialGamer0: It's kinda sad how there's no creative expression anymore. Just an optimization fest to tick all the boxes to get the most views.
  9. @Lofistl: 3 shorts a day huh? Yeah no. I’m not doing that. And I see zero crossover from shorts to long form. Also I can get 100k+ on IG and TT no problem but if I cross post that same content to YT it gets 1k views and dies. The juice ain’t worth the squeeze bro. I’m never posting another short on this platform again.
  10. @TheProverbiallife: So much gold here. Thank you, both.
  11. @swisscheese2705: Hard to follow. Too complicated.
  12. @doughdash: Roberto is THE MAN!!
  13. @GaryMichaels1980: Great video , thank you guys 🙏
  14. @CinemaRecapStories: This interview is eye opening 👁️ 👁️. Thanks for sharing helpful video ❤❤❤
  15. @onwrdandupwrd5303: I barely recognise that guy without his hat on
  16. @TheParentTap: Love the tips here. Growing, iterating and learning as I go.
  17. @eecorr: The 'Clipping Industrial Complex' strategy is a total game-changer for 2026. For those of us doing long-form tutorials or performances, finding ways to leverage AI for Shorts is the only way to stay consistent without burning out.
  18. @NINguem202X: Illiterate people didnt need this nerdy stuff and exploded on YT. If you got it, you got it pal. Dont go crazy over data.
  19. @AJ_Alive: I’ve just started a channel only 38 subs guess it’s a long long game this YouTube stuff!
  20. @FractalVideoShufflr: Cannot wait until creators are mentioning our software too in order to speed up your video creation process!

- Creator Burnout vs. Algorithm Success: The Daily Content Paradox: Kind: captions Language: en but the Paradox is here we're living in an age of unprecedented creativity and creative opportunities tools for creation have never been more accessible or easy to follow or even easier to generate the companies that run all of these social media apps do not have your best interest in mind this image made by an incredible Ted talker shows just how Stark our time consumption is on on these apps but these apps that we rev share on are also designed to keep consumers captive and keep them scrolling for as long as possible so when I say it's never been a better time to start yes maybe for the consumer because everything is going to need to be consumed at some point it's insatiable and media is always changing our taste is always changing where the internet goes what entertains us what we talk about with our friends is always going to change and I don't believe that certain Misfits or certain pockets of society have had their moments yet and I really do think they will in the future we've seen that Mr Beast clearly said that his mental health is not a priority when it comes to producing and I think a lot of people in Hollywood would agree that The Show Must Go On no matter what happens and I believe the future of a healthy Creator economy is going to be knowing exactly when to stay step up and exactly when to pull back I really believe in a future of conscious creators and conscious connection and even conscious consumption I really do believe that there is a healthy place that we can all share ideas and actually feel like someone's listening and be there for one another I know that many YouTubers have made me feel more powerful when I have been in a helpless State and I can only imagine giving that same energy back so I'm not going to stick to a challenge I'm going to post whenever I feel like it I will be keeping a Captain's Log Diary of all of my happenings in the creative economy and of course trying to build and launch my own product I'm still figuring out how to express myself on here what I do know is I want to help and I want to be as useful as possible I want to give away all my freebies but I can tell you that this is getting bigger the budgets are getting bigger the tasks and the campaigns and the asks are getting bigger and I think that if we do this right we can actually collaborate healthfully and effectively but I also think if we don't then we really risk an echo chamber or huge decline in mental Clarity but if you do want more creative economy insights you want free tools and resources then follow me for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @HazratGrowth: 🔥 “This flips the usual content advice on its head! 💥 Insightful, real, and something EVERY creator needs to hear 👏📈”
  2. @MarenHövel: Sorry, but - you support a system of which you know it makes people sick - and are not ashamed to pull money out  of it. Wrong way.

- Debunking viral ghost clips (this one had me STUMPED!): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everybody, welcome back to another ghost clip reaction video. I haven't done one of these in a while. Uh, in this series, we watch paranormal clips. Uh, usually on vile curation channels like Nuk's Top Five. That's probably who we'll be watching in this video. But then I'm going to try to give a rational explanation for why things are happening as they appear on screen. It might be that the clip is staged in some way. It might simply be a misunderstanding that was misinterpreted by the person filming. Or maybe it's real paranormal footage caught on camera. Who knows? Uh, let's just go ahead and get into it. All right, let's see here. I actually haven't watched a Nuke video in quite some time. Uh, I like this one. 10 scary videos that are insane. Usually Nuke says something like, I don't know, you'll pee your pants or something, but I guess they just kind of phoned it in on this one. Reality check. Now, before we start with this video, it needs a little bit of explanation. >> That's the Quest 3 VR headset has a mixed reality mode where it can scan your room, including all furniture, and it will actually project your game onto the walls, ceiling, and furniture of your own house. This tech uses infrared light and depth sensors to only detect things in the room. And it's actually very accurate. >> Mhm. So, Reddit user Moi is playing a kids game called First Encounter, where you shoot at puffy little aliens that virtually run around your house. But her Quest VR headset is picking up something very strange in her home. [Music] Ow. Now again, it bears mentioning that Moki is playing a kids game. This is not a ghost game, and whatever that is should not be there. The Quest VR headset has detected something very strange in her hallway. >> Wow. >> Something shadowy that looks like a man standing there in a dark hood or robe. So, just what do you think that her VR headset was picking up? All right, y'all. I got this one. I haven't used the Quest in particular, but I've used other VR headsets like the HTC Vive. Um, I've used the Oculus Rift. And uh for room scale VR games, which is what this game is, they don't actually scan your environment continuously, what they do is when you set up, you have to set up the room scale VR experience and it'll ask you to walk around the room and tell it exactly where the walls and ceilings are. And that's when it does it initially during setup. And then it assumes that when you walk around with the VR headset that you know you're in that same room. It doesn't continuously scan your surroundings with sonar or anything to determine like what's there and what's not. I can't believe they called it a hooded man. That's like the scariest possible description of what what's really just kind of a a a vaguely human-shaped blob over here. What I think happened was when they did the initial scan with the room scale VR experience, there was someone standing there um and they were scanned during initial setup and then when they decide to play the game at a later date, that scan was still being used for the game. So, here we go. So, see right here at the beginning of the clip, this is what you do when you're setting up the room scale uh VR experience. See, it says, "Keep moving around the room. Scan as much of the room as possible." This is a one-time setup, or at least it's designed that way. You're not doing this while playing something. You're doing this uh at the beginning. Just to clarify, I haven't used the Oculus Quest, but that is how other VR headsets that I have used have worked. It's a much better explanation than like uh the VR headset was somehow detecting, you know, the Loch Ness monster in your living room, right? Something shadowy that looks like a man standing there in a dark hood or robe. How do you know it's dark? How do you know it's a dark hood or a dark robe? It could be light colored. Her VR headset appears to have detected a dark satanic cultist standing in the middle of the living room. >> VR dev here. The Quest video at 205 is easily explainable. The headset itself does not continually scan the surrounding using the depth sensor. Okay. I wasn't sure cuz I hadn't used uh the Quest VR headset myself. So, but they're saying the same thing and they use it all the time. It is scanned once and then it remembers the physical bounds of each object in the room during the scanning. So, there if you didn't believe me, here's uh an expert here who's vouching for what I said. Tracking of the headset, which uses infrared, is only used to create simplified point cloud that serves only for tracking the position of the headset and accurately placing the 3D scan wall in the room. That's what I was going to say. Uh, you know, as soon as I saw it, I was like, well, uh, the headset uses infrared to create a simplified point cloud. I just didn't say it because I wasn't sure if you guys would get it. Nope. That's my video. Can confirm this is not true. Okay. Well, but it is though. But but it is though. Sorry guys. Uh, it looks like looks like we're all wrong. Uh, this is proof of the paranormal. There was some kind of entity there in a dark hood. So, you're saying the ghost was there when she scanned the room, but it was gone by the time she played the game. That's why it didn't get scared when she got close. Oh, no. You know, there doesn't have to be a ghost involved. It it this is an example of confirmation bias. You're interpreting the explanation in a way that uh suits what you want to happen or what you want to have happened. No, there's no ghost involved. This next video was sent in by hundreds of Nuke Stoptop 5 viewers, but unfortunately no one had a link to the original source. So, the story goes that the owner's cat had recently passed away. But they believed that her ghost was haunting her old play cat tower. They claimed they set up a camera and caught this spooky footage. I mean, my first question is again, why is there a camera here? Why is there a camera recording the cat tower? Okay, I see. No, don't do it. Don't do what I think you're going to do. Oh. Ah, there it is. Now, I have no source on this video, and I'm certainly not saying it's a quote unquote real video of a ghost cat, but it's definitely kind of creepy, and some animal lovers say that they actually find the video very comforting. But let me know what you think. You're asking me what I think? Okay, I'm I'm happy to tell you what I think, Nuke. But I don't think you're gonna like it. Is that supposed to be the cat? Is that sound supposed to be the cat? The ghost cat's cries are uh being affected by reverb somehow. Post-processing effects on the on the real cat cry. H just naturally occurring reverb. Love it. Yes, I I do hear the I do hear the reverb cat.mpp3 sound effect that's being overlaid on the video. I do hear that. You know, sometimes when I hear these uh sound effects in Nuke's top five videos, I uh just kind of assume that maybe Nuke added them himself, cuz he does do that. He'll add like some kind of creepy cry or some kind of scream or something like that in the background to signify when something scary is happening. Um, I've given up on trying to call him out on it because the uh Nuke's subscribers, they they think it's just part of the editing style, which is fine. But in this video, you know, it says, "Do you hear her crying in the video?" So, this wasn't added by Nuke. This was in the original video, right? The reverbcat.mpp3 sound that you hear in the background, uh, that's definitely real, that was added to the original video. And I think that is the most incriminating piece of information with this video. And there's another one. Did you hear it? I mean, anytime you see something like this, it could just be overlaid footage of a cat with the opacity turned way way way down. And that's probably what that is. If they've had this uh video set up for a while uh and it's been static like this, what they could have done is they could have simply overlaid footage that they already had of their cat and they could have overlaid it onto this um this footage right here of of just the cat tower by itself. And since nothing in the scene moves except the cat, it would appear as if the you know it's a ghost cat. That would be an easy way that you could perform this effect yourself if you wanted to. But yeah, I think for sure the biggest red flag here is uh reverb meow.mpp3 playing in the background. I mean, it is just it there's so much reverb on it. It's it's pretty incriminating. I mean, that is that is absolutely um a post-p production added effect. You know, with stuff like this where it's not a person, it's an animal. You know, this may be just a way of them trying to express their grief. So, uh, you know, I think if this is helpful for them in remembering their cat or, uh, maybe helpful for a family member that maybe they made this video for to to show that, you know, the the cat is still among them, then I think whatever whatever helps them cope is is is fine. And this is kind of an example of one of these paranormal clips that ultimately I don't have too much of a of a of an issue with. Um because I I do think this is just kind of art as an expression of grief. Uh but still it is it is not real. It this is not a real ghost cat. I'm sorry to say. Boom. This video is sponsored by Factor. Factor is a meal delivery service that sends fresh, never frozen, dietitionian approved meals right to your door and ready for you to eat in just 2 minutes. Head to factor75.com or click the link below and use code 50wolf to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first Factor box. That's code 50Wolf at factor75.com to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first box. It's summer now. It's hot outside. So don't spend any more So don't spend any more time out there than you have to. With Factor, you can skip the grocery store trips and have ready to eat meals delivered right to your door. And you can choose from a weekly menu of 35 options, including keto or vegan and veggie. Factor takes the stress out of grocery shopping, meal planning, cooking, and even cleaning up. I guess you could say it's no sweat because you'll be staying indoors. Head to factor75.com or click the link below and use code 50wolf to get 50% off plus free shipping on your first Factor box. That's code 50wolf@factor75.com your first box. Thanks to Factor for sponsoring this video. Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got some ghost to bust. I don't know why I got it from my chair. I'm not going anywhere. All right. Well, I don't know if I'd say that those scary videos were insane exactly, but uh they were pretty scary. Uh, but I don't feel particularly freaked out. So, I think I'm going to check out this other one. 10 scary videos to freak you out. I'd better be freaked out. You're promising me a freakout nuke. >> This next clip allegedly comes from CCTV cameras in an unknown city in the Philippines. >> Uh-oh. Red flag already is seen walking along a cityown city. >> But the CCTV camera image becomes very strange. >> Malaga Malagaya Street. Well, wait. An unknown city. But you got a street name. Malaga Street. An unknown city. You couldn't have just looked up what city this takes place in? CCTV. Oh, that's As you can see in the clip, the video seems to glitch in a very bizarre way, making it look as if the woman's head disappears multiple times. >> Well, oddly, the rest of the video is perfectly clear. >> That's not so out of the ordinary for CCTV, though. >> Strange superstition that says that if someone appears in a photograph without a head, it means that that person will soon pass away. Creepily enough, a few minutes later, and this happens. Wait, what? >> The unfortunate woman is accidentally struck by a runaway taxi van, and it is said that she did actually pass away as the result of her injuries, just like the old Filipino superstition says. >> No. Now, this clip immediately went viral on Philippines websites and social media. But no one knows the original source of the video, which leaves us to wonder, is this real proof of the paranormal, or is it just an old malfunctioning CCTV system, or is it all just a very elaborate hoax? >> Okay, you're giving it too much credit. It's not a very elaborate hoax, but uh no, it isn't real. There's so many red flags this one. First of all, uh, an unknown city in the Philippines, but they said a street name. I bet you I can find it. We'll try in just a moment. The the source, they can't find the source for this. Um, all this stuff adding up of like uh well, she uh had the had the head disappear in the CCTV footage and then she actually got struck by a bus. And the local folkloral says that if you know if you're headless on camera that means that that's like a a death nail. I mean there's too many things perfectly lining up with lack of detail in other areas for me to believe this at all. At first I was a little disturbed because I was like do we just watch someone die on camera cuz that's a little I I mean I'm all for having fun with scary clips but it becomes unfun when you actually see someone die. But I don't think that that's the case here. I think that this is this must be staged. It must be cuz another another question that I have is why who are these guys? Who are these guys crowded around this CCTV footage with their with their pointer fingers out? The one in red, that's her. >> Where did she come from? Does it matter? I mean, if we're going with the narrative that she was struck by a taxi and killed, why are they watching CCTV of where she came from when she was walking down the street? Who does that to a victim that just died? Okay, here we go. Check it out. So, you can see a date at the top of the camera. This would be 2025 2302. So, February 23rd, 2025. If I were to fact check this, if I were to search up Malagaya Street, Philippines. Let's see if something comes up. That's in Quaison City, Metro Manila. So, it's in Manila. That took me 2 seconds. An unknown city. Let me hear you say that again, Nuke. An unknown city >> allegedly comes from CCTV cameras and an unknown city in the Philippines. An unknown city being Manila, their biggest city, their most famous city, Manila. And I found it in 2 seconds. We're going to look up Manila, Philippines. February uh was it 23rd 2025? Woman hit by taxi. You know, you would think if this were real that we would be able to find some sort of information about it. And it is said that she did actually pass away. It is said that she passed away. Okay. Well, unless it was said by a news organization or a journalist somewhere, then it didn't happen. If this is a real woman that was hit by a taxi, she's still living. If she had died, that would have been news and I can't find anything about it. I've got the date. I've got the city and I've got no information. Let me see if there's any comments about this because sometimes there's people that are locals like, "I'm from Manila. I'm from the Philippines." And I can tell you what happened. Hi there, Nuke. I'm from the Philippines. The clip at the beginning is from an upcoming Filipino movie. and there's a scene in the film where someone's head disappears in the picture or a video, that person is going to die. And this clip is an advertising strategy. Postmortem is apparently the name. Sadly, this is not the first time that this has happened in uh a Nukes Top Five video or or just in a viral paranormal clip montage, period. Uh there have been other um movie scenes or movie uh viral movie promotion clips. My sheer disappointment is immeasurable. Oh, I'm so very sorry that you were really hoping that this poor random lady was hit by a taxi and died. Sorry to disappoint you with that. I think this is a good showcase of ways that you can fact check stuff. You know, a lot of times with these CCTV things, uh, they'll have a date or something and you can use landmarks like even if they don't say the name of a street, there'll be a street sign or something and you can find out where it took place, when it took place, and you can look for news articles about it. So, uh, you can kind of take the sleuth thing from this clip and apply it to others. Chase Beckstead and his wife Rachel are staying overnight in the house of Rachel's recently deceased grandfather. The elderly man had passed away in the house only one month earlier. So, the couple is just settling in for the night when suddenly something happens that is downright creepy. Okay. [Applause] >> How you doing? You okay? >> I don't know. >> I'm sorry. I love her her shirt, girls. It said in a brush script type face, by the way, on a gray background. That's amazing. So, we were just going to bed and we're not Let me just show you. Like we've literally had to put the bag up against the door cuz we're not sure. >> Open it. Open it right now. Open it right now. Open it right now. >> Literally just >> open it right now. Open it right now. >> Even though there's no draft or air current in the house, the bedroom door begins to randomly move as if it's being quickly pulled back and forth by some unseen force. Understandably, Chase and Rachel are pretty shaken up by the strange, unexplained phenomena. They decide to just pack up their stuff and leave the house. But this is when things get even creepier. >> Okay. >> Um Okay. So, we're we're leaving. Um, we got all of our stuff packed. Oh. >> Uh-huh. Open it right now. >> Oh my gosh. >> Go. Open it right now. Open it. Open the door. Open the door. >> Right here. >> Rachel's already in the car. I'm leaving. Like, I don't know what's going on. >> As Chase is gathering their luggage, the bedroom door slams shut right behind him. And again, it begins to move back and forth. this time, even faster than before. Chase says that he still has no idea what could have caused the strange movement of the door. Some video commenters believe that this was the ghost of Rachel's recently deceased grandpa, but some think it might have been something more sinister that had taken up residence in the house. >> Oh, please. >> But what do you think? >> I love the theory of of something more sinister. Where are you getting the sinisterness from? All it's doing is trying to open and close a door repeatedly. Oo, how sinister. If that's the worst that the sinister spirit can do, then uh I mean, I'm staying the weekend there. Now, this is one of those clips where uh you're not really given any space to debunk it. There's not really any like proof that what's happening isn't a ghost trying to open and close the door repeatedly. But I will just point out what stands out to me cuz they they set up this scene by having the door closed. They've got stuff like clothes stuffed underneath the door, right? So it's like they've kind of blockaded themselves in like that's going to stop a spirit. Uh so you would think that they wouldn't want to open this door, but they prove otherwise because >> like we've literally had to put the bag up against the door. >> Oh, the bag. Okay. He moves the bag out of the way and opens the door no problem. So he's clearly fine opening the door. But then you know what would have been really effective is to open the door right now. Right now. Open the door right now. Right now. You're you're right there. See? And that that's kind of what if you're so fearless that you're going to open the door while this is happening even after you've um I put put the bag in front of the door. Uh, if it's any comfort to you at all, it appears as if this ghost is incapable of actually opening a door. I'm not sure that they know how to, which might explain um why it goes back and forth like that. So, I guess my main question is I'm not sure why they don't just open it while it's happening to prove that it's not just their friend on the opposite side of the door messing around. Let's go ahead and open it right now. I mean, you're you're leaving anyway. That was just that's those are just my two cents. A short stay. A guy named Brendan has a YouTube channel where he camps in his van in some strange and sometimes very dangerous locations across the UK. In this video, Brendan decided to camp overnight. >> Wait, wait, wait, wait. I'm going to let me stop you right there, Nuke. Okay, so something scary is going to happen in this clip. And the setup is that this guy goes to dangerous places on purpose. Brendan decided to camp overnight in the coastal village of Jwick in Essex, England. Now, amongst other things, Jaywick is known as one of Britain's poorest towns and has a very high crime rate. In other words, it's not really the best place to be camping overnight in a van. >> Okay, that doesn't stop Brendan. >> A little town in England called Jwick, coined as one of the most deprived towns in the UK, and I thought soon as I'm in the area, I just had to go and see it. Brendan searches around and eventually finds a place to set up camp that is just outside of town and kind of in the middle of nowhere. >> This will do me. >> Okay, then you're not really in Jaywick then. >> Brendan sets up his bed in the van and lies down for a night's sleep. But around 2:30 in the morning, things take a terrifying turn. I think someone's outside the >> Okay. Half past two. Someone just dropped the door. >> Hey They probably didn't think anybody was in the car. They broke the window. That wall was has now gone. >> I'm going to get out of here. Dad, did you learn your lesson, buddy? Oh, we can't see anything. What's even the point of filming? I love YouTube artifacting. Someone with a flashlight skullks around outside Brendan's van trying the door handles before smashing the window to get inside. >> Luckily, Brendan yells and sends the intruder running. He then hops in the driver's seat and just gets out of there. >> Brendan makes it out safe, but obviously is very shaken up by the whole ordeal. He decides to not only leave the town of Jwick, but to drive all night, 3 and 1/2 hours all the way back to his home. Despite this frightening encounter, Brendan still goes camping in his van and posts his adventures over on his YouTube channel. >> Brendan explores. >> You know what? I I hate to go on a little soap box here, but this is such like a privileged thing to do. I know. Oh, I know I'm being a stick in the mud about it, but like as someone who grew up in an area that could be considered dangerous uh for many reasons. Um it it bewilders me that someone would voluntarily go to uh a dangerous area of town of of the country and just oh, I think I'll just lie down in my van, sleep overnight, and that'll be the thrilling content of my video. And then you're surprised when something like this happened. I mean, all that happened was someone was trying to steal the van. Someone was trying to take it. They didn't think that anybody was in there, obviously. So, when he called out, when he cried out, uh, you know, someone's in here, they ran away, which is best case scenario because what could have happened is they could have stuck around. That's when it would have gotten really scary, but they were just trying to steal it. Um, and is that uh is that scary? Sure. But it's uh I think he should be thankful it was not worse. And it kind of bewilders me a little bit that he's continuing to do this. Some people got to get their thrills from somewhere because their life isn't hard enough, right? All right. And uh with that, let's get back to fun ghost clips. A guy named Carter moved into a new fully furnished rental house. But not long after he moved in, he began to experience strange things and hear unexplained noises. Late one night, while he's asleep in bed, he hears the creepy sound of what seems to be someone hitting keys on the piano in his living room. I love the heavy breathing. Classic. [Laughter] Who's there? Carter decides to lay on his living room couch to try to figure out just what is going on with the piano. As you might imagine, it did not go well. >> Dude, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> What? How did it not go well? >> The piano again and a chair moves and Carter decides that he's had about enough. >> Nuke always sets up these clips like it did not go well and you're like, "Oh my god, did someone die? Did Did some property get destroyed at least? No. A chair moved. As he is leaving, he manages to capture this video. >> Okay. What am I looking at? What the? >> As Carter heads for his car, he sees the flickering and his lights randomly turning on and off inside his house. >> Yeah, dude. Now, usually when people watch these videos, they say, "Well, if the place is so haunted, then why wouldn't he just move out?" Well, that's exactly what he did. Carter moved right out of that house. And the end of this haunted story, I guess. Yeah, he he ran out of ideas what happened. He was like, "Okay, I made the TV come on. I made the piano play a random note. Uh, what else can I do? I don't know. Move out." I love this clip of him just like freaking out and the lights are flashing and stuff. It's like, yeah, you're living in the Amityville horror, bro. The stairs are going to be start bleeding or whatever happens in that movie. I can't remember. All right. Well, I'm not really sure if any of those videos uh freaked me out. But I saw another one that looked interesting, and it's uh scary videos that will give you goosebumps. Y'all know how much I like goosebumps. So, we're going to check this one out. From inside, Angela is home alone at around 10 p.m. at night when she gets a Ring security camera notification on her phone. Angela is expecting her husband to be arriving home from work, so she doesn't think much of it. But when no one comes inside, Angela is a bit concerned. So, she checks the security camera footage. What she sees makes her blood run cold. What are you talking about? I never see what they're talking about. >> No, no, no, no. behind the glass on the radio door. >> I'm officially haunted. Well, okay. I mean, I'm looking and I'm here. Let me go. Let me go over here. No, it does not look like a little girl in a dress. It looks like I mean, if you use your imagination a lot. Okay. Behind the glass of the patio door, what looks like a young girl wearing a dress can be seen standing motionless before simply disappearing into thin air. Now, it should be noted here that the little girl is inside the house >> looking out. Angela is absolutely terrified and she's completely home all alone. >> You're terrified of a little girl? Any sleep for the rest of the night? 2 days later, >> what's she going to do? still can't explain what happened. So, she tries anything she can to try to debunk what her security camera captured. >> Okay, so this is the area um the door that it was like standing inside. >> We don't have anything or keep anything in this area because it's a walkway and it would be really awkward. >> Um and then this is where the security camera is, >> right? >> So, when I looked at the footage, I expected to see a person. And I didn't expect to see that though. Um, >> okay. >> To this day, the creepy apparition remains a mystery. >> To this day, I love it when they say to this day, it remains a mystery. As if there's been decades of scientists attempting to debunk it and they just can't. Um, so I have a couple of thoughts. Um, first of all, at the beginning of the footage, they kind of pan away from it. Sorry about my big P right there. Pan away. So, here at the beginning, you see, look in the lower left. What's that? Like I said, they kind they they they like zoom the footage. I'm not sure if that's Nuke that did that or the original uploader that did that, but they kind of zoom to where that thing that was moving just now is no longer in frame. So, something to think about, right, is that I mean, I guess if you if you squint and you use your imagination, it kind of looks like a little ghost girl, right? Um, now one thing that's not mentioned at all here is the fact that they clearly have kids. That was my first thought on seeing this. I mean, look at all the stickers here of the sea animals and stuff on the slang glass door. So clearly they have kids and they're high enough to where they're probably older kids like you know five six I don't know I'm just spitballing here but they're old enough to where this could have been you know a possibility could have been maybe one of their kids getting up in the middle of the night getting a glass of water and then maybe they stopped by uh the sliding glass door to look out for a moment before turning around and going back to head. That's just like one possible explanation. I can't remember exactly what the um what the setup for this one was, though. >> Angela is home alone at around 10:00 p.m. at night when she gets >> Oh, she's home alone at 10:00 p.m. at night. So, Angela is supposedly home alone at 1000 p.m. at night, waiting for her husband to come home. But Angela clearly has children. I mean, the stickers are there. And not only that, look here at the shoes. There's um two pairs of bigger shoes, I'm guessing, for Angela and her husband. And then there's a pair of significantly smaller shoes for a child, but you're home alone at 10:00 p.m. at night. So then where is your kid? Obviously, it's possible that if Angela has a child, they're maybe spending the night at a friend's house or they're at summer camp or something like that, but it just seems odd to not even mention it. you know, Angela has a little girl of her own, but uh she's away at summer camp. One simple line like that would be all that it would take. The fact that it's not mentioned at all that that she clearly has a kid and it's like, "Oh, I was home. I was at home alone. I promise." It just sets off some red flags for me. So, there's a table right here with a white umbrella, too. And I'm wondering if that's what I was seeing in the corner >> run >> of the footage. Well, no, cuz here's the umbrella. There's something that's moving right here, and I'm not getting it from I mean, it could also just be like a reflection, right? Let's see what it looks like when she's standing inside. Okay. Yeah. I mean, she looks like it looks like something was inside. I think it was her kid. That's what I think. I think her she wasn't home alone. I think her kid got up at 10:00 p.m. to get a glass of water or something and was looking outside. I'm not sure why the deception in that case, but that's my best guess. It's what makes sense to me. So, guess what? This clip is actually 100% debunked. I was showing this clip to fellow paranormal YouTuber Jenny Twigs, and she noticed something pretty incredible about it. The ghost girl in the window. If you look at what's directly outside, what do you see? A perfect mirror image. Now, I don't know what this object is. Looks like a plant of some kind. Maybe some kind of decoration, but it's a perfect match. So, this ghost girl is actually just a reflection of the thing that's immediately outside. The thing, by the way, that mysteriously disappears during the daytime clip. It's not there anymore. I wonder why that is. I was so focused on trying to give a good faith explanation for it of like how it could have possibly been a misunderstanding or something like that. I was really preoccupied by the fact that it disappears and I was trying to think of a way to rationally explain that. But actually the ghost girl disappearing is just VFX. It's just an edit that they did. They got rid of the reflection. We can do it right now. There's the reflection. And there it's gone. Wow. A ghost. Again, full credit for this debunk goes to Jenny Twigs. Please check out her YouTube channel. She's got a lot of great paranormal content there. Mystery solved. Okay, well, I think that'll do it for this edition of uh watching viral paranormal clips. It's been a while since I done that, and I had a lot of fun. Actually, you know what? I I've given Nuk's Top Five a hard time in the past uh for certain things. certain production choices I didn't agree with, but you can tell in these more recent videos that he's having more fun with it and uh there's more of a comedic style to it. So, um now I'm not sure if the videos that I watched could really be qualified as uh insane and they certainly didn't make me freak out or give me goosebumps, but I did have fun watching them and uh I hope you did too. With that said, I will see you in the next video. Think critically.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JohnWolfe [131 likes]: Use code 50WOLFE to get 50% OFF plus free shipping on your first Factor box at https://bit.ly/4dDHGWk!
  2. @jamesblake7922 [1 likes]: video 4 is made so lazy, it's clear that the home owners obesity is an indication of how much energy they put into their hoaxes.
  3. @marcuscristy5371 [1 likes]: "It's 10pm, do you know where you're kids are"😂
  4. @SidneyThomasGames: Also, I've noticed that Nuke has a tell. He always speeds up when he's lying his ass off. Such as when he's talking about "an unknown city in the Philippines."
  5. @SidneyThomasGames: I was a blubbering mess for days after my cat died. I couldn't imagine sitting down and making a whole ghost video about it.
  6. @geruubun: Man... power to those who feel better or process better their grief by making a video of their cat being a spirit and remaining in the place where it liked to be, but to me personally thats a godawful of a thing to make and publish on the internet.
Having lost my two precious bunnies in the span of 6 months what I truly want the most is to make every memory last, remember them and cherish their existence when they were at my side and carry them in my heart, while safekeeping the last things that they have left behind such as their toys and so on... not create a spooky ghost video of them and much less publish it out for everyone to see as if this immense grief was an attraction at the museum. So bizarre.
  7. @gertjanvandermeij4265: 2:14 ..... "THAT" is just the GAME MASTER !  😜
9:41 ... And WHY, if your cat died, do you keep all his/her toys on the floor ?  🤣
14:08 .... They never heard of VIDEO COMPRESSION ?  🥱🤓
19:44 ... Funny fact, in (almost) EVERY old house, in the whole world, someone died there !   EVERY DAY 150.000 people die !!!         So, saying someone died there, in an video, is NOTHING special !!!  if it was, EVERYBODY would have ghost in their house or surroundings !  🤪
20:46 .... NO ! of course not !  They have to give their friend TIME to get away !  Duuuuuh !  😂      21:09 .... Yeah !  She looks TOTALLY scared !!  🤔🤭
  8. @gertjanvandermeij4265: NUKE saying "it's up for you to decide"  Basicly means .... You can't sue me, if I faked (some of) it !
  9. @gertjanvandermeij4265: EVERY VIDEO .... That starts with "REALLY or REAL"   you instantly know, it's complete and utter BS !!  🤣
  10. @theglutton100: Most of these type of paranormal videos used to be pretty entertaining… now they are all the same ….. knocking on a door and when its opened😮 no ones there😮😮 jeez come on its gotten so lazy
  11. @donaldmaciver1792: 20:44... Hello Housekeeping..
  12. @nurielbarreira958: 29:23  ghost pulled the chair after playing the piano... why? wouldn't you pull it to sit on it and THEN play it? Why pull it after? Ghost doesn't know how to piano.
  13. @nurielbarreira958: A folklore about people  appearing headless  in cameras... that's some quite RECENT folklore, right?
  14. @PKmaki: While I appreciate the sleuthing, trying to find a place only with a street name isn't that easy because at least in Brasil where I live it's very common for several cities to have streets that share a name.
  15. @kishandraws6241: Dude can you debunk that hospital vedio where three nurses go into the abandoned part of the hospital and see some stuff moving around? Please!
  16. @LanxPenzenpepper: 35:40 this most likely was a case of accidentally filming something creepy and they just went along with it 😂
  17. @angelabeauxbangela: To be fair, I watch Brendan's channel and it's not about camping in impoverished areas. He mainly travels all over the UK and goes to tourist sites and he will often stealth camp. Occasionally, other people might show up playing loud music or racing their cars or something and he will leave. Other times he goes to established campgrounds. The compilation channel description was not really 100 % accurate.
  18. @godslaughter: "Old Filipino superstition"- how old can it be when it relies on footage. How convenient. Apparently, the entire universe revolves around...cameras?
  19. @CocoSalt-o3h: Pretty impressive
  20. @Thatgirl1973: Okay, that ghost cat video is pretty lame. With that said, I’ll occasionally get the sensation—if, say, I’m sitting on my bed—that a cat has jumped up behind me, often to the point that I immediately reach behind to pet whoever, only to turn and see nothing—even though that sudden, familiar dip in the mattress and quick rub against my back was unmistakable.

- Debunking the Most Disturbing Ghost Videos on the Internet: Kind: captions Language: en 1,139,415 views. This Nuke's Top Five compilation containing 10 scary videos is actually full of videos that have perfectly mundane and simple answers as long as you look closer. [music] >> [music] >> Oh, [clears throat] within for me. What was that? Okay. Nice. Yeah. Okay. Okay. No, you don't. No. The call is coming from inside the house. The person in the car is actually being reflected on the glass of the door. And that's why the person is not visible the moment he gets outside because they're not being reflected off the windshield. They're being reflected off of the door. Pretty simple. The true portion that helps you understand this is around here where you can actually see the legs of the person who's standing there in the reflection of the glass. Mystery solved. Lights, they turn off automatically at a certain hour. And I'll tell you right now, I'm going to walk you through Now, I have a friend that works that he would see and hear things coming from these furnaces when they're burning the bodies. So, when I'm walking through here, they usually put the urns out to send to the families. So when I'm walking here at night, I I walk right by these urns that they put on these tables here and then I come down freaking out. Ooh, haunted crematorium. Little on the nose, don't you think? First off, let's address this. It's my opinion that this is a cut. Now, you can disagree with me. That's fine. I've been watching enough of these videos to detect that there is a couple frames missing here. Let's go back a bit. Remember the audio anomaly he was hearing in the beginning? I'll tell you right now, >> this could be one of two things. It could be an interference with your Bluetooth signal from your Apple earbuds that you're actually recording your voice on, even if you don't realize it. Uh, or it could be an audio isolation system trying to pick up your voice while you're speaking, but you have a jacket or something that's rubbing on the microphone and that's causing it to clip. The final of two things that I want to point out is one, this is incredibly poor taste. you're in a funeral service and you're making a ghost video, but seeing the lid of the urn here lift up. If you didn't notice it here, I'll show you. See that lid came up? We'll go slow. See that lid lifting? I'm thinking that this might be a highly polished stone or marble urn. Narns usually have very tight tolerances. They sit they sit with a partial vacuum or tra like a trapped air pocket inside. If you imagine uh you have like a rubber gasket or a rubber seal around the top lid of the urn, you should expect that it's an airtight seal for obvious reasons. Now when you push that ern lid down that creates an air pocket, a high pressure interior space. Now if the urn is kept in a cool environment, it will shrink the air inside and pull a vacuum on that or normalize the pressure. But then if that urn is then transported into a large open room like we see in this video, it's highly likely that we're going to exceed some sort of thermal expansion or or even a slow thermal gradient between the interior of the earn and the exter exterior. uh the lid is usually the path of least resistance and even a fraction of a millimeter of lift can reduce internal pressure. So once the pressure neutralizes the gravity will take over and the lid will close again. Um but the reason why we're seeing this here is likely due to maybe cold air outside. You heard him walking around. He's wearing some sort of windbreaker jacket which means that it's slightly cool in here. So in my opinion the urn opening could very well have happened due to pressure changes. Stone is not a uniform material. It expands at different rates depending on what part of the urn is currently undergoing thermal expansion or contraction. If the lid is made from different materials or a different portion of the material uh or different blocks altogether the body will expand outward faster than the lid will or the lid will will warm faster than the body. So you could also experience temporary binding if the lid expands faster than the body of the urn will. But the tension built inside due to thermal expansion of the air inside warming or the air outside cooling and the air inside being warmer would cause the lid to lift subtly or pop altogether. Uh this is poor taste. Do not film a ghost video inside of a funeral home. However, if the person is not orchestrating this in some way, I mean, if you work around urns enough, you know how to make the lid pop open, right? The point I'm trying to make here is that this could be thermal expansion. It's most likely thermal expansion. And there was a cut in the video. So, those two things together lead me to believe that this is fabricated altogether. >> All right, look. We're starting now. The the security light turns on. It picks up And then it walks back. It's at the corner of the house. >> You see him walking. It's like a short guy >> and then you see the the trees move. Nothing pisses me off more than watching some guy bastardize a perfectly good CCTV system because he doesn't know how to set it up. If you're going to install a CCTV system, you may as well do a little bit of light reading on where to put the cameras and what they're capable of doing because most likely the C the security camera that is recording right now is at some measure weather resistant. Therefore, it should be outside of the dirtiest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] window on the planet. Okay, that's number one. I used to be a CCTV footage analyzer for an insurance company. I was the bad guy. My job was to figure out when, where, and how people were manipulating security footage to ensure that they would get insurance payouts. Okay? Part of my job doesn't matter. This is a fully corporeal real tangible human being who is transiting the scene from the right side of the frame to the left side of the frame and then back. The trees are moved by this individual. It is a solid human being. It is not a ghost. The problem here is that your infrared flood light, which thank you, at least you did one thing right in adding a big nice IR light to illuminate your entire backyard. However, it's aimed at your backyard. So, everything in your backyard can be resolved by the security camera, but everything behind the flood light just gets the crumbs, the leftovers of the IR light. And that's why everything in the background cannot be interpreted properly. CCTV systems are relatively complicated in how they store and manage files and how they save resources to ensure that recording can be snappy. One of the ways that they can do this is by temporarily holding a a like picture, a solid frame or a small video clip of the environment that it has been recording for months and months on end. It can determine that most of the image is pretty much exactly the same and therefore it just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pastes the previous set onto the scene while it then uses its little computer to interpret the rest of the scene and change pixel by pixel things that are changing. Does that make sense to you? It's a type of resource saving method. Like, it's not going to instantly update the image. It's laggy. It It's a couple frames behind. If you're watching it live, everything you're watching actually happened half a second earlier. That's neither here nor there for this particular video. What's happening here is that it's determining that something is changing here, but it cannot process the information because it's having to it's having to try to figure out what's dirt and what's not dirt. Even though it doesn't know what dirt is, it doesn't even know dirt is a thing. All it knows is that there's a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and one thing that's moving. It's telling you, "Hey, somebody's in your backyard." But unless that person gets within the range of this IR flood light, you will never be able to see who they are. It doesn't matter why that person's in your backyard. You'll never know. You'll never know because you put your security camera in the worst possible place imaginable. Put it outside. I call this and we can build. >> It should be surprising to no one, but wax figures bodies are made separately from their head and then attached later. In fact, most wax figures have a fiberglass or resin body. So, it's almost certain that the head is just settling into place after being moved for cleaning or minor alterations. It's not a ghost. It's not her ghost. It's just physics. I do not need >> [crying] >> Happy [crying] You come here. [crying] You come here. Okay. Um, let's let's talk about the first thing. When the uh when the video starts, this first motion, it's a bit weird. I'm not really sure what to think about that. But the rest of the time, she's pushing herself. See, she's pushing herself under the bed. So, it's it's not a ghost. This one's just kind of weird. It feels like I should just cut it out of the video altogether. But, uh, I'll leave it in. But, um, she's pushing herself under the bed. That That's what's happening. I'm not sure why. I'm not sure. I know there were supposed to be 10 videos, but some of them weren't paranormal in nature, so I didn't discuss them. If you have a video that you want me to discuss or do you want me to take a look at, you can link it down below or send us an email at youcaremeytgmail.com. Check out our channel membership for access to our Discord. Check out our channel merch store at ydsmtore.ca. The merch there is pretty cool. I designed it all myself. No AI was used uh except for the descriptions. I I used AI to generate the descriptions because, you know, I already designed all the all the stuff. I don't not very good at writing scripts and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, I'll see you uh on Sunday. Merry Christmas. Love you. Bye. [music] >> Another debunked. Till [music] next time, don't be deceived. Stay sharp. Stay smart. Believe in what's believed. [music] Truth wins out every time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @4darkangelofdeath735 [3 likes]: Merry Christmas 🎄🎁I truly hope Santa is very good to you both. Sending you both holiday love and the best of the season all year round.
  2. @4darkangelofdeath735 [2 likes]: The child that  pushed herself under the bed does not know how to crawl forward. All she knows how to do is push herself backwards and she got stuck under the bed and that's why she was getting upset and why did it take the mother so long to get in there or the grandmother to get in there and help her??
  3. @4darkangelofdeath735 [2 likes]: Trust me when I say if those urns have ashes in them they are sealed because they don't want them spilling out. I have urns in my house currently and they seal the lids. Otherwise those are definitely empty they're also on a storage rack, not an actual prepared display for someone who's passed. No etchings no markings. They're just empty urns sitting on a shelf to be processed going forward. Also no actual tags to identify who's in them
  4. @anamutnjakovic8878 [2 likes]: Hiii Nik 🎄
Nicely explained and I like how you show it few times in slow motion so that we can see it ourselfs. Few times more for us who don't see it in front of our noses lol (read: me) 
Smoking granny is so interesting. I so wanna know is it mechanism for attraction or it was just one time. Go there and find out lmfao 😂

I wish you the best for Christmas. Take care of yourself please.. Sending big hug to you and Keirris ❤U
  5. @crichardson3903 [1 likes]: New viewer. Your video came up for me today. Thanks YT! I have seen the first one so many times. I knew it was a reflection but couldn't work out the details. I really like your approach. While many videos are clearly staged, I know some are people misinterpreting what they are seeing. Nice to have some science based explanations.
  6. @Bergla [1 likes]: Wait,wait,wait… who is this guy? 
Showing the legs in reflections proving the illusion?Thermal expansion???? 
Where’s the “it’s just a cut” or “there’s a wire glint “?????
A few years watching ghost “hunters” only fir the horror movie peeling paint locations,shitty yt algorithm only pushing certain debunkers,
Don’t know what happened in the last month or so but finally getting other channels like crow and shape,not just guys insulting those they don’t like almost every video. Good stuff mate 🤜🏻🤛🏻
  7. @KateAlbers-s5u [1 likes]: Oh Jesus….ragging on the dude who doesn’t know how to install a CCTV😂 LMFAO. And btw I agree. Don’t buy something you don’t know how to use
  8. @KateAlbers-s5u [1 likes]: Great intro Nik! I like getting to watch all or most of the videos too before you start debunking. You guys are putting out really professional content; great job!❤
  9. @Bankspcm: That wax figure had to be settling due to a new neck job or something or maybe the heat loosened up the wax but why was that guy filming for so long just waiting for it to happen
  10. @leelalo6625: Baby looks like she was just stuck under there after pushing herself in😢.

- 4 Viral Hauntings Debunked – None of Them Are Real: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to you don't scare me the channel ghost videos. Let's watch some ghost videos. >> Of 2025 a small family rents out an Airbnb for a few days unaware that they wouldn't >> I don't have a problem. You have a problem. >> Unsettling while staying there. >> But I like it. You can't stop me out of town. So staying here made sense. But one night after coming back from walking their dog, this happens. >> We were just out walking my dog and when we came in, we heard I'm paying attention. Oh, had to had to open a bottle of lemon. Lid was too tight. cuz I tightened it. Oh, sorry. We're We're Okay. What's happening? I got super distracted. [sighs and snorts] I could have been transition there. I don't know if there's any reason to do one, but balloon started moving because of air pressure. They are full of air. You just increased or decreased the pressure by closing the window that caused the the the balloons to move. >> Well, that was neat. [laughter] >> Something leash on her dog's collar jolts up in a quick motion before >> that was neat. The dog was definitely like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up as if someone had chucked it upwards, but clearly no one has seen. >> Oh, you know what? This is reversed. >> Odd considering that just moment >> I'm pretty sure this is reversed. Check it out. Wait for it. Let's >> Okay, there. Right there. See where she like closes like her hand over it? That's probably what she was doing. So, she's walking up the stairs and it's hard for her to walk down the or backwards up the stairs. So, that was her walking up the stairs. Okay. So, she walks up the stairs and when she puts her hand over the camera, that's the cut. Now, everything every everything else that happens is played in reverse. Right. Let's see. Right. So this is her closing the window or opening the window, the balloons moving because she walked by and hit the balloons as she was walking by. And so that's the balloons like resetting themselves. I mean it'd be it'd be a trick to walk backwards, but you could do it. And so here where she like flicks like looks over the railing, she's holding the the the she's holding the what do you call the leash out and she just like drops the leash and then plays it like plays it backwards and forward. She like does like a a back and forth. I'm like I'm almost positive that's how she did that. The this clip is in reverse. Maybe even that swipe over was enough to do another cut. So, like it like shoots up and then falls back down. Uh, so it's possible. Let's let's watch the dog's face and see if we can Maybe he makes like a mo a motion and then looks back. Maybe See, he looks that way and it looks back. Oh, but the I don't know. Maybe it's not reversed. It looks like it's reversed, but the dog's motion is it's it's hard to really sort of I wish this was easier to scrub. It is a little hard to uh to notice. This being in the way is kind of annoying. Maybe we can slow this down. Is there a way? I think I can the quality should. Yeah. Yeah. Ah, playback speed. There we go. Let's drop that down. Let's Let's Let's see if there's any kind of screwiness going on here. So, the leash is up here and it's out of frame. So, this is a perfect opportunity for her to draw or to be holding the leash and the dog to be looking like maybe it's reversed. Okay. But the leash flying up and then falling again. Unless the leash hits the dog in the head. The head initially as it's coming up. It's all the way over here. If that's where it ends up, maybe she's covering this up. She doesn't want us to see. Oh, see the dog's head's in the wrong position. Okay, so it's not reversed. Um, let's go back to regular. Yeah. So, so there is some there could be some cuts in there definitely. Um, I'm not totally sure what exactly she'd be messing with by covering up the camera to like create like a transition area. Covering up the camera basically makes it say makes it makes me believe that there is uh three stitched in videos. There's three three different videos going on here. It's possible that she had uh the dog was on the stairs and there was a uh she had a string tied around like a a ceiling fan or a ceiling light and just pulls on the string to lift the the the dog's collar up. Um and then whatever transitions that she was doing where she covers up the camera, there could be some like funkiness going on there. If it were me, I would have definitely reversed that video and had the the the leash fall um and then make it look like it was flying up to me. Uh but that's not I don't think that's what's going on here. I think I think it's something else. So, I think I think maybe she's just has like a string set up and she's pulling on that string. So, it is a little interesting. Um, that's for sure. But, uh, yeah. >> Jolts up in a quick motion before wrapping itself around her dog. It just >> super neat. Um, I like that effect. >> I appreciate the effort she put into that. It's pretty neat. >> Very odd considering that >> the footsteps coming up. You're you're walking on wooden stairs. So Nick Nick said previously if you when you walk up the stairs the stairs walk up or you know when you walk down the stairs the stair I don't know the point is >> as you're putting pressure on the stairs it's creating tension on the stairs and then as you get off the step it like clicks back into place and so sometimes that happens is when you're walking up the stairs you're putting all that pressure on but they're not rebounding because you're still putting pressure on the stairs. So, as she walks up the stairs, when she gets to the top of it, the pressure releases off the full set of st stringers, then all the the stairs could pop all the way back up to the top as they reset her position. >> There she goes again, >> which is a dog. You're standing next to it. She thinks you're going upstairs and you've got her leash, so she thinks she's going for a walk. >> But she's definitely sensing something. >> She's not sensing anything. She thinks she's going for a walk and you're teasing her by throwing her leash leash on the stairs >> every single day. Also, get rid of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] carpet. Get rid of that carpet on your stairs. That is a tripping hazard. >> For some reason, it's going to you're going to eat it going down the stairs. Unless it's like tacked in. It is not tacked in. It's too loose. >> Appears to be there. >> Even the dog like shifts shift on. >> It's crazy that you that you just have a rug like just resting on your stairs. >> However, >> that's in this video that's worth pointing out the detail that appears in other videos that Sydney recorded of her dog. Watch closely. >> Uh, okay. to show you guys some footage of my dog [music] with these stairs. >> At some point, the dog got trained or maybe the dog pissed on the stairs and is smelling that urine. >> Walk over and see her and she was so locked into the >> Now, if you didn't notice, >> is it a used rug? Maybe you got a rug from another dog owner. >> Area of the stairs, it's always the middle or lower half of the steps. But >> yeah, it's a dog. If >> it wasn't for this detail, Sydney would not have realized this. >> What? So, I think I figured out why my dog just is always hanging out right here. So, I just found a door back here. So, I I don't think that it's what's on the stairs. I I tried [music] to check, but the door is locked. >> How long have you lived here? >> It's an Airbnb, so >> Oh, >> they lock a lot of the doors up. Yeah. I don't think that it's what's on the stairs like what I initially thought. >> Okay, let's get a butter knife >> below. Considering that the space is on the ground, it explains why her dog is >> I somehow I recognize this now all of a sudden. >> I feel like I know something about this. I've seen something something from this lady for >> wanting to Sydney and her sister probe around the space to see what it might be that's inside. But during this moment while recording, they capture this. So, this is the switch. You guys can see their light is on right there. >> And then what? A shadow. You're very It's very obvious to me that you can get into that room. >> I'm wondering. >> H. All right. Oh, this is going to be creepy. This is going to be scary. Is this the Is this the video where it pulls the phone? >> Just she gets her phone back if that's the case. So, this is the one. >> What? >> I missed that. Somebody made me knock on the wall or knock on the door. >> Almost immediately after Sydney pulls out her phone, the door knob suddenly turns. >> No one was seen on the other side. The door moves as if held from the other end. >> Now, it could just be air pressure. Um, it could be, you know, when you turn on that that that light, it could warm up the environment a little bit and create a little bit of air pressure and that maybe if you were jiggling the handle, the handle was hung up on its like return. And then the spring is old. It's an old doorork knob. So, the spring that returns the door handle to its neutral position. Could have gotten hung up and then just snapped back. >> No, you guys are the only ones that are in the Airbnb right now like booked out for the week. Well, obviously >> out that no one else is inside. Sydney concludes that what happened that night wasn't a case of someone co-enting the house, but rather another paranormal occurrence. >> No. Um, you're you're we're stitching a lot of like uh nothing burgers. We're stitching a lot of like random paranormal evidence together to to to substantiate our claims. But in this case, I I believe it's just the effect of an old house. Now, the fact that she's she's in an Airbnb um doubles down on that the fact of the matter that that that rug has likely has the smell of another animal on it. >> Yeah. >> Um if it's an actual Airbnb. Yeah. So it would be basically in my professional opinion I would say that um another dog has urinated or has like made uh has scented that area and so now that dog is walking up the stairs and smelling that and being like there's a dog here somewhere and he can't quite figure it out. Everything else uh everything else is Yeah. to see when she slides it under there could be a cut there but everything else everything else uh that happens here like the door handle moving could literally just be that it could be like an old spring and because she's manipulating the door the the old spring could be stretched out you know it could be weak so its return force isn't so great and then the the consequence of that is the uh she could just be playing the same clip over and over again here obviously we've seen like a lot of like you know potential for her playing videos in reverse. I don't Oh, [screaming] so your phone something pulled your phone so you were able to get into that room to get your phone. Yeah. Next was like really creepy for him. I had a feeling that's what this was. But, uh, certainly it's a it's an amazing, uh, horror. This is a really good horror. This is a really good video, I would say. It's obviously not the case. I feel like this is obviously not true. Um, >> this room was actually a basement. Out of nowhere, the phone gets yanked inside before tumbling down the steps and landing on its face. But it's before it tumbles that something weird happens. If you didn't notice, the phone moves on its own again before falling down. But of course, the strangest part is when the phone somehow lifts itself. Neither Sydney nor the Airbnb host could explain this. It just rises up before falling back with no footsteps around to suggest that someone was there. It's wonder why many see this as being paranormal. To Sydney and her sister, that's exactly the case. Whatever had been inside did not seem to like their intrusion. From the leash moving on its own to the phone being pulled inside it. >> It's a really good uh it's a really good setup for a horror movie. Like something like umudge, you know, like paranormal activity or something like that. Like the dog being on the stairs is is likely caused by that. Either the dog is used to going upstairs and it's waiting for its owner to continue to go upstairs with it or it's smelling something on the stairs that the owner doesn't isn't aware that's there like another dog and then just you know getting into that that thought that there's a predator or another dog a threat there and so he's like hung up on the stairs trying to find the dog because he's like trying to protect his owner. um the the phone being pulled. I would I would argue that it's when she slides the phone in and out underneath of the door. There's enough of a dark space there that you can put a cut in and then all it takes is her just like already actually having access to that basement because it's part of the Airbnb. And then >> um using a butter knife or something to open that door even and then just basically like going into the basement and then pulling on her phone and doing all the stuff that happens with her phone. Um, >> and then just, yeah, just using the opportunity to do the cut and then when the other guy comes over uh to unlock the door, it could be even just like it's her dad's house or something like that and then her dad just pretends to open up the door and they'll get her phone. Could even happen the same night. But the bottom line is that I don't I don't really believe a lot of that. U, it's really cool, don't get me wrong. I like it. I I really enjoyed that video. U, but I don't think that it's uh I don't think that it's genuinely parallel. Oh, I've seen this one. I saw this one with Nick. Um, we we surmised that basically somebody had tied a string around that little uh that that ornament and then had put the string through the air intake there and then gone into the second room and uh pulled on it to to raise up that that little string. >> Anyway, yeah, that's it's kind of interesting. I I I do like these kind of videos. cuz I feel like the videos on this this particular compilation are getting pretty interesting and I do think that the uh the previous video was a really good opportunity. It's a very interesting video and I feel like it would be a very good uh premise for like you know a horror movie or something like that. But I find that the issue with horror movies these days is that the that they've they've they've switched from like you know suspense and thriller and sort of like the the the leadup to it uh to more of just gore, right? Like that's why I like Halloween so much, the the Michael Myers movies, is because it's not about gore. It's about uh being like uh tormented by this like enigmatic um you know scary, you know, uh psychological thriller kind of thing. But there's also gore in it. But if I nowadays it's all about gore, everyone getting their head broken, ripped off, arms lip, you know, Final Destination stuff. And I just don't think it's very interesting. So, a movie where there's like a paranormal entity that's like to tormenting them, but you never see the paranormal entity and you never know when the paranormal activity is going to happen. Like paranormal activity, the first one, I like that because it was so it actually creeped me out and I I thought about it so so far. I totally missed that as if whatever this was had realized she was approaching. Understandably, she was freaked out by >> I didn't see anything more so after going back to the space and seeing the fireplace completely empty now. No, I don't see it. I didn't I never saw it. >> Initially is now gone. Now currently >> Yeah, I like that sort of like that that slow methodical build up in like in pressure and like and scare and uh I know Nick has a lot of experience with horror movies at this point, but like I really dig those horror movies that just sort of like they it's that invisible force that you're constantly approaching. And so that like that last video was perfect for that. >> And ever since having her first child, she's been posting numerous videos of her baby boy. It's her first child, so it makes sense that she would want to capture every moment involving her son, Panco, from the time >> I wish I had more footage of my childhood. >> The things I used to get into only there will only ever be memories. We have no connection to the '90s anymore. Like we were in that weird zone where like uh Fujifilm and like you know disposable cameras and everything like that were still prevalent at that time. Um but there were no video cameras that are were like readily consumer you know. My dad had a a VHS recording machine like a recording VHS uh machine, but we never really used it cuz we didn't really have a lot of family bonding stuff. So, there's no videos of of me when I was a kid. Uh there's hardly even pictures of me when I was a kid. >> Maybe somebody opened a door somewhere in the in the apartment and that I can see something moving in the top left corner, which could be a draft. It could be a draft moving things around. Is that somebody in a poncho? So, there's someone else in the house. >> Yeah. Well, we're okay. You left your kid in there. What is the light? Isn't this like an artifact of the light switch? Like switching between night vision and and not night vision. >> I I I failed to see any anything paranormal here. You you ran something paranormal happened. You left your kid in the crib and you left and then what? You're not coming back? like she's been gone for what, say, a minute and in that minute enough paranormal stuff has happened. You're scar You're going to scare your kid now. What? I [music] What is there? Is there more to this or is it just this? Is that one piece? That's One Piece. I'm reading that right now. pretty far actually. I'm I'm on the 53rd. >> It's no wonder. >> Volume of uh of One Piece. >> Now, besides the fact that the door opens and closes all by itself, >> that's uh Yeah, I'm not really I'm not really seeing anything that's like super super interesting if I'm if I'm being completely honest with you. Um it just kind of seems like your your door opened. There's somebody else obviously in the house cuz she when she leaves the room, she's obviously chatting with somebody else. It looks like it's like 3:00 in the afternoon uh or is it 3:00 in the morning? It's hard to say. Uh but it's uh there's not a lot of paranormal evidence to go on there. It's basically just the door opening and closing, which with a security camera like that and this being our only angle. Um it's pretty easy for me to say, hey, you know, this is just somebody else in the in the house that pushed the door open. You even see a entity at some point in the door in the doorway that's very clearly more than likely just that same guy. Uh, so anyway, that's going to do it for today. Uh, it's about 20 minutes. I got to go record an episode with Nick and then I've got some other things I need to get get done today. So, um, thanks for tuning in. Thanks for subscribing. Uh, thanks for hitting the like button. Thanks for coming back for more. If you guys like this kind of content, this is what we do. Um, if you're uh, specifically interested in the silly goose nature that I have, I'm here on Mondays and Fridays. If you want a guy who swears a lot, gets angry all the time, and like like crashes out constantly, go check out Nick's videos. He releases videos on the other days and then on Tuesdays you get both of us together in one take twin Tuesdays. So we'll be seeing you here tomorrow for that if you guys are interested in that. And then worst case Friday and tell me uh tell me how handsome I am. I'll always accept compliments. Flattery will get you everywhere. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's going to do. Okay, I guess. Well, see you later. Peace. Is that enough for monetization? 9 seconds more. Oh, you're still here. Oh, sorry. [laughter] We cracked the code. We broke the spell. Another myth debunked. So well [music] till next time, don't be deceived. Stay sharp, stay smart. Believe in what's believed. Truth [music] wins out every time. Truth wins out every time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @4darkangelofdeath735 [4 likes]: 5:26 Even her gasp sounds fake. It sounds reversed. I believe the dog is trained not to go up the stairs without being told 7:11 looking for a treat 7:29 she just found the treat. That's why the carpet is moved
  2. @4darkangelofdeath735 [3 likes]: That was a hilarious ending. You're the best kind of crazy.😂😂😂😂:_ghostConcern::_ghostShock::_ghostAwkward::_ghostDealwithit:
  3. @anamutnjakovic8878 [3 likes]: Hello handsome yoooou.. beauty full human.. with amazing umm mustache yes! mustache and beard 🙄
What's up? Are you here, are you? 😁

- Watch Me Debunk the Internet's Creepiest Paranormal Clips: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, hello, hello, and welcome back to the channel. This is Debunker's Hangman. We're gonna try out something new here. I want to make games for all of these uh like a whole bunch of games for debunking so that things are more interesting. Since I can't seem to speak correctly in my explanation, here's a better version. The rules are simple. If the comment section falls for the ghost, plus one limb to the hangman. If the consensus is a debunk but different from mine, plus one limbmed the hangman. But if the consensus is a debunk and it's the same as mine, plus one letter. And if no consensus is apparent, nothing happens. The word is debunk. It's six characters long. We win. We also win if the hangman doesn't live. But we win for a different reason. And we win by losing faith in our fellow man. So, I've got the comment section here. Not going to look at it, okay? It's minimized right now. Take my word for it. Don't worry. Let's take a look at the compilation and see if we can figure out what's going on. >> When it comes to scary videos, this first one certainly has that creep factor. A recently uploaded clip by Global Aqua Parks on Tik Tok has sent the platform into a frenzy and left millions of viewers scratching their heads. This is where the real madness begins. >> Tik Tok Palace Praa in Prague, Czech Republic. The video was originally meant to promote the park's Wild River attraction, a river ride designed to simulate fastmoving rapids and sudden turns. At first glance, everything looks normal. Water rushes through the channel as the camera glides along the course, showing the turbulent current. Forget the 60-second one. doesn't work with slap him. >> But just a few seconds into the clip, something very strange appears. >> What? It's It's just another person. >> Briefly bobbing up from the churning water is what looks unmistakably like a human foot. >> It is a human foot because there is a person. [music] >> They just get up behind the camera. >> No splashing swimmer. No sign of anyone else nearby. >> What do you mean? That's the sign that somebody's nearby. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, that's my debunk. It's literally just another person in the water park. Let's check the comments. The footage of the person that went under the water coming up behind the camera. Oh, sorry. How do I show you the comment like this? Yeah. Wow. Good placement. The foot is the per is of the person that went underwater coming up behind the camera. So that means we get a D. Well, I mean, you don't see the D, but it's there. No, wait. Hang on. Let me check the rules again. Like I said, this is a new thing. I I literally set it up like 5 minutes before I started recording. Oh, yeah. So, if people believe that it's spooky in the top comments only because of course we're going to find somebody who debunks it throughout the whole thing. That's why I said it like that. Yeah. So, I get a D. One point. Oh, I don't have a point counter. Okay. I I forgot that. Now it's here. So, that means plus one point for us. Implement. The implementation of this is a little confusing. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to be doing this, but I forgot about the counter. I literally never used it. Let's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] play. Jesus, I'm confused. I confused myself. >> As the camera continues forward and rounds the corner, viewers expect to see someone just ahead. >> Well, no, you wouldn't see somebody ahead. They're behind you now. >> Instead, the river appears completely empty. No riders, no lifeguards, no explanation for where the foot could have come from or where it went. >> I mean, sure did seem like they stayed underwater for a little bit of time, but [music] it's not it's not >> So, what really happened in that? >> I mean, that's that's what happened. Why is it dim? Tik Tok user Nino Lugo from Medí Colia recently shared a chilling discovery after revisiting old footage from a previous apartment. >> Too bad this wasn't a bingo. >> While scrolling through videos recorded years earlier, one particular clip immediately stood out. >> Because you're not properly filming the child. OP's young daughter playing casually in front of the camera, laughing and moving through the hallway. >> Off camera as any child would. At first glance, >> you're just you're going to point out the guy behind her, huh? >> This guy's sitting at the table looking at his phone. I bet you. But in the background, seated quietly at the dining table, there appears to be the dark silhouette of a man. >> Okay. >> So, >> the uploader says there were no men in the apartment at the time. No, >> you know how we know there was a man in the apartment at the time? Do you know how we know? >> Visitors, no. >> See the comments. How do you know? because it's so long ago. How can you pretend to know? You know what I mean? Just look at the comments. Uh, right. Let's collapse this. Um, okay. I don't see anything that has to do with the table. We should We should use YouTube comment finder. I don't want to be looking at the debunks. If I look at the debunks, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to know something. Uh, but good thing I have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mind of a goldfish. I already forgot. Um, I just know there was something about a CCTV camera, so that's going to be useful. And if you need proof of the comment about the goldfish, just watch the counter. Never get used. Um, sitting at table. Behind the girl is a table in front of the window. A silhouette reminding me of the profile. Somebody sitting at the table. Closer look makes pretty clear. In opinion, it's only paridolia. The first video from the water slide is unex. Yeah. Okay. There is no one sitting at the table. In the second video, it doesn't even look like a person. The man sitting at the dining table, no other neighbors recognize him. So, I guess they fell for it in my opinion. >> No one who could possibly explain. >> I mean, I I guess it could be paridolia, but no. Look, that's definitely hair. That's definitely a beard. Nose, eyebrow, forehead, hand, leg, foot, leg, foot, hand. And uh this this this is a cigarette. The guy's smoking on the It's a person. It it it's a person. I mean, look at the foot. Like, there's a guy there. Like, but you know what? Them's the rules. T. There is no T in debunk. They fell for it. >> Of that shape. >> I mean, look, look at the reflection of the floor. There's a person sitting in the in the in the reflection of the of the table on the floor. That's how we know somebody's there because we can see them on camera. Ghosts don't exist. >> I guess the >> this next image comes from a home security. >> I think that's a better way of playing it. Anyways, >> family deeply unsettled. >> The was captured at a friend's house in Spokane, Washington. >> Do not export a viewers. If you're on CCTV, do not export a still. Give us the full video clip. Otherwise, you know exactly what it is. I know exactly what it is. Like, like we're not stupid. >> At first glance, the image looks >> So, it's a woman in a in a uh spaghetti string kind of uh what do you call these shirts? You know what I mean? The undershirt thing like they have like the little straps, you know? And uh blue jeans. probably a light colored yellow shirt. Based on the edge edging here, I'd say that the color of the shirt is likely yellow, maybe a brighter pink, something like that. We see obvious feminine features. It's a woman and she's being compressed by the CCTV's dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] location. You know, we got the IR being bloomed out on the can here and being bloomed out on the banister railing here. So, she's not going to appear properly. You really should have put the security camera between these two slats aimed down the hallway. You isolated the one frame that looks the creepiest. And that's that's what that is. Let's check the comments. Um, real quick about the color of the shirt thing. Uh when you're a CCTV footage analyzer, I was for a long time. Uh you you're trained you you train yourself. You train your eye to be able to recognize the different color variations in the grayscale uh in the infrared. Most clothing will appear blank white even if they're dark clothing. Uh but there are some indicators that can help you determine it. It's kind of weird. Uh, I don't know how to explain it in a way that would make any sense to anybody, but if you work in the field for long enough, you can see the color when there is none. If that if that helps. Woman. Is this the time frame? Somebody knocking? All right. Come on. Can't open your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] power raid. It's just this one case. I don't know why >> they've like >> Yeah, that was pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stiff. >> And I took the ring off it and everything. >> Huh? >> Thank you. >> You're welcome. Okay. Yeah. So 620. You can circle it all you want. I still don't see a woman's figure. Um the woman It's so odd to see the woman in the middle is so odd to see an image of a woman in a tank top and sweatpants that you could possibly resemble a Nike sign in Adidas. The fact that you could see her bra is insane. after a drug overdose. You should really try to help her move on. What? They think it's a ghost. Uh, doesn't look like a woman at all. Two people say it doesn't look like a woman at all. The person here thinks it's a ghost. There is no G in debunk. Oh my god. You know what? Yeah. You know what? The hangman works because they're hanging me with their stupidity. A YouTube channel called World Cuisine went live just last week and the broadcast has left viewers around the world completely baffled. >> Crunchy audio, don't worry. >> Believed to have been filmed in China, the live stream shows a man demonstrating something deeply unusual in real time to his followers. Buckets rattle, chairs shift slightly, and items jostle as if disturbed by an unseen force. >> That's fun. >> It's incredibly elaborate, but it's most likely a pre-recorded video. And they've got uh strings on everything. Strings on everything. That's my guess. I would have originally guessed some sort of underground gas leak allowing puffs of air and he strategically placed the bowls, but that wouldn't explain the chairs and it wouldn't explain the one that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] floating over here. >> So, it looks like he's out in the middle of nowhere, but I'm not I'm not believing that he is. It seems like he might be actually just outside his front door. So, there's a lot of ways that you could do this. You could set up a large like like large thing like this and then he's like here. The camera is aimed here so that like or like diagonally so that you wouldn't catch the legs. Let's check the comments. Bowls. B. The Chinese guy in the bowls is moving is AI. The guy may be real, but the bowls are AI and not the jumping beans. Yeah, that's what I thought. I I noticed that, but didn't say it. I didn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about that. I suspect gas leaking up from the ground where the dancing bull stools are concerned. The guy with the giggling bowls is a trick where the camera makes the other humans disappear. It messes up right at the end. Shows someone just to the left of them and they disappear. >> Yeah. Being recorded at night is is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You see the air pressure? That's what I was That's one of the things I was saying like the gas leak air pressure thing and then lines. Yeah. probably used a fishing rod. Yeah, fishing rod. Yeah, but string still Oh, burning paper. I didn't get that far. Yeah. Wow. Okay, so it didn't fool anybody, but everyone's really mixed on what it could be. >> The man speaks in Mandarin, making it difficult for many viewers to understand exactly what he is saying. However, based on context and translation attempts in the comments, >> I feel like I'm just not going to do anything with the hangman for this particular clip because some people are agreeing, some people are disagreeing, some people are fooled, most people aren't fooled. So, I I don't feel like I get a letter or an extra limb. >> Appears to be explaining that the movement is being caused by some form of internal energy, often referred to asQi. It's absolutely not that. >> What is this? What is he doing? Are these Is that the comment section? >> The strange activity does not showing that it is live. >> Instead, it persists for the entire of the broadcast which runs for more than 55 minutes. That's fun. >> At around the 34 minute mark, the man places a rag or piece of paper on the floor >> in a very particular spot. Yeah. Yeah. >> Repeatedly. >> If I had watched this far, I would have I would have noted that it was it's already been burned in that spot. >> The intensity of his gestures. >> after several moments, the paper suddenly ignites. Later in the stream, he places a hat on the ground and it can be seen hovering up and down in the background seemingly. >> What was that? >> What's this? >> Down in the background. >> Looks like string to me. Honey, you seem >> Look, you can even see a string on the end of his hat. There also seems to be some extra shadows in here. [laughter] See what I mean? There's There's some more shadow. Man, I'm going to continue to debunk this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video all the way up until it goes live. Huh? I've been editing this for like two hours. up and down in the background. See? >> Wow. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] elaborate, dude. >> Without any physical support, >> you can see the string on multiple occa. You can see the string in multiple places. There's a string here, too. See it? That's not That's not macro blocking failure. That's string. Can we see string somewhere else? Yeah, you could see it right here, too. Wow, man. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] elaborate as hell. As viewers begin questioning whether wires or hidden mechanisms could be responsible, the man attempts to address their concerns. He picks up a broom and carefully sweeps it around the objects, including the moving buckets and chairs. Apparently, to demonstrate that nothing is attached. No, he just knows exactly where the strings are. This is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This is a This is a master class. Wow. This guy's really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clever. Wait, do that again. Huh? Diagonal. Diag. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Where are the bowls? I just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hit the wrong button. Oh, he's got a string literally on his hat that you you see it like the whole time. But uh go back, go back, go back. Go right. Look, look at this part. Okay, so the string is diagonally. It's across the street for the for the broom, right? Watch. We don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] need a master class on chi, jackass. Everyone everyone watching this knows exactly what chi is. We're smart. But um the string though, where's the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] part with the broom? >> There. Okay. >> Watch the way he does it. >> He's He's Every time he goes around an object, >> he sweeps, >> but he didn't sweep here. We continue on apparently to demonstrate that nothing is. >> He goes over here, >> but he misses this. But doesn't it's not it's not tweaking that way, but he misses that. He sweeps around this. He takes such a wide birth around here. And there's a flash here. We keep going. He goes around the around the hat, but he never sweeps where this line is. He goes around it, brings the broom way over here. And then by the time he brings it back down, see, he never swept that area. This is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] brilliant. This guy's masterful with this. It's a grift. >> It's an online grift. It's like >> It's like the guys who make the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] receipts float in air because they've got a string tied from the front of their hat to their thumb. >> The Ohio State Reformatory has gone viral after it appeared to show something moving entirely on its own. The footage was uploaded to Tik Tok by a user with the rather memorable username Poop Stains 27. And it didn't take long for viewers to start feeling uneasy. What the >> Oh, yeah. It's just settling. It's going. So, the doors will will uh work a groove in. It'll it'll um you know, you open a door to a specific area like over a long period of time. Eventually, you're going to do like a path of desire kind of like a warping. You know, like the steps in the in the leaning tower of Pisa, how they're warped down like that. Now imagine instead of your foot, it's the gate's hinge. And then so when you set the gate into a specific position, it'll wobble back and forth until it settles into that space. And that's why we see that it like removes some of its inertia >> and then it slows down. And as you can see, it's it starts to move slower and slower and slower until it's barely moving at all. >> It's because it's sitting in a little a little divot. >> Let's check the comments. prison. Uh, why does this guy say prison? The prison door isn't worth thinking about. I can't I can't be bothered with the rest of this toss. You're you're ignoring it because you can't explain it. Looks like they were fooled. There is no J in debunk. >> There's no one nearby. No visible draft and no >> [music] >> Tik Tok user Tally T519 recently uploaded a piece of baby monitor footage that has left a lot of viewers feeling uneasy. >> The clip was recorded in late December 202's bedroom and at first everything seems completely normal. [music] Then in the bottom right hand corner of the screen, something strange appears. >> It's processing. It's camera compression processing the uh Oh, it's a it's another child. No, it looks like a dog. Edward. head. What looks like a dog. >> A blurry amorphous shape seems to form out of nowhere. It lingers just long enough to be noticed and then it vanishes completely. Completely >> dogs. Dogs do. There are dogs that have hair like they look like full head of hair. It's >> no pets in the room. No other children nearby and nothing that could reason >> immediately says there are no pets in the room which means that there are pets in the house which means that's the pet. Let's check the comments. Uh where would that be? I feel like we're going to have to start going by time stamp. We'll go 15 minutes. Uh can we Okay. Uh, baby. The baby cam looked like a spider on the lens. Look. Oh, look. Another video with a baby monitor. Is that baby monitor video a blurry spectre moving left to right and just an orb seconds before that creepy ghost? Is there two baby monitor videos? Baby monitor is just an insect or a bit of cobweb. Okay, sorry, but the baby cam looks like a small dog to me. One person agrees with me. Everybody else debunked it incorrectly. There is no H in debunk. That's what that means. The unanimous consent is that they're stupid. Incorrect debunk, guys. Unless there's another baby monitor somewhere later on. And if so, >> this next scary video comes from a home security and was shared by Ahmed Sha on our slapam Facebook community page. It was captured inside a small bedroom while someone was lying on the bed seemingly. I appreciate the security camera's angle. Certainly set up relatively correctly. You definitely put it in the wrong corner. It should have been in the right corner of the room facing at a downward angle. I get that the window has an air conditioning unit in it, and you likely believe that that would be the most likely entryway point for a burglar. However, uh the doorway is the much more likely entryway for a burglar. I whatever you're thinking, you're probably wrong. Unless you are a burglar, the path of least resistance is usually the place that the people go. So, through the front door or the back door, through the house, through the doors in the house. Burglars don't actually come through the window as often as you might think they do because there is a large variable with the other side of a window in that it's it could be blocked. It could have a dangerous object that might harm them underneath. Usually, people don't like breaking windows. They like breaking doors. You know, you're going to cut yourself on the glass on the way through, stuff like that. So, your security camera should be placed kitty corner to whatever area your that your primary ingress point is in your house. So, I would stick the security camera on the opposite wall, like the di like to the right corner facing your bedroom door. Unaware that anything unusual was happening around them. >> What are what are all the kids doing? We're we're going to start ignoring the fact that people have security cameras aimed at their bed cuz apparently everybody seems to think that's an appropriate place to put a security >> Mirror mounted beneath the small television on the wall. Something strange begins to form. [music] >> What down? >> A shape slowly appears inside the reflection even though there is nothing physically moving in the room that could explain it. Uh, I see it now. Uh, look, when you're when you scrub fast, you can see there's a shape coming in the like showing up in the mirror. You see that? Sorry. Let's try to center it more in the view. Look, here's another bold thing. I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the money with my debunking this. You'll see it in a second, but watch. Pop pop pop. Ta. See how the scene shifts? The luminance changes in the entire [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] video. I was on the money once again. >> Moments later, a dark shadow is seen moving across the floor in front of the tele. >> He's he's watching TV. He's on his phone. The glare from his from his from the glasses that he's wearing on his face is what is what that light that you see shining in the in the mirror is. He's not there's nothing manifesting around him. It's just the like a reflective reflectivity layer like the the reflectivity of the mirror is messing with the with the uh P frame. Yeah. Let me interrupt one more time. So there was a there was a spot in the video I wasn't seeing the reflection that that like ghostly reflection in the mirror. Uh so what I was actually seeing was there's like a particular moment like right there in which you can see this slight glint. I was totally focused on that for that part. But my later like later when I when I basically say it's a composite shot that's that's where because I was looking at it at another shadow. You'll see you'll see you'll see a sorry updating because of the distance. >> No longer confined to the mirror's reflection >> what there are no pets in the room. No visible light sources casting moving shadows. And >> what moving shadow? >> That shadow on the ground. >> That shadow on the ground is most likely something that he's hung from his light fixture. >> And the camera will only process the frames. >> There are no pets in the room. >> Sometimes because the because the light is so the change is so subtle, the camera won't properly update the P frames to reflect the change. No one else present who could explain what the camera captured. The person on the bed doesn't react at all, suggesting they were completely unaware of whatever passed through. >> It's clearly been been like, "Oh, there's nothing hanging from the light fixture." So maybe there's a fly or something on like in the uh like a large insect or something that's in the light fixtures bowl thing diffuser tray. And it's likely that the insect is what's causing the shadow. Then, uh, here's the thing that that that I'm curious about. What is How did you What did you What made you look at the security camera? You know what I mean? Like, what's the thing? What What made you do that? There wasn't a crash. There's not a bang. There's not a sound that you need to find. It's just you lying on your bed, otherwise having just a normal day. But for some reason, you felt the need to go and look at the security camera footage. That leads me to believe that this is a plant. You know, you're you're you've you've manipulated the footage. Otherwise, why are you looking at the security footage through the room? So, what do you think this camera really captured? A simple visual glitch? >> Like, you have to look at it. There has to be a reason for you to look at the security camera, >> man. Uh bed. The clip from the security camera of the dude laying on the bed. If it's not a setup, what on earth made him go back and review the footage? Brilliant. Noel Ryan, you're a genius. And I will find you in the comment section. And then let's do that. Let's do that right now. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm on the wrong account. I must comment from my I must comment from the right account. Thumbs up. Good [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] show. Noel Ryan 8062. I don't know if you'll ever see this, but hell yeah. Um, anybody else? Um, the one on the bed person, you can totally tell a movement is the person's bed reflection on the and the shadow moving on the floor is merely the TV changing pics, therefore casting different shadows. Oh, you know what? No, I don't think so. Um, no. No, I don't think that's a I don't think that's some No, that's definitely not something we can Is that another mirror? Is your TV hanging on a mirror? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I pressed the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I pressed the recording stop button. That's another mirror. Look at the reflection of that mirror. Moments later, a dark shadow is seen moving across the floor in front of is seen moving across the floor in front of the television. No longer confined. >> See that in front of the television? >> That's like a fullon face. reflection. >> You know what that means? That means it's a ghost. That means that you have a composite shot going on here, >> You see that right? The second reflection up there. >> There's definitely a compositing thing going on here. >> The mirror's reflection cuz otherwise there wouldn't be a reflection in the mirror in the second mirror. So, you've got a you've got you've got somebody who's actually standing on the bed here. Maybe this is a this is a bit of a stretch because it looks like a pretty large face. Like like it takes up the whole thing. Uh but my prediction now is that you have somebody standing on the on this here and you've you've uh separated the video um composited the video like this. Like this section of the video is likely a different video or like more angled so that it covers that TV, but like this section is a different video and you're standing on the bed here and you're casting the shadow over here. It's a setup, man. There's no reason why you would have um why you would have gone back and looked at the looked at the video. There's no reason. Um here's the next clip. I hope this is entertaining. I mean, I feel like it's I'm entertained, but I suppose that um I'm going to give myself me self I'm going to give myself an E uh just for the joy of knowing that uh one other person was exactly on the same page as me and uh we'll keep doing this. >> This next clip has caught the attention of researchers who focus on patterns rather than oneoff >> crunchy audio. It's buffering. This wasn't supposed to be a problem with the proxy media. I haven't generated proxy media for this video. So, it's there's momentary hiccups and buffs like whenever I scrub the timeline a lot. >> Strange spotting official. The footage documents. >> It's a little annoying, but it's not like saying anything worth listening to. >> Clema albivo. According to the original report, the object was observed on several separate occasions, each time appearing between 10:23 and 10:26 p.m. Looks like a magnesium style military flare of some kind. Firework of of some maybe. Um, it flashes like it's fire. It looks like a magnesium flare. >> Was that during every sighting the sphere remained visible for exactly 3 minutes? Jeez. Specific timing. Almost like a military training flare. Anyone? Flare. Oh, no. Orb sky. Uh, light isn't even spherical. It's just a random light. That's that's your debunk that it's just a random light in the sky. We have to be a little bit more specific on that. My guess on the fire sky would be several IR laser focus on one point. Oh, please. I just give me both arms. There is no L in debunk. Just one more and I'm actually going to hang myself. That's a joke. That's a joke. That is a That is a military flare. Does he say that at all? >> No official explanation has been provided in the report and no conventional atmospheric or astronomical cause has been confirmed. The consistency in both timing and behavior is what has raised eyebrows, especially when the same phenomenon repeats across multiple sightings. It should there's a manufacturing preset for these specific instruments. you know, the flares, they have a specific duration, you know, and fireworks as well, it's a it's not just like somebody's there's no variable involved in fireworks. There literally can't be unless it's homemade. Um, but flares especially. >> So, what exactly are people seeing here? A rare atmospheric phenomenon, an unknown man-made object, or something we still don't fully understand? I guess something you don't fully understand, but it's a magnesium flare to me. >> Here's a quick and strange one that was posted to our slapped ham subreddit by user Royal Goats. >> Yeah, we took a look at this during our our slapped ham subreddit uh debunkathon. >> Oh, and the last one is just an anecdotal story as per usual. All right, let's take a look at the beach one again. I want to say that it's got a steeltoed boot. They thought it was a Civil War soldier or a soldier of some kind, but based on the evidence that I'm seeing, I'm going to lean towards Photoshop because it casts a shadow and it would be very easy to take two photos. one where the person is standing there, one where the person is not standing there. Place them on top of each other, which would explain why the little girl looks like she's got some uh ghosting, for lack of a better term. And then just erase the upper layer with a with a slight like transparency brush, a eraser with low transparency, so that it just reveals slight glimpses of the guy. You know, if you're standing relatively in the same place or even if you use like generative fill, you can just basically remove the guy and then just feather him back in and then make him look like smoke. Certainly an interesting photo, but photo shop is my theory. Let's search for beach and see if people are fooled. Look at this hat. This guy on the beach hater looks like a Confederate soldier. See what I mean? That's a soldier from the late 17 or 1800s or a pirate in the background on the beach with the number two young people. Oh, do you mean two young people? You don't need to put the number sign if you're just denoting how many people are there. Those legs on the beach look like a Civil War soldier. It's to tell you the water is 1 foot deep. Oh. Yeah. Ghost cowboy on the beach. One person noticed the steel toe. Oh, dead. All right, people. I'm going to go hang myself. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed the video, hit the like button and subscribe. Check out our channel membership for access to our Discord and uh check out our channel merch store at ydsmtore.ca. I'll see you in the next one. I love you. Peace out. >> We cracked the [music] code. We broke the spell. Another myth debunked so well. [music] Till next time, don't be deceived. Stay sharp. Stay smart. Believe in what's believed. [music] Truth wins out every time. Truth wins out every time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KateAlbers-s5u [2 likes]: Oooohhh I can’t imagine you’re  going to win this one Nik…people are not very smart. Generally speaking of course. Plus, I think these channels sometimes delete comments. But I’m anxious to see how this works out.
  2. @J-High666 [1 likes]: How does this only have 180 some views but 146k subs 🤔 who cares cool video slapped ham sucks always has slow footage filter and ask did you see that nope and neither did you
  3. @danscharp2441 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  4. @danscharp2441 [1 likes]: Hey Nik. Loved it. I’m a little confused on the rules, but what the heck? It was very entertaining and quite educational too. I thought the little guy with the bouncing pots was amazing. It had a major illusionist vibe to it. I hope he has more content coming. Also, it’s great to see your numbers coming up. Good job!!
  5. @leelalo6625 [1 likes]: 2:19 I said the same thing😂
  6. @KateAlbers-s5u [1 likes]: If I was a burglar, which I may or may not be, I’d get enjoyment from taking the time to remove a window AC unit and squeezing my fat ass through, while the racket I make alerts the homeowner…or I could use a noiseless glass-breaking tool and open the front door in less than a minute. I’m having a blast with this! TBH, I’m shocked so many people attempted to debunk these videos. This was really fun❤
  7. @KateAlbers-s5u [1 likes]: The bowl thing clearly has nothing to do with whatever he’s doing with the broom, but does it not kind of remind you of curling? I’ve been watching the Olympics and I can’t understand how moving the broom close to the puck thing without touching it makes any difference…but I bet you know😂
  8. @anamutnjakovic8878 [1 likes]: Well hiii you

Did soldiers boots really had metal cap? I searched and there's no civil boots with it 🤣 And it's not from that period. Maybe dude likes to dress but that's 20-21 century boot. More likely 21 century couse that leather looks shiny and new. And dope!

Do the fortune telling reactions. Come on. Do it!  Get glass bowl and put some colorful string lights and draw reaction papers. Doooooo iiiiiit 😳 🧙

- I Debunked The Internet's Most Viral Paranormal Clips: Kind: captions Language: en I hear you like ghost videos. That's too bad. I'm going to be debunking them today. So, let's get into it. My name is Nick and this is You Don't Scare Me. [Music] This next eerie piece of footage has been going viral over on Instagram. It was uploaded by Vatz Mono. This motorbike rider is going for an evening ride through Delhi in India when suddenly something quite eerie happens. So, first off, this is cinematic as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] We can see here that based on the angle of this shadow, I don't think you can see that there's anybody there. If you advance the video to about here, where the camera starts turning around, you can already see that somebody is there right here. And then you can see here that you can see the hair. Once the camera turns around, the person leans back. So, their face has been pressed up against their back. Their arms are wrapping around the guy's waist behind his backpack because he is wearing a backpack. It's just on his front. >> See, that's the top of the backpack. Straps go over the back. Somebody's sitting behind him on the bike and their arms are wrapped around his waist behind his backpack. Cinematic as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. I rarely see any video at all that isn't professionally made that is this like cinematic. I don't know how else to describe it for a, you know, a Tik Tok or a YouTube short. This is like production quality better than most people. I want to see more ghost videos with this cl this much clarity. Reddit user Object Pickle 364 shared this spine- tingling encounter on a seemingly ordinary workday at an old farm. Tasked with resolving electrical issues in a chicken shed, the user stumbled upon an unusual site. Curious how this is the third time I've actually seen this particular video. Oops. That particular video. Third time I've seen this video. Third time the story's changed. electrical issues in a in the chicken shed is the most recent version that we just heard. Uh it's a film set and this is the back end. Uh and the person who this person is about to see is just another employee and that's it. That's all there is. Just watch. You'll see how unimpressive this is. >> A car inexplicably parked right in the middle of the shed. Intrigued and perhaps a bit beused, the poster decided to record a video of this out ofplace vehicle. However, as the video nears its end, something more unnerving comes into view. A figure can be seen peeking through a doorway, an area that was supposed to be inaccessible. And thus, it must be a ghost that opened the door. Sunlight coming through. That's a ghost video. That's what people are calling a ghost. How do you feel about that? There's nothing to this. It's just a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guy in an old shed with a car and then turning around and seeing that somebody's looking into the shed from the doorway. Where did Jeff go? He's in the shed. Well, let's go check. There's no audio to the clip. You don't hear if somebody opens the door and says, "Hey, Jeff." or Glenn or whatever the hell you want to call your name, doesn't matter. Point is, this isn't a paranormal video and it should stop being seen in paranormal compilations. Just because somebody's attached an anecdotal story about how this is paranormal or how nobody was there or I was completely alone. Well, guess what, dude? You're on a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] planet filled with 8.6. Yeah, properly. I know it's 8 billion, but let's let's assume let's acknowledge that we've underounted based on rural areas. More like 8.6 billion people. That's just one of them. The main entrance and exit of the shed were behind the poster at the time, and the other doors were securely locked. Rushing over to their colleagues who were deep in conversation, the poster inquired if any of them had been near the shed or were playing a prank. >> Yeah, there you go. It's just a coworker. Like, here's the thing. You can't just film some random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing, some innocuous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and then post it on r/go and think that the world is going to just eat it up like it's like a like Gordon Ramsay's food. It It's just a video of you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around in a shed, finding an old dusty dilapitated vehicle that's in the shed specifically because it doesn't work. You don't want to leave it out in the freaking rain and elements so it doesn't rust all the way through. You're definitely going to get around to repairing it eventually. Just found a random car in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] shed. Turned around and saw one of your co-workers were peeking in to see what the hell you were doing in an area that people aren't usually supposed to go into cuz there's nothing in there for you. Stop posting stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need a challenge. Tik Tok has become a platform for sharing everything from dance routines to cooking tips. But for user Ashley, known as Mrs. Ashley State, her content has taken a chilling turn. >> Most videos are popular. >> What started out as a suspicion about her old home possibly being haunted has turned into a series of spine tingling encounters shared with her followers. >> Decent placement for a security camera. Back entrance covered. Front entrance covered. Valuables covered. Where's your kitchen? Is this your kitchen? You just have like a stove. There's a sink. There's not enough space here to have a fridge and a stove. >> Several years ago, Ashley and her family began experiencing unexplained phenomena in their home. >> The closet door is already open. Oh, there's the fridge right there. No stove. Microwave. Maybe there is enough room. It doesn't matter. Um, the clo closet door is already open and somebody's just going to be sitting down here with a string to pull the backpack down or it just fell down. Sometimes things do that. You know, gravity does exist. It's not always ghosts. From objects mysteriously relocating to strange sounds echoing through the halls, the sense of an unseen presence became palpable. As for that, that's either the HVAC or there's somebody in there cuz the door's not even fully open. You can't really like if half the view is blocked, somebody's where the blocked view is. Thankfully, their home security system captured some of these eerie events for the world to see. It's just p being pulled straight towards the goddamn door. Like, come on, guys. Somebody's sitting in there with a string and they've just yanked it through the yanked the string through the slats. >> In this first clip, we see some of the eerie activity playing out. And it's been opened with a string by the woman who's by the closet. Look at that. Look at how far into the closet she gets. Telling me somebody can't walk all the way in. It's super convenient that the door is perfectly open right there. It's open just enough so that they can pull it with a string and not have to worry about it. Like you don't have to unlatch the door. It's already open. You know what I'm trying to say here? It's already open. Try harder. >> Another recording shows more unsettling events. A rocking chair gently swaying in the dead of night. These unnerving incidents were just the beginning of Ashley's haunted house chronicles. in a rocking chair that's being rocked towards the door as if somebody hasn't attached a string right here and then just brought it underneath the door and is just pulling the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] string. It's too convenient. Oh, look, a second angle. Oh, look, a third angle. All the angles, but conveniently none that can see the floor right here. Night vision has this funny way. Why does this look familiar? Is this the purse person? The person who has the purse falling off the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] No. Security camera here. Security camera here. Security camera here. This security camera would be securing the front end of the house. This security camera could be doing the back end of the house. There's another security camera up here. You've set four security cameras up in redundancy specifically for the purposes of recording a paranormal video where none of the cameras have an accurate and clear shot, a close clear shot of the actual floor by the rocking chair. There is a string running from the rocking chair from here to here cuz the only camera that we see showing this scene interesting. Why don't we see that security camera feed? That's the only security camera that could see the string. The situation escalated one fateful night as Ashley was engrossed in a late night viewing of Hamilton. At the eerie hour of 4:00 a.m., she spots this. There appears to be a dark figure lurking just outside her back window. Okay. So, somebody's outside. Husband or wife? We don't see that both the people are inside the house. So, one of them are outside like bottom tier ghost videos. >> This encounter prompted Ashley to take drastic measures, seeking refuge in her car for a night. Make this make sense to me. You saw a ghost outside of your house. You got scared. You felt like you were in danger. The ghost is outside your house or the entity or the person. You take refuge in the car that's also outside your house. You go from having brick walls and a glass window to the outside to being in a confined space surrounded by glass and you expect me to believe that that makes a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lick of sense? You're either the dumbest person on the planet Darwin award will be presented to you accordingly or you're full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think it's both >> and a lot of stuff that I'm just not comfortable staying around. So, I decided to sleep in my car. I drove to my husband's work and I'm just going to stay in my car for the night until he gets off so I'm not alone. I've got the pups with me as well. >> Both. >> Undeterred by fear, Ashley decided to engage with the other worldly entities she believed inhabited her home. Armed with a spirit box, she attempts to make contact, but the session takes a chilling turn. Watching that again, a bottle of holy water inexplicably topples over. >> Immediately when her hand twitches right there, the bottle tips over at the exact same time. She's standing there. She looks down. She grabs the string. And then when she pulls it, the bottle falls over, followed quickly by the spirit box crashing to the ground. It was sitting like somewhere over here. >> It's not a spirit box at the handheld radio. It's just a regular radio. and it fell over because it's sitting up on its on its back like positioned against that soap dispenser. You can see that it doesn't get knocked over. It just falls over because of the freaking le the lever effect, the lever effect from the extra weight from the antenna is pulling it back this way. It doesn't matter if you if you take something that's like super light. If you hold it right in the middle, it's balanced. It's not going to be super heavy. If you hold it right by the end, it's heavier. because there's a downward force, you know, because of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gravity. It doesn't matter how small and thin it looks or how light it is to you. It's only light to you because you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] giant compared to it. All it did was just slide down. It didn't fall down. It didn't get knocked over. It just slid down. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. The relentless haunting eventually reached a >> It is the purse lady. Oh, it is the purse lady. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Breaking point for Ashley and her boyfriend, leading them to make the difficult decision to sell their home and seek sanctuary elsewhere. Everything moves outside of the view. Outside of view, overexposed camera is faced directly at a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] window that's overexposing the image so that it's dark on the inside. They know exactly what they're doing. This wasn't an accident. Why the hell do you have a random security camera pointed directly at these windows? Have you experienced somebody trying to smash that window before? Are you planning on opening the blinds so we get a clear view of anybody who's coming in and looking at the front door or it's looking through the window? No. You literally position that security camera there specifically so that you can capture that chair moving, which by the way, a lot of chairs just move because there's barely ever you can barely ever find a floor that's level or your chair isn't level anymore because your fat ass sitting on it has warped it to the point where it's now settled into one side. So, the chair turns. But let's just say that's probably not what's happening. Somebody's on the floor there with their hand moving the chair around because it's overexposed. You can't see the purse falling off the the counter in this clip here is just a piece of string that's been yanked from the side here. This is the security camera that we only ever see when it doesn't see the string. And as for this chair, this chair is being pulled out by the left rear left leg by somebody who's lying on the floor right here and just pulling it. Why is the video flipped? This is so low effort. It's just it's embarrassing to see people try to put stuff like this out as paranormal evidence. You've got nothing here. Nothing. You're probably worse than Smug Puppy. >> With each unsettling video, the line between the natural and supernatural becomes increasingly blurred, leaving viewers to draw their own conclusions about the existence of spirits among us. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. You got a bad case of gravity. There's a little bit of extra gravity over there. Never cross my feet again. San Antonio, Texas boasts many tourist attractions, but perhaps none as mysterious as the alleged paranormal phenomena surrounding the railroad tracks along Shane Road. Nestled within this bustling city lies an intersection that's become shrouded in a chilling urban legend, captivating locals and visitors alike with its mysterious tales. Why the hell are you walking barefoot on train tracks? Jesus, I have enough problems with the freaking stones at the local beach. Uh, >> ranked among the world's 10 most haunted cities by National Geographic. >> The National Geographic called this a haunted city, the the Nature magazine, the one that's rooted in fact. Even they're going with paranormal, that doesn't mean that the paranormal exists. That means that they stopped selling magazines and now they're going to turn into one of those [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] National Inquirer tabloid things with Bat Boy. And Antonio is no stranger to Tales the Supernatural. Yet, the law surrounding the intersection of Shane Road takes on a life of its own, drawing in thrill seekers and skeptics alike. The legend surrounding the tracks varies with locals recounting different stories passed down through generations. >> Nothing is less reliable than familial stories passed down through generations where the details get muddied after every retelling. One prevalent tale tells of a tragic incident in the 1930s or 40s involving a school bus and an oncoming train. According to this narrative, the bus stalled on the tracks, resulting in a devastating collision that claimed the lives of the children on board. The bus was hit, killed 24 children. Didn't happen in Texas. It happened just outside of Salt Lake City in Utah. On that fateful December morning, a school bus heading to Jordan High School was driving driving through the first snowstorm of the winter, which made it hard to see. Near the railroad crossing at 1,00 10,200 south and 400 west, the driver stopped the bus and opened the doors to look beyond the thick fog, but didn't see anything. What the bus driver didn't see was the 80 plus car, the flying ute train, approaching at over 50 mph. At 8:43 a.m., the bus was slowly moving forward across the tracks when the speeding train tore into the side of the bus. The driver Ferald Silox and 23 of the students were killed that day and the accident remains the worst school bus train crash in US history. The 15 survivors faced a lifetime fear, serious physical injuries, and emotional scars. In the wake of the horrific crash, national regulations for the installation of mechanical crossing arms and other national railroad crossing regulation were implemented that they are that are still in place today. One of those regulations was the mandatory requirement for bus drivers to not only stop at a railroad crossing, but also open their door and driver's side. uh window to look and listen for oncoming trains. It was not in Texas. >> Spurred on by the ghost stories, one local resident back in the early 1990s went to the tracks to take some photos. While she claims not to have seen anything strange at the time when she had the photos developed, something quite striking became evident. It looks like liquid damage to the film. I think you might have gotten your roll of film wet. Well, that's going to do it for today's video. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed the video, hit the like button. Subscribe for more. Click one of these two videos. Check out our merch store, ydsmtore.ca. Check out our channel memberships for access to our Discord that uh with a growing community of like-minded individuals who are interested in debunking videos and sharing scary videos. That's going to do it. I love you. See you tomorrow. Okay, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @elvistheking3577 [3 likes]: The shed video: Kallen says  this was an innacessible area. If it was so innacessible, what are the car and the guy doing there?😅
  2. @elvistheking3577 [1 likes]: Worst than Smug Puppy? Do not forget Puppy had one of their ghost move a can of soda, from one furniture to another, on camera, ON COMMAND 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  3. @mforeman8575 [1 likes]: Obviously the ghost purposely poured the water on the film, living people don’t do that.  😂. Kidding… the ghost didn’t do it on purpose…
  4. @anamutnjakovic8878 [1 likes]: Hiii :_ghostDealwithit:
Companies should bring prizes up for strings. Those ghosts are too cheap to wander around you tube.
Back to work, byeeeeee

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @snipitclipx: Hoping to go viral too
  3. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  4. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  5. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  6. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  7. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  8. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  9. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  10. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  11. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  12. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  13. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  14. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  15. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  16. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  17. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  18. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  19. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  20. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- How to Make EVERY Youtube Short Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en your next YouTube short is going to go viral and here's why in the last year I've made 54 YouTube shorts and six of them have got over 1 million views which means that one in nine of the shorts that I post is going viral and it's not just luck even the shorts that didn't get a million are still getting hundreds and thousands of views and that's because they all follow the exact same blueprint that forces the algorithm to recommend them over and over again so after watching this video your next million view short could be less than nine posts away and if you really follow every single step step that I'm about to tell you it could be your next one now the first thing that you need to get right is something I like to call the 3 second thumbnail and I already know what you're thinking YouTube shorts don't have thumbnails and yep you are technically right but let me explain there are three key elements to a great YouTube thumbnail it's eye-catching it has a clear message and it's intriguing enough to click on and start watching but what's this got to do with shorts when you post a YouTube sh it just gets thrown into the feed with millions of other videos nobody chooses to click on it people just scroll through the selection of videos that YouTube chooses until something catches their eye so the opening 3 seconds of your video needs to convince somebody to stop scrolling and keep watching so this is your 3 second thumbnail your intro needs to include the exact same elements as a great YouTube thumbnail that goes hand inand with your idea and your title you first need to find an irresistible video idea that people want to see more on that later you need to use that idea in the title tying it into some keywords if you can and you need to audibly say the idea in your intro you can do that by posing it as a question or just introducing it as an outrageous concept but there is a right and a wrong way to do this for my viral YouTube short about buying fake YouTube subscribers a bad intro would look something like this I know firsthand that gaining YouTube subscribers takes a really long time so that's why I decided to buy fake YouTube subscribers and see what happens now whilst this example is technically fine it tells the right story and adds the right context it's still way too long it just doesn't capture the main idea quickly enough to grab attention remember you only have 3 seconds if this intro was an actual thumbnail it would be a really overcrowded image which doesn't sell the main message so a much better and more effective intro would be something like this what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscribers and that's what we went for you should always get straight to the point and make viewers feel compelled to carry on watching and you'll always know if your intro is good if over 70% of people choose to watch it instead of swiping away but that's not the whole story if the overall idea behind the intro isn't interesting enough then it still won't work no matter how Punchy it is and finding the very best ideas for your videos isn't always easy but when it comes to my channel we have a method for that all six of my viral shorts are based on long form videos that I'd already made so I'd already done all of the topic research and SEO so in most cases I already knew that these ideas work because they've already got views but even if you don't have a library of long form videos to look back on you can still very easily find good ideas that work you need to research your Niche know your competitors and see which con concepts are working for them then put your own spin on them my fake subscribers idea has been done a million times before in a million different shorts but I put my own spin on it I added some extra value and it worked the truth is most viewers on YouTube Love recognizable Concepts because they know what to expect and by the way you shouldn't just use YouTube as inspiration either posts that go viral on any other platform are also a great place to find ideas because again there's proof that people are interested in them tweets or Instagram posts can be a great source of facts or interesting perspectives that can be turned into shorts videos but sadly finding a great idea and grabbing attention in those first 3 seconds just isn't enough in fact if your overall retention is below 70% I guarantee you'll stop getting views you want every retention graph to look like this and not like this think of every shorts video as a sandwich and the 3second thumbnail is just the bread you now need to fill those slices with something delicious in the form of your storytelling and the very best way to do that is by adding more 3second thumbnails to your video your intro grabs the attention of somebody who's scrolling which opens up something called a curiosity Loop now that you've grabbed their interest at the start that needs to pay off by the end this is now an open loop that needs closing or they won't be satisfied so if you ask a question in your intro that needs to be answered by The End by opening up multiple other Loops throughout the video you tighten your grip on the attention of the audience just when they're thinking of swiping up you need to re-engage them with another loop and convince them to stay and as you can see when you put all of these loops on top of each other it sort of starts to look like a sandwich sort of in this same fake subscribers video I used four more mini hooks throughout the 32 second short and they come in all sorts of different forms one of them is a Twist one of them is a joke to break up the tempo the other two just hint that something bad is about to happen so it gives a reason to carry on watching and the best way to make sure you're putting together the best sandwich possible is to have a recipe you need to write a script for every single video this process helps to condense the information to the Bare Essentials and avoid any repetition or rambling if you already have a long form script from a previous video this can make things a little bit easier because it's normally just a case of condensing that down removing all of the filler and just keeping those essential moments add in those mini thumbnail moments and if you really want to boost your overall retention there's something else you have to try now a lot of people in the comments have told me that they hate this method and granted it is a little bit of a gimmick but the fact of the matter is it works this shorts retention graph is flat which means that most people aren't leaving my video at the end and this makes the algorithm love you and one of the main reasons why it's so flat is because of what happens right at the end of this short I stopped getting recommended as well so that is what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscri notice how this video Never sounds like it's wrapping up and it seamlessly Loops back around to the start of the video and again this is why scripting is such an important step you need to plan for these moments before you film and from here we get to the most important step to send multiple videos into the millions of views you need to repeat this process exactly I followed these exact exact tips for every single one of my viral shorts they're all based on great long form ideas they have quick strong intros they have multiple mini intros throughout and they all loop back around to the start they're all at a very similar duration I use the same background music in every upload I even film in the same place being successful with YouTube shorts is about repeating a blueprint that works but also don't panic if your videos don't get views right away all of my viral shorts took about 3 months before they really blew up so be patient and if you got the formula right the views will come but if your YouTube shorts still aren't getting views even after months and months of uploading I guarantee there's two things that you're getting wrong and I tell you how to fix them right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @FliterKing-Sub [1 likes]: Never got more than 100 Subscribers ❤
  2. @Wannwarstdu: How do you get subscribers from shorts? I get practically none...hope some small creators can give me tips! Everything's appreciated! God bless 😊
  3. @marcusss4-m3e: Really enjoyed this! The energy and creativity in the video are great — definitely something that makes scrolling feel fun and fresh 😊🔥. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @Chillerpati11: Thanks for the video! Please tell us about the paid method of increasing the number of views on YouTube shorts
  5. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my channel is going to grow
  6. @AlloraFashionStore: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..
  7. @AtoZ_453: Idk man ive got 16 shorts not 1 has gone past 50 so idk what your on about
  8. @Ibra-Ker: I hope we will get there one day 😅😂
  9. @GKCharlie1: Thanks for video! Hopefully, I can get some more views and subscribers!
  10. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: I pray we all make it
  11. @bellemaher4059: Nice
  12. @DarkProductions2026: I MEANT ITT. No matter how many videos I watch. i can never ever get my shorts to go viral 😢 I just wish one could get over 10k views that way I don't feel like nothing 😊😊😊😊
  13. @junriesaplad6998vlog: @junriesaplad6998vlog.Good morning idol..
  14. @Whoppss-q6q: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows  more
  15. @techmindknowledge: Thanks 500 subscribe 🎉
  16. @updateswithocydun: Good you 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Purblic: Buy subs is No use, i using ur idea trying ty
  18. @VoixduSuccès-c6k: Merci, peut tu m'aider
  19. @prm4uofficial: Момент про структуру "зацепка → развитие → payoff" в первые 3 секунды — ключевой, но есть нюанс: алгоритм сейчас сильно учитывает не просмотры, а сигналы удовлетворённости (сохранения и репосты), поэтому стоит добавлять в конце ролика элемент, который хочется переслать другу — неожиданный факт или мини-инструкцию. Кстати, заметили ли вы разницу в охватах у шортсов, где люди активно комментируют, vs тех, где больше лайков? 🤔
  20. @ADAMANTGRIND: Im Doing average 1k views on Shorts, but it already feels Like I am a Big YouTuber ,  so i just keep posting and motivating People.

- 5 Ways to Get Viral Video Ideas (Every YouTuber Should Know): Kind: captions Language: en I use five main strategies to come up with viral video ideas that get views like this for myself and also my clients and in this video I'm going to share all five of them with you so that you'll never run out of Banger video ideas ever again so let's start with strategy number one the absurdity formula the absurdity formula relies on creating content that is within the realm of possibility but is so absurd that it seems almost impossible and I'm going to show you how to use it for yourself in the early days of YouTube it wasn't that hard to get a ton of views if you knew what you were doing because the standards for Content were so much lower than what they are now for example 6 years ago Mr Beast published this video where he gave away $10,000 which was absolutely crazy for the time it ended up getting 10 million views whereas this video on giving away $10,000 that was posted by a Creator who has way more subs than Mr Beast did at the time only got 35,000 views which is pretty good nonetheless but is a long shot off of Mr B's 10 million nowadays if an unknown Creator were to publish this video it would probably struggle to even crack 1,000 views potentially because giving away $10,000 in a video is no longer absurd enough because it's been done so many times to weigh bigger scales so to use the absurdity formula you need to come up with ideas that people think are absurd or aren't possible on my old gamedev Channel Nate Dev I created a video called I made a game in one line of code which got over 2 million views the reason this video did so well is that most people understand that even small video games require hundreds if not thousands of lines of code to make them work so doing it in one line of code was crazy to people however I mentioned earlier that it also needs to be within the realm of possibility despite seeming almost impossible and this is important because if you make an absurd claim and then don't deliver on it in the video your viewers will get upset and click off your video killing its performance on the flip side if you make a bold claim like I did and then actually deliver on it you'll get way more clicks on your video than you even know it to do with in fact I literally did this with two other videos on the exact same channel that did the same thing as the first so to use this technique for yourself you want to first put yourself in the mind of the viewer and then write down 10 to 20 absurd video ideas don't even worry about whether these ideas are possible right now just generate the absolute best videos you can think of for example if you make Finance content you might want to make a video called I don't know I built a$0 million business in 24 hours or if you make cooking videos for example maybe you'll come up with a video called cooking a five-star gourmet meal with $5 just make sure your ideas don't seem too impossible or viewers will think you're lying and won't click and once you've written down a bunch of video ideas you'll want to figure out exactly how you're going to deliver on them which might seem really difficult until you get creative and realize that you can cap a little bit if you just follow it up with a super educational or entertaining video to make up for it for example in this video where I made a game without using my computer I technically made the game without using my computer because I actually ended up calling my friends on my phone and telling them how to make the game with their computers and the only reason this worked and didn't feel like clickbait to my audience is because I followed it up with a super entertaining story and video but if this strategy doesn't end up working as well as you'd like then don't worry because I have four more strategies that I'm going to show you for coming up with viral video ideas which leads me on to number two the social hack social hacking involves creating an idea that capitalizes on familiarity and relevance even large Brands like Nike outside of YouTube use social hacking like when they partnered with Michael Jordan to create the Jordan shoe line and I'm going to show you how you can use this method as well but first take a look at George jenko's Channel you can see that his videos get 10 of thousands of views with the odd video getting a few million views and then bam he creates a video with Andrew Tate becoming his most popular video and gets over 12 million views the reason social hacking he knew that his core audience was in the range of 18 to 25-year-old men and what is this audience love Andrew Tate so he got in contact with his best friend Patrick f David asked him to connect with Andrew flew all the way out to Romania and then did a podcast with him he took on a ton of risk but it paid off because of the power of social hacking his audience was super familiar with Andrew so they clicked right away now the good news is that you don't even need to have somebody famous come onto your channel to utilize social hacking instead you can always just capitalize on stuff that's currently trending for example the game power world recently blew up so on our client's Channel we knew a video about it would probably do well however every single video about po World circulating YouTube at the time was talking about the game's controversies and we knew that if we didn't do something different we just get lost in the SE of video saying the exact same stuff over and over again and probably wouldn't get fused so we took a different approach and instead focused on PO world's marketing success and it became a 20x outlier on the channel pulling in over 20,000 views on a newish 300 sub Channel and speaking of outliers let's move on to number three the outlier method an outlier is a video that performs extremely well compared to everything else on a given Channel now a lot of outliers come as a result of luck but these days there are tools that specifically help you find outliers and I'm going to show you the one that I use every single day so first you'll want to find niches that are adjacent to yours meaning you share a very similar audience with them for example the Roblox Niche is very adjacent to the Minecraft Niche the female fashion Niche is adjacent to the male fashion Niche and the YouTube education Niche is actually adjacent to the finance Niche basically F niches with a very high audience overlap to yours then you'll want to use the tool one of 10 to search these niches for videos that are huge outliers and then adapt them to fit your Niche for example when generating ideas for this channel I search through the finance Niche because it has a very similar audience to the YouTube education Niche and found Alex horos video if I wanted to become a millionaire in 2024 this is what I would do full blueprint which was a pretty big outlier I then adapted it for my own channel and created the video the blueprint to blow up on YouTube in 2024 and it got a one of 10 almost instantly one of 10 has also been kind enough to sponsor this video but I genuinely use this tool every single day to give myself fresh inspiration for video ideas on a plethora of different channels I'm working on and it's never let me down in fact it's literally the third tab in my bookmark marks bar for easy access and for good reason so if you want to use one of 10 like I do then click the link in the description below for a 20% off discount code next up is number four the research tab alongside recommendations a lot of viewers also find videos through YouTube search features and you can use that to your advantage with the research technique to use this technique you want to first go to YouTube Studio analytics and then click the research tab where you'll be able to see things that viewers of your channel are searching for when looking for a video in fact it'll also show you searches that had what YouTube calls content gap which are gaps in the market where there's high demand for a specific search term and not a lot of Supply or you know content to deliver on that search term so if you're ever stuck for a topic idea I suggest checking out the research tab on your channel and using a Content Gap search you already know people want it and that in turn will increase the chances of it going viral if again you follow it up with a banger video and finally number five is the recommendation station the recommendation station is the simplest of the five strategies to keep it simple here's a quick tutorial on how to do it first you want to download the one of 10 Chrome extension using my link in the description below then you'll want to go to the YouTube recommendations page and the one of 10 Chrome extension will then give you the outlier scores on the side of each video once you find a video that is in a niche that's somewhat adjacent to yours you can then just repackage that video and then use it on your own channel very similar to how we do it with the one of 10 tool except it's so much easier and you can even do this while you're on a break watching YouTube or doing anything else anyway I hope you found this video useful and if I missed any of your favorite ways to come up with video ideas then just just comment them down below so that I can make another video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Youmeandneurodiversity [2 likes]: Validated content idea mining = the best way to come up with video ideas. Look for ideas that have already resonated with the audience in your niche on YouTube, (videos that have more views than subs for that channel. For example, 10,000 views but only 2,000 subs is audience growing). Watch it, make notes, understadn what specific “problem” the video is solving. Then go read the comments, look for what people thought the video did well/did bad. Look to understand the specific problem better than anyone else. Then from that data, formulate your own idea. And there can be 3 simple variations. It can be different take of the idea, it can be a vertical exploration of the idea that precedes, or procedes the idea, or it can be a side side step of the idea, so something very similar but in a slightly different niche for example.
  2. @declaredgoose [1 likes]: I thought the ad was the video🥀
  3. @20shots99 [1 likes]: I cant edit like that its too hard😢
  4. @BaHiepDo-e3g [1 likes]: I admire your creativity.
  5. @ambientworldsoundscapes [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips! I've just started my first channel, a mix of asmr whisper english lessons and beautiful atmospheric music. I'm small and new but wanting to bring some much needed joy to the world. ♥️
  6. @Punjabijatt-x8c: ❤❤🎉🎉
  7. @tubaughloohoo: Are my new videos fire?
  8. @RedstoneXavier: It no work work tho
  9. @FNAF2great: Dude I’m young I can’t do these things (11 years old)
  10. @dancer.Aryan.77: ❤❤
  11. @TheGAMERDyl4n: Okay yeah this is fucking stupid
  12. @102markdude: I kept guessing what to upload until I started using a tool that shows which videos actually overperform in a niche. Planning feels way less random now. Tool is in my bio
  13. @CoreAnimates-cs: Thanks for the video ideas
  14. @TheGAMERDyl4n: You know not everyone makes content for kids
  15. @vidIQHub: good edit
  16. @UbiybBiubiub: Tysm bro. I made 60k in 20 days. And 60k subs on my channel, not this one, but a diff channel
  17. @ReallyFlippy: I’d reckon half of the population YouTubers used this tutorial. Amazing!
  18. @NovyTom83: This breakdown of the Absurdity Formula and Outlier Method is a game-changer🚀 Most creators just guess, but using data to find adjacent niche winners is the real secret sauce to growth. Thanks for the 1of10 tool recommendation
  19. @kovlolz: he copied my pfp
  20. @sloanteehee: your final tip is to STEAL content? geez man... that is rough.

- How I Actually Make Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en My shorts channel has over 20 million views&nbsp; and many viral videos. But my recent shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; aren’t really doing well. Most of them stuck&nbsp; after getting that first few thousand views,&nbsp;&nbsp; again, and again, and again. I need&nbsp; to break this cycle. So in this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will try to create a short&nbsp; completely from scratch,&nbsp;&nbsp; get at least 1 million views, and show how&nbsp; much money I made from it. Let’s dive in! - What day is it? + It’s 7 august 2023 - We need to find Isaac… At the end of this video, you will have a&nbsp; viral strategy to use in your next shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a full guide on how to make it no matter your&nbsp; niche, or experience. It’s not one of those “use&nbsp;&nbsp; chatgpt and canva to make 300 videos in 30&nbsp; minutes”, or “use this website to make clips&nbsp;&nbsp; from interviews” kind of tutorial. I tried all&nbsp; of them, and trust me, they don’t work. AT ALL!&nbsp;&nbsp; You will end up getting 0 views after all the&nbsp; effort you put in. And even if you magically&nbsp;&nbsp; get 10 million views with those ai-generated&nbsp; shorts, you can’t monetize it anyways! Because&nbsp;&nbsp; youtube doesn’t monetize repetitive content.&nbsp; And well, posting 300 mass-produced videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; is repetitive as jeff! Back to the video. So do&nbsp; not expect a copy paste tutorial here. You need&nbsp;&nbsp; to put in the work and learn how to make a viral&nbsp; short. We will go from finding the video idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; to writing the script, voiceover, editing,&nbsp; captions, music, sound effects, and... BUT FIRST, we need a new strategy… This is my shorts channel. Where I make&nbsp; videos about Marvel movies. And this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the viral recipe I’ve been using&nbsp; to make my shorts. It’s basically&nbsp;&nbsp; a list of patterns that I saw in my&nbsp; high-performing videos. Even though&nbsp;&nbsp; it helped me get some viral shorts&nbsp; before, it’s not as effective anymore. You know what Einstein says? “Insanity,&nbsp;&nbsp; is doing the same thing over and over&nbsp; again, and expecting different results”. And I’m not insane… Yet. So we need an update. I’m gonna do&nbsp; some research to find out what works on the&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts right now. I’ll be back soon. So, after 3&nbsp; hours of serious research, here’s the new spell. Now, let’s get to work. This was the first mistake I was making in my&nbsp; old videos. And if you can’t make a viral short,&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s probably what you’re missing&nbsp; as well. If you have a bad video idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can’t make it go viral no matter how&nbsp; good you write your script or edit. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pick a killer video idea? Just look&nbsp; out for trends in your niche. Or even better,&nbsp;&nbsp; implement a trend into your niche. Of course,&nbsp; taking an old topic and adding your spice may&nbsp;&nbsp; work as well. But we’re trying to increase our&nbsp; chances to the max. A short about a new Marvel&nbsp;&nbsp; movie has a higher chance of going viral than&nbsp; an interview with the Spiderman actor published&nbsp;&nbsp; six years ago. So, I’m gonna look to Google Trends&nbsp; for a new movie that fans are excited about. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don’t even need to look there, because I’m a fan&nbsp; myself. I know Loki Season 2 has a new trailer.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s the advantage of being a part of your&nbsp; audience. If you’re passionate about your niche,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know what’s trending. Wait!&nbsp; You know this guy? He’s the guy from&nbsp;&nbsp; that movie (Everything Everywhere All At&nbsp; Once). I saw his speech at the Oscars. Mom, I just won an Oscar! Very emotional... Anyways, we got the video idea! Now, when it comes to scripting a short, I&nbsp; always thought I should keep my scripts as&nbsp;&nbsp; short as possible. Like a boxer punching&nbsp; his opponent and stepping back. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; if everything stays the same, which video will&nbsp; get more views? The one with a higher retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? But here’s the catch. Even if it&nbsp; has a higher retention, YouTube is more&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to promote the longer one, at least in&nbsp; my experience. I don’t really know the reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it’s probably because it keeps the viewer&nbsp; longer in the platform. And if they take retention&nbsp;&nbsp; as the main metric, people would just upload&nbsp; 1-second videos to get 1000% retention and go&nbsp;&nbsp; viral. Which is not what YouTube wants. Plus,&nbsp; YouTube shows longer shorts on the home page,&nbsp;&nbsp; where people are less likely to skip. Fun&nbsp; fact, my most viewed short got 70% of its&nbsp;&nbsp; views from the home page. Alright, here’s the&nbsp; actual data by this legend (Nate Black) that&nbsp;&nbsp; shows the duration of viral shorts. What I’m&nbsp; trying to say is, make your shorts longer. Take&nbsp;&nbsp; time to dive deeper into the details and&nbsp; make it at least this long (half a page). Another thing that will definitely help,&nbsp; is a strong hook, to make them curious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stop scrolling. For example: In Loki season 2, we saw this guy as a TVA worker The point here is, Loki season 2 isn’t&nbsp; released yet. So that would make viewers like,&nbsp;&nbsp; “Dude, you gave me heartattack! I&nbsp; thought Loki Season 2 got released” That’s exactly the reaction we&nbsp; want to get with the hook. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe that was too specific, and may not&nbsp; work for every niche. Here’s another one. Tom Holland knows more than you think (Jumpscare) Did you see what happened there? The first line&nbsp; made the viewer wonder, what does he know? And&nbsp;&nbsp; the jumpscare made them laugh. So they probably&nbsp; stayed till the end. Otherwise, (jumpscare). If you didn’t catch it, we’re making&nbsp; a video about the story of this actor,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ke Huy Quan. Which is a story by itself. But even&nbsp; though it’s less than a minute, adding some kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of story to your shorts makes people watch to&nbsp; learn what happens at the end. I’m too lazy&nbsp;&nbsp; to do the research, so I’ll ask Bing to write me&nbsp; the whole career of our guy. AI automation, huh? After taking useful parts and putting in&nbsp; a story, here’s the next point. Hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; the story from only one person is okay, but&nbsp; we can take it to the next level by adding&nbsp;&nbsp; another speaker. Get footage of someone&nbsp; else to tell some parts of the story,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just add memes. Remember the Oscar&nbsp; speech? I’m gonna use it for my short. I just won an Oscar! Still, very emotional Which leads us to the next key. Adding&nbsp; some kind of emotion. It can be laughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; fear, motivation, happiness or&nbsp; any emotion you can think of. Don't question my sense of humor. Now you have two options. If you have a sexy&nbsp; voice, just take a microphone and read through&nbsp;&nbsp; your script. But I guess most of you are&nbsp; interested in the second option. Using, AI. Alright, there are tons of text-to-speech&nbsp; tools out there. But the one I use is called,&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs. In fact, the voice you’re listening&nbsp; to right now, is made by this thing. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a link in the description if you wanna check it&nbsp; out. Now all you need to do, is choose a voice,&nbsp;&nbsp; or generate a custom one, and paste&nbsp; your script to generate the voiceover. In Loki Season 2, we saw this guy as a TVA worker. It’s fine, but we can take it to the next level.&nbsp; Use commas, exclamation marks, and capital letters&nbsp;&nbsp; to get different tones. And generating it a&nbsp; few times also helps to get the best result. I will show this part in Premiere Pro, but you&nbsp; can do the same in every editing software. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure we’re on the same&nbsp; page, drag the windows around,&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a similar setup. It should look like this&nbsp; at the end. Or use whatever setup works for you. Take the voiceover you generated&nbsp; and import it to your project,&nbsp;&nbsp; then drag it to the timeline. Take the razor tool&nbsp; and cut all the pauses. Now, overlap the clips to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a faster pacing. Listen to see if it’s natural&nbsp; or not. And repeat this for the whole voiceover. Nice job! Now, we need footage to add on top. For videos,&nbsp; go to YouTube, search for things related to your&nbsp;&nbsp; topic, and download them with a random website.&nbsp; If you need more stock videos and images,&nbsp;&nbsp; use Pexels. Then, take all that footage&nbsp; and import to premiere. Cover all your&nbsp;&nbsp; voiceover with related clips. Don’t forget&nbsp; to add 1 or 2 interaction clips to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewers engaged. Look at that! You&nbsp; just made a rough cut for your video. Now the fun part begins. First, resize&nbsp; all your clips to fit the screen. Use&nbsp;&nbsp; keyframes to add zoom-ins, zoom-outs, and&nbsp; camera movements. To make them smoother,&nbsp;&nbsp; click this button, click a keyframe, and drag&nbsp; these handles closer to each other. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes the movement start slowly, go faster,&nbsp; and then slow down again. Looks better. This guy says adding some graphics like&nbsp; circles and arrows increases the engagement And actually the short I create in the&nbsp; video now has over 38 million views. Wow. So I added a bunch of things here and there,&nbsp; and used keyframes again to track points. You can’t find a single short without this one.&nbsp; It’s a magical element that is stupidly simple,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet increases the retention so much. This&nbsp; part is based on personal preference and&nbsp;&nbsp; branding of your channel. But to give you a&nbsp; reference, I use yellow text on a black box,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2 sizes. One small, for regular captions,&nbsp; and one big, for highlighting important points.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are the settings that I use if you want&nbsp; to replicate a similar style. But as I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s nice to make a custom one for yourself.&nbsp; That way people can immediately recognize it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; your video, and stop scrolling. That’s not the&nbsp; case if you’re using an automatic caption app or&nbsp;&nbsp; something. Because everyone else is using it too.&nbsp; That doesn’t make your channel SPECIAL, does it?&nbsp;&nbsp; So play around, make different variations, sizes,&nbsp; colors, and once you’re happy with the look,&nbsp;&nbsp; choose all the effects, and make a preset&nbsp; for each style to use it next time. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; hold alt, drag it for each new text, and change&nbsp; the words. Done! But something is still missing… Sound effects is a different video topic by&nbsp; itself, but if you have never used them before,&nbsp;&nbsp; and don’t know where to start, a free pack from&nbsp; youtube would do the job. If you need more,&nbsp;&nbsp; search on YouTube, like tension sound&nbsp; effect. Whoosh sound effect. Cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effect. Laugh sound effect. You got&nbsp; the point. Once you added enough of those,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjusted the volume, the&nbsp; final touch is, adding some music. Using a trending song would be a nice&nbsp; choice, but I like to go through the&nbsp;&nbsp; songs I personally listen to, and choose&nbsp; the one that fits in the video. Just be&nbsp;&nbsp; careful and don’t make it too loud.&nbsp; Otherwise, you may get comments like It looks too dark and pale. The solution is&nbsp; creating an adjustment layer. It basically affects&nbsp;&nbsp; everything underneath. To play with the colors&nbsp; of the whole video, cover the entire timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the effects panel, and search for lumetri&nbsp; color. Drag it to the adjustment layer. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; make it BRIGHT AND COLORFUL! Maybe not that much.&nbsp; Increase the exposure if it’s too dark, give a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of saturation, contrast, and play around to find&nbsp; what works for you. Just don’t get too extreme.&nbsp;&nbsp; Before finishing, I like to add this light&nbsp; effect on top of everything. I don’t know why Finally, we can export the final video It’s been 24 hours since I&nbsp; released the short. And it got… 5000 views. What? All that effort was for this? 5000 views?!&nbsp; People are right. It’s just luck. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; no formula for success in shorts. Maybe&nbsp; I should’ve chosen a better topic. The&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wasn’t good enough. Why would&nbsp; anyone even watch this piece of sheet?! The goal was to reach a million&nbsp; views. And now we’re here… - Having a bad day? + Yeah… I was just... - I know… Don’t be sad, mate.&nbsp; It’s been only 24 hours. + Hey dow'd you know m... - Rome wasn’t built in a day. Look at your old&nbsp; videos. Which one went viral on the first day? + None of them - None of them… Just give it a bit&nbsp; more time before losing your hope. + Yeah, you’re right. - And don’t just sit and wait there&nbsp; for the result. Putting all your hope&nbsp;&nbsp; on a single video, is insanity.&nbsp; And oh you’re not insane. Right? + Einstein? - Yeah, but that's not the point.&nbsp; Look, you’ve got a solid formula.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep making more videos. You’ll&nbsp; improve your skills with each one. + Okay. I don’t know who you are, but&nbsp; thanks man. I needed to hear that. - You’re welcome, my man… Remember,&nbsp; it’s a journey. Not a destination It’s been 30 days since I published&nbsp; that short. And while waiting,&nbsp;&nbsp; I made 5 more videos with the same&nbsp; formula. So, did it get 1 million views? No, it didn’t… BECAUSE IT GOT 2 MILLION!!&nbsp; After all that research, scripting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and editing, the formula actually&nbsp; worked! But that’s not all. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; what I said about choosing trendy topics? A short about a new Marvel movie has&nbsp; a higher chance of going viral than&nbsp;&nbsp; an interview with the Spiderman&nbsp; actor published six years ago Well, I was wrong. I made a short&nbsp; about that interview. And it got 7&nbsp;&nbsp; million views! It’s now the highest-viewed&nbsp; video on the entire channel. So we got 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million views in less than a month.&nbsp; Earned 5 times more revenue than&nbsp;&nbsp; the channel’s entire history, and&nbsp; brought the channel back on track. So here’s the recipe and everything I used,&nbsp;&nbsp; packed in a single video. Just adjust them&nbsp; for your niche, and make your own list. However… The last short I published&nbsp; was one month ago. Views are going&nbsp;&nbsp; down again. The channel is losing&nbsp; traction. I need to break this cycle. But I guess, this time I'm not alone. So, let’s do it one last time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  2. @haydert-e9s: Good advice fr
  3. @vivik-20: Oh god! It's my first time watching your videos. I have watched 2 videos and they are just amazing 🫡 Master of " quality over quantity " 👍
  4. @Dahooperseditz: Deserved my follow actually worked
  5. @ShortShorts150: i appreciate you
  6. @ImRunningOnJava: the editing style on this was actually addictive ngl 😭 every few seconds something new was happening so my attention span stayed locked in the whole time
  7. @Spenditorloseit: I'll just keep on making videos till it virals 😂. Not expecting anything
  8. @ToonWars17: Hey Isaac, make a video on how to come up with good ideas.
  9. @Liilreseshorts: Subscribe for more
  10. @StudioSPL1: i will go viral on my new channel!
  11. @ItsjustMEykidk: peak
  12. @VeloxityMotivation: why was this video a actual masterpiece
  13. @SmartPerspective-DB: This is course for someone in primary school, i expected some advices, you made a video of how to use editing software.. point is just find actual theme steal videos and thats it you will go viral, if you have guts for it. If you don’t, like me, you will struggle and try to create something interesting.
  14. @ledesrax6998: i really really love your video
  15. @cedricfoyet-kfinance: Amazing one🫡

Thank you for the narrative. It’s so real and motivating!
  16. @thenarrque: how about jails
  17. @UNTAPEDSOUND: you only got 74isch shorts on zio ?
  18. @Leredita-kitchen: Clean look
  19. @Leredita-kitchen: Podium finish
  20. @Boring-Cash: some good stuff right here !!

- I Analyzed 1,000 Viral TikTok Shop Affiliate Videos, Here's What Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en I've analyzed thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos and what I discovered completely changed the way I approach affiliate marketing in 2025. You see, most people think they understand what converts a Tik Tok shop video to sales. But after studying countless successful campaigns, I can tell you that 90% of what you think is true is completely wrong. And I know this because I tracked literally everything. View count, engagement rate, conversions, how long is a video, when did they post the video, what product type is it, you name it. The data does not lie. For example, some of the highest converting videos that I studied had less than 50,000 views, while some of the super viral videos that I studied converted at less than.1%. Which means that viral doesn't always mean it's converting. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the patterns, the formulas, and the strategies that separate the videos that are making serious money and actually converting from the videos that are just racking up views and not converting. So, grab a pen and a piece of paper because this is going to be one of the straight value videos where I just share insights that could save you months of trial and error. Let's jump straight in. Here's the first major discovery that kind of caught me off guard. The most viral videos are not necessarily the most profitable. I've seen videos with 5 million views that don't really convert that well. And then I've seen videos with 200,000 views, for example, that are converting machines. And the difference isn't luck, it's strategy. You see, videos that are made purely to go viral often sacrifice conversion elements. They focus on things like entertainment value, shock factor, trending audios rather than actually just selling the product. Meanwhile, the videos that balance the entertainment along with clear product benefits consistently outperform the pure viral content when it comes to sales. But here's the most important thing to actually remember. The sweet spot that I've discovered is videos that hit anywhere between 100,000 views and 800,000 views with high engagement rates. These videos have enough reach to generate significant sale volume, but they also maintain focus messaging that is needed to drive conversions. The message here is crucial. Don't chase millions of views if it means you're sacrificing the conversion element. A targeted 500,000 views will make you way more money than an unargeted 5 million view video every single time. But views are just the beginning. What I discovered about how top creators actually showcase their product will completely change how you film in the next video. They use something called contract principle. And this completely changed the way I think about product demonstration. Here's the thing. The highest converting videos don't just show the product working. They show the product working compared to the problem that it solves. This before and after approach creates an immediate visual impact which drives conversions through the roof. So for example, opposed to showing a phone case and how it, you know, protects the phone. A great example of this would be showing a phone case breaking and then showing the same scenario where the phone case would solve the problem and save the phone from breaking. This contrast creates an emotional response that regular product demos simply just can't match. And here's why it works so well. It mirrors why people actually make purchasing decisions. They're not just buying your product. They're buying the transformation from their current problem state to their desired solution state. And here's where it gets really interesting. This approach works across every product category. Skincare, show skin issues and then show the improvement. Fitness products, show the struggle and then show the ease. For homegoods, show the mess and inefficiency and then show the solution and how organized it is. For tech products, show the frustration with current options and then show your product solving it. The possibilities here are endless. But here are the key insights to make it actually work. The contrast has to be dramatic and immediate. The bigger the visual difference between the problem and the solution, the higher your conversion rates will be. Now, creating a perfect contrast video is great, but what happens after you go viral? This is where most creators completely drop the ball, costing them thousands of dollars of potential profit. You see, the money isn't in just one viral video. It's in what you do immediately after going viral. I've noticed creators who go viral but don't make significant sales are missing a crucial element, and it's follow-ups. The most successful Tik Tok shop creators use what I call the follow-up formula. And here's what it looks like. Day one, your video goes viral. Day two and three, you can answer the most common questions in the comments. Day four and five, you can create video responses that are addressing purchase objections. And then day six and seven, you can share social proof or testimonial content. And here's why it works so well. When your video goes viral, the Tik Tok algorithm keeps pushing your videos to people who viewed your content previously. This is pretty much just creating a retargeting effect without spending money on ads. The key insight here is this. The viral video attracts attention and hopefully sales, but your follow-up videos convert that attention into a lot of sales. Most creators will make the mistake of trying to go viral again opposed to capitalizing on the existing attention. I've studied creators who consistently convert viral moments into a lot of sales, and they all follow this pattern. They become way more salesy in their follow-up content, directly addressing purchase intent with clear call to actions. Here's the cool thing about it. Your follow-up videos don't need to go crazy viral. They just need to convert the warm audience that already exists created by the viral video. For example, you can do common replies with questions like, "Where can I buy this? What size is it? Is it worth the price? Do they have different colors? But here's where it gets even more interesting. Not all viral content is actually good for your business. In fact, some videos can completely destroy your long-term earning potential. I call this good viral versus bad viral, and the difference determines whether you make money or just waste time. Good viral videos actually work because people genuinely want the product. The engagement is purchase intent focused. Comments asking, "Where can I buy this? Let me know when they restock." Bad viral videos don't work due to controversy, shock factor, or entertainment that's way far away from the product. that has nothing to do with the product. These videos can get millions of views, but they attract the wrong audience and can end up getting literally zero sales. The lesson, don't chase viral moments that aren't aligned with your sales goals. A video with a 100,000 views from people who actually want to buy will always outperform a video with a million views from people who are just entertained. And here's how to make sure you never make that mistake. When creating content, ask yourself, would someone who loves this video also want to buy the product? If the answer is no, don't post it, no matter how viral it might go. Understanding this principle is crucial, but there's something even more important happening behind the scenes that most creators don't even know about. And it explains why some terrible videos consistently outperform professional content. You see, Tik Tok makes money when people buy through the shop feature. It's around 6% on every single sale. This means that they're financially incentivized to push videos that drive purchases, not just views. I've studied hundreds of simple videos, seemingly bad videos that were pushed consistently. They were getting a massive reach and a lot of sales. The common thread wasn't really production quality of the video. It was conversions. Tik Tok's algorithm has learned to find videos that are leading to purchases and they reward those videos with increased distribution regardless of traditional engagement metrics. This creates such a unique opportunity. You can succeed with simple phone videos if you focus on salriving content over entertainment value and the algorithm will amplify your content because guess what? It's profitable for Tik Tok. And here's what this means for you. Focus on clear product benefits over viral trends. Prioritize purchase intent over entertainment value. Use very direct CTAs or call to actions opposed to just like subtly suggesting they buy it. And last, show the products solving a real problem immediately. The most successful videos that I found that converted the best weren't really the most creative or entertaining. They were just the most effective at driving immediate purchase decision. Tik Tok rewards effectiveness over creativity in the shop feature every single day of the week. And now let me share some more actionable insights of videos that I found work best for each niche. For beauty products, it seems like transformation focused videos like before and after elements perform the best. The key in my opinion is showing real immediate results opposed to long-term benefits people want things. Now for fashion items, I've seen a lot of stuff of people wearing multiple outfits with one item. So wearing shorts and then showing a bunch of different outfits you can wear with it. Versatility is the biggest selling point for homegoods. problem-solving demonstrations of the product in real homes, like in real environments, crushes just, you know, showing the product on camera. People need to see a problem and solution, and they need to see the product fit in their actual life. For electronics, comparison content that positions the product against a more expensive alternative, value proposition here is everything. For health and wellness, it seems that personal story content with like a genuine story, it just feels super relatable and it converts best. People need to trust the creator before trusting the product. Now, if you make sure to take all these key insights into account when making your next video, I promise you're going to see your conversion rates spike up. And to finish off, I'll share the three core algorithm principles that make your videos seem highquality versus lowquality in the eyes of Tik Tok. First, the algorithm definitely seems to prioritize authentic engagement over artificial metrics. Videos with genuine comments and meaningful interactions get boosted, while content with hollow engagement gets suppressed. Second, Tik Tok definitely seems to reward educational videos. Videos that can teach, inform, and solve problems consistently outperform videos that just entertain when it comes to conversions. And then third, the algorithm favors creators who consistently drive sales. When your videos regularly result in sales, Tik Tok, I think, sees you as valuable in the shop ecosystem, and they're going to keep pushing your videos. Understanding these algorithm preferences allows you to work with the algorithm opposed to against it. Now, after studying thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos throughout my career, the pattern tells a clear story. Success isn't always about following trends and copying what other people are doing. It's about understanding the psychology of your audience as well as the mechanics of the platform that you're posting on. The creators that are consistently making a lot of money with Tik Tok shop aren't just getting lucky with viral content. They follow specific datadriven strategies that maximize not just reach, but also conversions. The patterns I've shared today represent years of studying successful campaigns and could literally save you months of trial and error. But here's the biggest thing. Knowing the information is only valuable if you implement it. So my challenge to you is very simple. Take one insight, only one insight from what I talked about today, and apply it in your next 10 videos. Track your results and see how it's impacted your performance. And then come back to this video and choose another key element and keep doing that until you nail all of them. Now, if you want access to even deeper insights, specific product recommendations, and my complete Tik Tok shop system that I've used to generate over a million dollars in the past 8 months, click the link in the description to see if you're a good fit for my community. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @naturecaught-1 [2 likes]: people give this content in paid courses and you have provided everything on youtube salute you man
  2. @bigppwillywonka3 [1 likes]: BUY MY COURSE PLEASE 😂🤡🤡🤡
  3. @ShadowManStudios-g6q [1 likes]: The biggest hurdle for most getting 5,000 followers in order to join Tik Tok shop affiliate.
  4. @oswaldoguilarte165: La creatividad digital  debe ser aprovecha por el sistema de pagos de IPweb como una opción de integración  en la nueva tecnología
  5. @Vnx_cr77: Do you have any suggestions, recommendations or tips for book promotion? I promote self help books
  6. @ArtsyLifeStudio: I have a mail club called letters from the garden and how could i create shock factor through art? Ive been trying for years and i had one video go viral from animating my character but i did follow up but im not sure how to balance the viral and audience who want to buy my art that show the difference between the busy digital world versus my slow simple life art
  7. @pepeltr91: Do you have any advice for a leather jacket brand?
  8. @monicapainter11: Thanks for this. Amazing valuable info
  9. @thekeychange: This was fantastic thank you
  10. @absolutelyaryana: You’re so right. I just got active with tts three and a half weeks ago. I have four out of 25 videos with sales and only one product is actually selling on two videos but they were the ONLY videos where I was legit showing a tech product comparing it to other options and showed it solving an in the moment problem immediately.
  11. @strangefruitugc: I saw a 10 pack is men’s shorts in the Product Marketplace and thought about you 😅
  12. @Multi-AccountMastery: C.J., solid data-driven breakdown and the contrast principle is proven. But most creators commit to ONE product angle (like skincare vs fitness vs tech) and burn 2-3 months before realizing the conversion rate is dead. Smart move: test 3-4 product angles in parallel for 7 days—use aged accounts from accsmarket to skip TikTok Shop's 14-day trust-score grind, post identical value but frame it for different avatars, measure which gets best CTR and actual sales, THEN commit your main account to the winner. You compress validation from months to one week and don't waste 80% of your content budget on a dead-end product.
  13. @hadihasanxhartanah: need to post 3 videos per day is a myth?
  14. @MikeandMichelleMeskel: I’ve got some of these pieces in place.. but need to fine tune some things. Thanks for this video.
  15. @naturecaught-1: amazing bro
  16. @DarleneVibes: 💯 🔥🔥🔥 No bs, straight to point, the whole video is MEAT!  Thank-you so much for being real and give us the meat!
  17. @buhaykalsada1992: thank you!!!
  18. @TogoatshiOP: Good video ngl
  19. @alex.cochrane: Fire
  20. @texanscheer09: Thank you SM🖤🖤🖤

- How I Get Over 100,000,000 Views Per Video: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be showing you how you can get access to all my YouTube Secrets everything I use to get over 100 million views a video and the answer is my brand new website that I just launched views.com so if you go to views.com you'll see this right here and you can enter in any YouTube channel you want I'm going to put in Mr Beast my channel boom and when you search a channel it will pull up their Channel page which basically allows you to see the analytics of any channel another thing you can see on a Channel's analytics page that I don't think you can find anywhere else on the Internet is you can see how many views on that channel are coming from long form versus short form let's say a Channel's popping off and getting a billion views a month well if they're getting a billion views a month from short that is completely different than if they're getting a billion views a month from long form and so being able to distinguish the difference is huge and everything you see there is just the beginning because if you hit this videos tab here you can click on any video on my channel we'll just do this ages 1 through 100 decides video you can see the daily viewership for specifically that video right here and you can see every time we Swit the thumbnails with this little icon of ab thumbnail test on top of that you can see what it ranked out of 10 no joke you just click here and then it will show you that that video is 4 out of 10 so without view stats if you wanted to see out of 10 how well a video performed on a channel you couldn't unless you had access to their creator Studio but now you can see any video on all of YouTube what it ranks out of 10 which I thought was pretty cool on top of that you can also see every single AV thumbnail test ran on that video the next tab is called similar channels and this is insane this tab takes your content okay and it looks at all the titles and the content you're making and then it Compares it across our giant data set and shows you other channels that make similar content to you that way if you're looking for someone to collab or you just want to get some inspiration off of people who make similar content it is incredibly easy and we didn't just stop there basically if you go up to the top of view stats you can hit Top subscribers and what it will show you in real time is the most subscribed to YouTube channels on the platform and obviously you can see the most viewed YouTube channels those are pretty standard but where it gets very cool you can also see the top 50 most videos from the previous day you can also see the most of videos on the whole platform in the last 7 days last 28 days even and this is crazy the last year those are all the top charts we currently offer and we're working tirelessly to get more up here we also have a view stats Chrome extension that if you go to the Chrome Store and type in view stats all you have to do is hit add to Chrome just like any other extension hit ADD extension and once you install it whenever you're watching Youtube you'll have this view stats overlay to the right of the video and if you look on the right side of the video now you you'll see an overlay on the video that shows you the daily viewership of the video you can hit compare compare it to my most recent video on my channel you can hit ranking and see what it ranked out of 10 when I uploaded it you can see the overview of my channel and so much more all without having to leave YouTube everything I've showed you so far is 100% free but we didn't just stop here we wanted to build some even crazier tools that we're putting behind view stats Pro because these things literally cost millions of dollars to operate and I can't afford to give them away for free on the free site with everything else and view stats Pro is going to blow your mind and I'm going to explain it to you now the first tool I want to show you guys is called outliers and what outlier means is if you have a Channel with let's say 10,000 subscribers and they get 100 views on their first video 100 views on their second video but their fourth video gets 100,000 views that fourth video got a thousand times the views of the other three videos it didn't just go viral randomly it either was a good title thumbnail the content something something about that video was special that caused it to do multiples better than the channel average which is why we label that in outlier and we store all of them here so you can use them for inspiration on top of that we built a very robust filtering system you can say I only want to see outliers that have over a million views on channels over 100,000 subscribers that did at least 10x the average views on that channel in the last 90 days that was a lot of filters and boom look at how quick that loaded and all those parameters are now in place we went all out on this outlier tool to make it as easy as possible for you to just brainstorm viral ideas and grow your viewership now I'm going to show you the second tool on view stats Pro and I got to sit up for this one cuz it's going to blow your mind okay I don't even know how we built this it's called thumbnail search and you can type in whatever you want and it will pull up thumbnails for you to get inspired off of okay let's say I'm a farmer and I want to do a video on my tractor I'm just going to type in something very descriptive a person standing next to a tractor right let's say I filmed a video of my tractor and I want thumbnail inspiration all you got to do is hit enter and then boom this will show you every thumbnail on YouTube that has a person standing next to a tractor I think this thumbnail right here that I'm hovering my mouse over it's pretty interesting and so what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit search by thumbnail and now it's going to pull up a bunch of other thumbnails that were similar to that giant tractor thumbnail in this hypothetical scenario where I'm role playing as a farmer making a video on my tractor I now have good inspiration on how I could angle the camera to make the tractor look big and on what would do well also you don't have to type in something you can also just search by an image and if you're ever on YouTube and you see a thumbnail you like you can just copy the URL to the video and paste it there and search with that thumbnail as well we thought of every single use case and put it all into here the third tool behind view stats Pro is called AB test and what you're looking at now is every single AB thumbnail test currently being ran on YouTube we all know about AB thumbnail tests you upload a couple thumbnail options YouTube tests them all out and it tells you which one's the best and why I think this tool would be valuable for you guys is instead of you having to run dozens or hundreds or thousands of ab thumbnail test across all your videos on the channel to learn about what people want and don't want what if instead you could just see every single AB thumbnail test every other YouTuber is running and you can just study those and apply their findings to your channel and save a ton of time you can type into this search bar whatever you want let's say Minecraft you know if you're a Minecraft Creator and this will show you all the most recent AB thumbnail tests ran on Minecraft channels so we can scroll through here looks like Preston ran an a thumbnail test he tried this Blood Blaze forgot son blood farm and it looks like forgotten Sun one so I'm going to type in Ryan trean my boy Ryan how you doing his newest video is I tried every seat on the most expensive Airline these were his three thumbnail options he had 24/7 service with him laying in a bed he had sleep pod $54 and then he had economy slfirst class and the winner was the economy first class one which the interesting part about this tool is if you went to my channel I did a similar video like this like a year before he did and if you look at our AB thumbnail test the split in half economy first class one also won for me so this is an example how Ryan could have looked at my ab thumbnail test saw what worked and applied it to his channel and saved time and you can see every single one of these tests with view stats Pro and learn from the millions of dollars I spent making these thousands of thumbnails and testing them on my channel our fourth view stats pro tool is alerts this one's a little more straightforward than the other ones but incredibly useful if you use it correctly you can set an alert for anything you'd want let's say I know later this year I'm going to do a video where I bu the world's largest treehouse I can create an alert with the title I built I'll set it where it shows me anytime my video gets over a million views I just want long not shorts and then I hit create and then what it will do is it will show me every video on all of YouTube that has over a million views with ibuilt in the title currently and then it will alert me in the future anytime another video meets that threshold you can use this so if something happens in your Niche or vertical or whatever you're in real time updated and you don't have to live on YouTube our fifth tool is collection which basically ties all the other tools together in one spot let's say when you're using the outlier tools you like an idea you just hit this thing in the top right of the idea and then you just hit add new collection title It Whatever Minecraft and basically whether you're using alerts thumbnail search outliers it allows you to store all the data that you're finding across view stats Pro and one spot for later and we're not just stopping with these five tools with view stats Pro we have over a dozen tools that we're planning on launching over the next year click the link in description or go to views.com Ford SL Pro I feel like a weight is now off my shoulder we've been working on this for so long and to finally launch all these tools just H I just can't wait to hear what you guys think of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast2 [8300 likes]: Head over to https://viewstats.com/pro and sign up today! #ViewStatsPartner
  2. @JasonPawn [314 likes]: Good luck to new youtubers in 2025 ❤
  3. @Midnight_Bytes0 [53 likes]: wow, i didn't know this existed
  4. @dawnniemercado [42 likes]: This looks amazing! I am so excited to finally be learning directly from the master himself.  You are so giving and do so much in terms of philanthropy. Thank you for not gate keeping this amazing intel.  🥰🥰🎭🎭🔥🔥 Hard breaking in, at 58 YouTuber/Actor here.  Love this new tool!
  5. @thefactstory98 [38 likes]: Support me please please please please please please 😢😢😢😢
  6. @eternocuriosochannel [29 likes]: Com muita persistência vou conseguir! 💪💪
  7. @MrTioFeliz [29 likes]: Thank you, Jimmy
  8. @EZR [24 likes]: Thanks Jimmy. You upgraded my life today ⏫
  9. @PromptVerseYT [21 likes]: wow thanks bro
  10. @Jgkgkgig-t5b [17 likes]: Aalu khaoge😂😂🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔
  11. @NaylaAfrin [16 likes]: ্Thanks for 97 subscribers
  12. @A_L-polit [11 likes]: Thanks Jimmy, that's really cool.
  13. @jamestateIII [11 likes]: Im going to start buying his food in grocery stores. He good people he makes crazy videos...BUT he's actually very charitable too and this instruction video has blown me away.  Im so happy to have these tools...im going to check itnall outnnd pay a subscription to PRO more than likely.
  14. @CatGrandRapidsCatGrandRapids [10 likes]: GOOD
  15. @cimbomedit-11 [8 likes]: Thanks man
  16. @QuenjackFamilia [3 likes]: Nice to meet you
  17. @OliverMarley [2 likes]: This should be the homepage for @youtube
  18. @insanoblox2 [2 likes]: Eres el mejor
  19. @NirobMonddal [1 likes]: 135survive film
  20. @Tanhung_Gameming [1 likes]: Tôi đã đăng hơn 1000 video và vẫn chưa đủ điều kiện bật kiếm tiền..tôi biết có nhiều cách nhưng tôi muốn chơi đúng luật..tôi không sợ thất bại và không bao giờ từ bỏ

- I made 100+ gaming videos. This is what I learned...: Kind: captions Language: en i have made over a hundred gaming videos in my youtube career to date so today i'm going to consolidate and show you the most important thing that i've learned [Music] intros aside from a good title and a good thumbnail the introduction is the most important part of the video making process good intros can set you up for a lot of success on this platform while bad intros well it's like staring at a brick wall it's my favorite part it's up to you as the editor not only to inform the viewer what they're in for but also to entice them to finish the video now this video whilst mainly being for gaming channels can also be used across any kind of channel on youtube so i implore you keep watching please watch my video the best way for me to teach you this is probably to look at an older video of mine and honestly you can take your pick they're all gonna have this problem which is shitty intros so let's just go with that one that one right there hello hello did you see that yeah that small logo with the blurry background that was my idea of an intro and branding now i know what you're thinking finn my favorite youtuber doesn't have an intro and he's got millions of views every single video well that's because a they suck and b they have an existing audience which they'll just watch anything the creator post and this is the thing we have to earn those views because we're not in that privileged position and also you don't suck step one be inclusive now this is the most important part of the whole process it just overshadows everything that we're going to learn today this is a really easy thing to do and not a lot of you do essentially you want to pretend that you're talking to your desired target audience member now for me that's you the camera i'm pretending that i'm talking to you a single person in my mind who i think is my target audience remember as a creator i want to play my cards in a way which i know that you would appreciate but also keep it within brands so that i'm not selling myself too much because authenticity is important so you know classic first date advice uh just chill the hell out be yourself um stop talking about roblox so much she's not gonna be into that stop so on the flip side to this what you don't wanna do is start a video by just talking to your friends there is nothing worse than when a video starts and the creator's friend is talking about another friend at school who did a fart in class that day and it's the most hilarious thing between these two guys but because you don't know them as an audience member why the hell is that funny that is what i would like to call being exclusive or excluding your audience member and that is the last thing you want to do on the intro of the video number two is introduce these three topics in your video what are you going to do today i'm going gonna build a portal to the nether and how are you gonna do this by going on a dangerous journey for resources and why are you gonna do it to win the love and affection of pokeman my beloved number three is use graphics uh pngs jpegs meme clips throw them about the screen get creative with it now if you haven't seen my last video this was all about animating things like this animating your pngs your custom characters this just makes a way more visually interesting introduction your audience probably won't get bored if you're doing a lot of this and if you mix it with the last step of doing the what how and why then you're golden something i see a lot of is people just doing a voiceover with gaming in the background just a gaming clip maybe it's blurry and it's just a voiceover that is just mind-numbingly boring and i'm not saying that won't work it's just that if you want more of a chance of getting views then maybe try and actually stimulate your audience member and please please don't ask for subs and likes please please please please below god don't ask like and subscribe if you agree number four use lots of sound effects now sound effects can transform an introduction you might not want to do this kind of heavy sound effects throughout the whole video but for the introduction make the effort my top tip for doing this is to imagine that everything is going through really thick air like air that makes noise when you move through it listen i've seen a lot of creators that don't use sound effects in their introductions and it really just takes away that extra sparkle and honestly mix this with a voiceover that's just kind of low mood this is going to sap the energy from the audience like indiana jones the temple of the secret something you know the thing where the face number five be confident now i know this is easier said than done but remember when you're looking at the grand scale of things our timeline on this earth is minuscule and on the timeline of the universe we are but an atom and then on the timeline of when humans have been around in the universe we are but a spec so who gives a if you're enjoying your minecraft gameplay number six is to take inspiration now we know about the what how and why and these different points that we brought up today but now we're going to look at how other channels do it and we're going to bring it into our own we're going to take inspiration from them little things like how they perhaps paste their videos the energy they bring to it if you really like that and you really gel with it and you want your channel to be similar just take small things from it don't copy the whole introduction process but just take ideas most big youtubers who do regular videos all have formulas and this is really the only way that you can do youtube for such a long time like this so i'm gonna link a few channels in the description which have really good intros which i think you can learn something from so go and check them out after this video is finished okay number seven when you're getting happy with how your introduction is shaping up then you're going to want to start thinking about the moments immediately after now these moments are important so many times i have seen channels go from a really great introduction into this kind of gameplay i so we want to jump back a few steps and go back to step number one which is be inclusive still be inclusive even after the introduction is done don't think of the introduction as a thing just debate it and then hook your audience and then just no effort afterwards you want to kind of ease out on the effort you don't want to just suddenly cut off because that's just going to be grating and the audience member will still jump ship our final step number eight is music good music is what's going to separate you from that guy anyone can do a great intro but you get to decide the music and you can make it pretty individual and unique i like to use songs with just a steady beat like this because it just keeps the pace going so yeah maybe don't use this song the amount of times i've heard this song what the hell was that you think you could take my money from me so you're making an intro and you want music that makes you stand out right of course you do the difference between shitty music and quality music in videos is night and day it's literally like this and this now i'm gonna tell you a secret ladies and gents there is a place online that gives you music and that place is not only youtube certified but really easy to use and that place is of course licked licked baby lick my balls these dudes don't only have the best damn music for creators but they also just revamped their website making it way prettier and really really really really really really really really simple to use i mean this thing is prettier than my website damn you fine as hell hey yo uh i think i can get you are you serious my brother ladies and fans take your pick do you want chart-topping hits or do you want something that's more specifically selected for things like gaming videos background music that kind of thing whichever you choose you better use my link in the description you get 50 off your first track i swear to god i won't go so easy on you like i did with this guy i go i'll get you i'll get it did you get how long have you been here well i hope you guys enjoyed the video uh at least a little bit i i think intros are really important if you like the video make sure to drop a like [Applause] gotta i guess i'm gonna get out of here you guys can stay uh i don't care i'm gonna get out of here i'm i'm going see you later ah my head i'm getting the hell out of here this place sucks all right i changed my mind back really wanna

  Top Comments:
  1. @finzar [152 likes]: HELLO!
WEBSITE & PRESETS!: www.storezar.com :_getouttahe:
My big dum dum brain missed my yt members & a couple of patreons on the outro!:
- Tedward
- Stepifiez
- FeneQ
- IFFATOMIC
- Katchrina
- Intuition
- Stoker48

I LOVE YOU GUYS!
  2. @Scythvo [1 likes]: Thanks for this video man. I've been honestly been trying my hardest to become a gaming YouTuber and this video actually kinda gave me a different perspective. Have a blessed day Brodie
  3. @BreezyGaming619: 2:33 this is crazy. I’m currently playing super Mario sunshine with my daughter for her first time. Before this, I haven’t played it in like 20 years! And out of all songs playing in the background, you picked a super Mario sunshine song.. coincidence? Absolutely, but it’s still dope nonetheless! Great video, keep it up
  4. @neronihilo: did bro greenscreen himself onto a greenscreen background???
  5. @tomaszbogdziun591: But bro using clips, memes how about legal rights?
  6. @Fishgardening: That a hell of editing.. I will be there someday for sure! And thz you for the video XD
  7. @mr.dotts...: I know this is pretty much the game winning strategy in today's YouTube market but I really hate that its just jingling keys nonstop for viewers to stay hooked.
  8. @SouperHooper13: got sick watching this video. holy over editing
  9. @mrcrowman1: I'm only 3 minutes in and I love your vibes and hair lol because if my hair would look that good I would throw my hats away damn you dude 😂😂
  10. @lostboykris: what sound is this in the background? 7:40
  11. @lostboykris: Watching you for the first time and this is absolutely funny and I’ve learned a lot to implement in my videos, thanks man.
  12. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  13. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  14. @Nopro-l8m: 🎉
  15. @CampaignerGamer: Are subtitles important?
  16. @relatable-steve: Did anyone noticed that he looks kinda like George russel(Mercedes f1 driver)
  17. @solosveros-deathgodsright5599: step 1 lie for first half of your video
  18. @YT-CriticalPath69: Thank you man
  19. @NapTimeGamingDad: I started a dad gaming YouTube channel last month. Already got 7 K views and 20 subscribers with only 2 videos and few shorts. Really happy. Thanks for the tips. I wish success for everyone. Keep on grinding.
  20. @SteveHakins: 2026?

- Decoding the YouTube Algorithm.: Kind: captions Language: en in the vast digital landscape YouTube has emerged as a Powerhouse for Content creators behind the scenes the YouTube algorithm plays a pivotal role in shaping what viewers see understanding how this algorithm works is crucial for any content creator looking to activate their Channel effectively the YouTube algorithm unveiled the YouTube algorithm is a sophisticated system designed to match viewers with content they find most interesting and relevant it takes into account a myriad of factors to tailor the viewing experience for each user the primary goals of the algorithm are user satisfaction and increased watch time watch history and behavior one watch History YouTube tracks what users watch one if a viewer consistently watches content related to technology for example the algorithm will prioritize suggesting more Tech related videos two behavioral patterns the algorithm also considers how users interact with videos two factors such as likes comments share shares and subscriptions contribute to understanding user preferences user engagement one click through rate Center the ratio of clicks to Impressions is crucial one Higher Center suggests that the content is compelling and relevant two watch time YouTube values watch time over clickbait two longer watch times indicate that viewers find the content valuable video information one metadata video titles descriptions and tags provide crucial information one clear and accurate metadata helps the algorithm understand the content making it more likely to be recommended two transcripts and closed captions YouTube uses these to understand the content of videos two adding these elements can enhance the algorithm's understanding content freshness one consistency regularly uploading new content signals to the algorithm that the channel is active and engaging one this can positively impact recommendations two trending topics creating content around trending topics can capitalize on increased searches making the channel more likely to be discovered viewer feedback one comments and interactions positive engagement such as meaningful comments and Community interactions signals to the algorithm that the content is resonating with viewers two subscriptions the number of subscribers a channel has influences its perceived value two encouraging subscriptions can boost a Channel's standing activating your channel a strategic approach activating your YouTube channel involves strategic steps aimed at aligning your content with the algorithm's preferences here's a comprehensive guide optimize metadata one craft compelling titles informative descriptions and relevant tags for each video two ensure consistency in naming conventions and branding across your channel understand your audience one use chuse analytics to understand your audience's demographics and preferences two tailor your content to meet the expectations and interests of your target audience create highquality content one invest time in creating visually appealing and engaging videos two prioritize content that provides value whether it's entertainment education or both engage with your community one respond to comments and encourage discussions two consider viewer feedback for future content ideas consistency is key one establish a regular uploading schedule to signal to the algorithm that your channel is active two plan content ahead to maintain consistency utilize YouTube analytics one regularly review analytics to understand which videos perform well and why two adjust your content strategy based on these insights promote your videos one share your videos on social media and other platforms to increase initial engagement two collaborate with other creators to tap into their audiences stay informed about Trends one keep an eye on trending topics within your Niche two capitalize on these Trends by creating relevant timely content optimize thumbnails and titles one create eye-catching thumbnails that accurately represent your content experiment and adapt one be open to experimenting with different content formats and styles two adapt your strategy based on the evolving landscape of your Niche and YouTube trends by strategically implementing these steps you not only align your Channel with the YouTube algorithm's preferences but also Foster an environment conducive to viewer engagement remember the algorithm is designed to reward content that keeps viewers on the platform so your focus should be on creating content that captivates and retains your audience

- The YouTube Algorithm Just Had a HUGE Change... (2026 Update): Kind: captions Language: en We just had the biggest YouTube algorithm update that we're probably going to see in our lifetime. So, the information you're going to learn in this video, you cannot find anywhere else, okay? And that's because every other YouTube coach is telling you that this update has to do with titles and descriptions or how long your video is. It's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They were all looking in the wrong place. This update was so big that it wasn't done on YouTube. The actual update that changed the YouTube algorithm forever was done on Google. Now, the only reason I know this is because I went through Google developer files. So, in this video, I'm going to tell you exactly how the YouTube algorithm changed. But first, if you don't know who I am, my name is Romero. I've been running faceless YouTube channels since 2018. And across all of my YouTube channels, I have made over $2 million in ad revenue. Um, and I do other things, but I don't think you give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] So, let's just get started. Update number one, that is Gemini and Semantics ID. For those of you that don't know, Google is Gemini's AI system. It's like their own version of Chad GPT. And what it does is that it analyzes all of the YouTube videos that are posted and it makes a summary about them. But on January 14th of 2026, [music] literally only a few days ago, Google changed the settings on Gemini. And what this change did is that it gave Gemini the ability to reason across platforms. Meaning that now Gemini knows what you're doing on Google Drive, what you're sending on Gmail, and what you're searching for on Google. And the purpose of that is because Google wants to know how you're feeling. They want to know what you do and what you're trying to do. Because in my opinion, what Google is trying to do is that they're trying to go from a search engine to an answer engine. And they're using Gemini to do that. I know what you're thinking. Google's doing that weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Cool. What does that have to do with my YouTube channel? Well, because of this new ability Gemini has, it now gives every single YouTube video something called a semantic ID. And what a semantic ID is is essentially a summary of your video, but now it understands the energy of your video, right? The vibe, what the intent [music] was. So, let me give you an example. Let's say you're driving on the freeway and you get a flat tire. So, you pull over, you pull out your phone, and you search code trucks near me. And then you search how to change a flat tire. At this point, what Google sees is that you're stressed. You're in a situation and you're looking for answers fast. Now, let's say that when you're sitting on the freeway, you open up YouTube. Well, guess what? The first video you're going to see on your homepage is a tutorial on how to change a tire. Even if you've never searched it on YouTube before, but here's the craziest part. That video tutorial that you would see on your homepage about how to change a tire, it wouldn't be a 10-minute video. It would be a 30 second to [music] three minute video because again Google told Gemini that you were in a situation that you were stressed and Gemini controls the YouTube algorithm. So when you open up YouTube, it used common sense and tried to predict what you were looking for. And not only that, but it also knows that you needed answers fast because you were on the side of the freeway. So it wouldn't show you a 10-minute video. It wouldn't go based on which uh tutorial on how to change a tire has the most average view duration or which one has the most views. it would be the shortest, straight to the point video. So that's what a semantic ID is. It's what Gemini uses to predict what a user wants to watch based on their Google activity. Moving on to update number two, and that's retention is no longer king. Now, if you've watched any YouTube tutorial ever, you know that retention is the most important part where [music] it used to be. You wanted them to watch as long as possible. Well, that's not how it works anymore. And that's because on January 14th, Google also implemented something called good abandonment. And essentially what this is is that they want to make sure that the user is satisfied. So here's an example. Let's say you make a 10-minute tutorial video on how to change a tire. And the watch time of that video or the average view duration is 2 minutes. Meaning that after 2 minutes the majority of the viewers click off. You know, before that was like the worst thing that could have happened because the algorithm would assume that your video was just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But now Gemini investigates. It tries to find out why people left after 2 minutes. And let's say with uh this tutorial, the first 2 minutes of your video was just you explaining it and after 2 minutes [music] the rest was just like a random vlog. Gemini sees that and it's like okay people didn't click off after 2 minutes because the video was bad. They clicked off because they got their answer. That would be what Google considers good abandonment. But bad abandonment is when Gemini goes and investigates same scenario. It saw that the majority of the users would go back on YouTube and searched for another tutorial on how to change a tire. It would then reason and think, okay, clearly this video did not answer their question. It left the viewer unsatisfied, so they had to go and find their answer somewhere else. That is bad abandonment because now Google sees what viewers do after they watch your video. Now, it's not necessarily how long people watched for, it's about whether they were satisfied or not. Moving on to update number three, that is co-visisitation. And if you're a small YouTube channel looking to grow, this is probably the most important one. YouTube no longer looks at your channel by itself. It doesn't look at your performance overall or or your content. It also looks at who else your viewers are watching. If I'm not mistaken, what Google is doing is that they're seeing the last 31 days of a user's activity and they're trying to see how the viewer ended up on your channel. for example. So, let's go ahead and say that 1,000 people watch uh one of Mr. Beast's videos and then after that they click on one of your videos. That will tell the algorithm that okay, you know, these 1,000 people clearly like Mr. Beast and they also watched, you know, your channel. That means that they have the same group of audience. So now the algorithm recommends you in the same neighborhood [music] as Mr. Beast. You're essentially borrowing his authority, which is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great thing. So now YouTube will start testing out your video to other people that watch Mr. beast and you know it builds this snowball effect. Now how a lot of channels die is because of this. If the wrong people watch your video, you're going to get put in the wrong neighborhood, right? That's why you never share the link to your video to any family or friends or put it in a random, you know, Reddit thread or, I don't know, buy bots to watch your video, which you should never do because again, now this is all viewer based. This is all the audience. It doesn't really the algorithm no longer gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what you have in your tags or your description because Google doesn't need more data, right? It has every single possible YouTube video in their system. So now it can start recommending videos based on the audience's pattern. Update number four is negative [music] comments. The old YouTube algorithm saw comments as engagement. It doesn't matter what they said. If you had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of comments, that was a good thing. But now, since it's mostly based on viewer satisfaction, if your comments are people arguing or people complaining about the video or disagreeing with you in some way or form, the algorithm is also going to punish you for that. So, you know, a huge strategy that's that a lot of YouTubers have is to rage bait essentially. Well, that just got patched. A boring video with happy comments is now going to outperform a really entertaining video with bad comments. Now, this update did send an entire ripple effect to YouTube, right? is a lot of things are going to change. I only covered four of them in this video, but in the Google files I went through, there were 21 different updates. Now, because I don't want to sit here and make an hourong video to explain it all, you can click the link in my description or in the pinned comment that's going to take you to my school community. Once you're in, you're going to see 80 plus video tutorials where I take you step by step on how I managed to make over $2 million with YouTube, or at least what my strategy is. But you're also going to find the full report of this new YouTube update. And obviously you're also going to see how to implement these changes [music] to your own channel. But anyways, I I do plan on posting a part two very very soon. Just kind of depends how this video does. So if you want to know more but you don't want to join my school community, go ahead and leave a positive comment down below for Gemini. Like the video and subscribe to the channel. Besides that, that's pretty much it. Y'all have a good day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Romayroh [42 likes]: If you want to verify the technology I discussed, here are the direct links to the Google documentation and research papers that power these systems:
📂 THE SOURCES & DOCUMENTATION:
1. The "Gemini" Brain (Cross-Platform Reasoning): How Google’s Multimodal AI processes video, text, and code simultaneously to understand "Intent" beyond keywords. 🔗 Google DeepMind - Gemini Capabilities: https://deepmind.google/technologies/gemini/
2. The Shift to "Good Abandonment" (Satisfaction over Retention): The documentation defining "Needs Met" and how Google distinguishes between a user fleeing a video vs. a user being satisfied. 🔗 Google Search Quality Evaluator Guidelines (See "Needs Met"): https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/guidelines.raterhub.com/en//searchqualityevaluatorguidelines.pdf
3. Co-Visitation & Audience Wiring: The foundational engineering that proves the algorithm tracks "User History" and "Related Entities" rather than just your video tags. 🔗 Deep Neural Networks for YouTube Recommendations (Google Research): https://research.google/pubs/deep-neural-networks-for-youtube-recommendations/
4. Sentiment Analysis (Why Negative Comments Hurt): The API developers use to interpret "Toxic" vs. "Constructive" language, proving the AI understands the emotion of a comment section. 🔗 Google Cloud Natural Language AI (Sentiment Analysis): https://cloud.google.com/natural-language/
  2. @ZoharZahara [1 likes]: But the freaks won't show the thumbs down count. They obviously want these features to control propaganda and curtail ideas, especially political.
  3. @Valientlink: Is this why all of my top videos which would always be top of the search suddenly... don't even exist in a search? Dude, 20 years on this platform and I've seen it do nothing but gradually fall since 2009. I can't get a job because of the economy in the states and have been doing everything I can. I was having success with monetization until this year. I've only made $46... that should be around 1 month.
  4. @CrunchyAnarchy: So basically…. make content that sedates people, got it. God forbid we challenge anyway. That doesn’t make them happy happy happy so clueless and happy. We are doomed.
  5. @AndreNicholasJr: nice work! ill check the docs later!
  6. @GT.Sounds777: So helpful👍🏻📑
  7. @KickZone1YT: nice vid !
  8. @CuriosEchoes: There is such a big discrepancy between statistics ... valid views double as low as per statistics
  9. @AudenMannuson: Good to know....wow. AI is spying on all Google products.,..dang
  10. @LensLayovers: Jesus Christ, absolute surveillance society
  11. @arcticfox6808: Listen, listen Linda... Al Gore invented the internet. And when Al Gore gets into a rhythm...  none of us are safe.
  12. @Hullbreachimminent: This breakdown of the latest YouTube algorithm changes feels really relevant for creators trying to understand what’s been happening with recommendations lately!
  13. @robke33331: I have the same my views going down also the shorts 
I love my channel but do not know what to do
  14. @ybra: Whatever they did, it seems to have messed up my algorithm entirely. I'm getting recommended stuff that I have no interest in at all, combined with videos I have already watched several years ago. Hardly anything I want to watch shows up on my home page now.
  15. @MysticNomad_XYZ: Understanding good abandonment completely changes how I view retention now, Excellent update
  16. @RajaWaqas243: Wow you are genius ❤
  17. @football-l7k: you are the best
  18. @AquaWarden: Great video you have hear! I was wondering why my channel suddenly lost views.
  19. @LyleVertigo: I want a real youtube replacement (and not some grifter site) so I can leave this heaping pile of shit for good.
  20. @lizzybunny5436: Thank you so much for the informative video. I have been noticing a lot of views going down on videos and other channels. Glad to be aware of the cause of this and why it’s happening. Have an good day :)

- The 2026 YouTube Algorithm Explained (What Actually Changed): Kind: captions Language: en If you feel like the YouTube algorithm is killing your channel's growth and performance, you actually just might be making the wrong videos. So, in today's video, I'm going to show you how to work with this year's algorithm. So, it actually helps you grow this year as a creator. We got seven points we're going to cover in this video. And the first is that the algorithm is not working against you. It's actually your matchmaker. You can think of YouTube's algorithm as honestly the world's greatest dating coach. It's constantly trying to set your videos up on the perfect blind date with the right viewer for that specific video. And they do this totally for free, too. It's crazy. You don't have to pay for distribution of your content. YouTube is doing this all for you. It kind of reminds me of like the show on Netflix, that awful dating show, Love is Blind, that I highly do not recommend watching, but if you watch it, I mean, more power to you. >> I know my worth like a thousand%. But if YouTube were producing Love is Blind, there wouldn't be any drama and there'd be no tears and no craziness, no chaos, because YouTube actually knows who's compatible. They're studying everything, clicks, comments, watch history to make sure your content ends up with the right viewer and not some crazy person who nobody should ever end up with. >> Anyways, >> so when your videos underperform, it's not that YouTube is punishing you in any way. It's just that they haven't found the right viewer to pair that content with. And that could be a problem with your own structure and clarity of your content, or it could just be a lack of demand. In any case, the rest of the tips in this video are going to help you create the right kinds of videos that get seen by the right people. So, our next tip is to focus on what we call the first audience. So, these are the first people that are going to encounter your video. And in the first 24 to 48 hours, this little short window really does matter because your current viewers are going to teach the algorithm who your video is designed for. If your viewers get the opportunity to click on your video and watch and they actually decide to stick around and watch a lot of that video, YouTube is going to expand the distribution of that video. And I'll show you here in our analytics. We can literally see this. If a video performs well, you'll see all the positive green arrows pointing upwards, which is a great sign. And YouTube will give you a specific notification that simply says, "Great work. Your views are up right here for this video. They're up 88%. More subscribers are choosing to watch the video. They're watching longer than usual, too. that's helping to increase its reach on YouTube recommendations. And then the inverse is also true. If subscribers choose not to click on your video, you can see this video underperformed for us. Underperformed our average. It only did about a couple thousand views in the first 24 hours. It says subscribers of your channel are showing less interest in this video, contributing to 69% fewer views than usual. Now, you might be thinking to yourself, "Well, Craig, does this pigeon hole me into always creating the same kinds of videos over and over again? Will I not be able to just experiment with different formats or ideas? I get that concern and I feel like the answer is sort of like yes and no. Yes, you should always be thinking about serving your audience anytime you make a video. Who are the first people who have the opportunity to watch and are they going to click on this video and even be interested at all. So yeah, you want to be thinking about that, but no, it's not going to pigeon hole you fully. There's so many great formats and creative ideas you can experiment with. You could try reaction style videos, vlogging, long- form podcast, lifestyle. So, there's endless possibility in content formats you can explore. But generally, yes, you do want to come back to thinking about how can I serve my core audience and my core viewers the best because that's going to help increase the overall distribution of the YouTube algorithm. Now, our next tip is to find outliers that already exist on YouTube. And maybe this is content of your own that you've already posted that outperformed and did really well. Or you could look at somebody else's content. And a little phrase we often use here is that success leaves clues and make part twos. So if you have successful content or if others are making successful videos in your respective niche that are getting really broad appeal in your niche and a lot of people are resonating with that content, you want to study what's working with those types of videos and then use those as references to build your own content. Now, one of my favorite tools to use for finding outliers is Vid IQ. They're a longtime partner of this channel. And if you want to get started for as cheap as $1, you can click the link down in the description below to get started with Vid IQ. But check out this interface here. If I go over to this discover tab, right now I'm on outliers. And so this is going to filter some of the best performing pieces of content on the platform right now and generate an outlier score for that video. So here's a video by Katie Steckley. She makes awesome content for creators and this is a 50x outlier on her channel. If I click this, [music] I can expand it and get more information. She got 583,000 views on a video posted a year ago. This is a 50x outlier, so it's performing 50 times better than most of the content on our channel. So, this tells you that there's demand for this like [snorts] free video editing software for YouTubers. So, we could spin this for ourselves. What if we did a video that was like top five best free video editing softwares for creators and YouTubers in 2026? That could be a great video. And there's proven, verifiable demand for this content because Katie's video did over half a million views in just over a year. So clearly, this would be a great outlier that we could use as inspiration for our own content. We can also add filters to videos. So if I went like best Sony camera, for example, I could filter. I'm searching for outliers within the last, let's say, 6 months. And maybe we want an outlier score of at least five to sixx on their channel and a subscriber range of less than a million subscribers. We don't want any massive channels on this. So, we're seeing like smaller channels that have, you know, outperformed the respective niches. So, here's like a 15x outlier. Here's one right here. And we actually just did content around the iPhone 17 Pro. Best iPhone camera settings. So, this is a 10x outlier score. Good to see. So using a tool like Vid IQ to find outliers is a great way to find verifiable videos within your specific niche that have current demand. Our fourth tip is to think about building a viewer journey, not just posting random one-off videos. So you want to think of creating content like creating more like a playlist, not just one specific post. So ask yourself, what's the next logical video that somebody would want to watch after I make this current one that I'm working on? So, for example, we'll make a video that's like how to start a podcast in 2025, which is a really broad appeal video. It did really well for us, over 300,000 views, and that's just a basic overview of how to start a podcast. But then we can get even more specific and how to start a podcast from your phone. That's a great specific question we could answer for people. How to start not only a podcast, but a video podcast is another video we created. Also, podcast distribution. How do we distribute a podcast if you even start it? So, we're thinking through the logical next steps that a viewer would need to have solved for them if they're going to watch a broad podcasting video. They need to know every step of the process if they do indeed decide to pursue creating a podcast. So, ideally, you could create clusters of videos or a video series that will help a viewer binge watch several videos on your channel, which is going to boost watch time across your channel broadly instead of just creating individual one-off pieces of content. Our fifth tip is to remember that searchbased discovery is still so key, especially if you're a smaller channel and you're just getting started. If you don't have subscribers, YouTube doesn't have that built-in network of people that they're going to send that video out to for testing. So, you really got to rely on [music] good SEO or search engine optimization tactics like good titles, good thumbnails, good episode descriptions, and tags to get your video discovered in the first place. And I want to show you here why this is so important. Here's our channel analytics for our Think Media channel. If I go over to content and I scroll down to the way that viewers are finding us in the last 28 days, 55% of our channel's views are coming from the YouTube search bar. This means that having those really good titles on our channel's library is vitally important and it's the most frequent way that people engage with us here at Think Media. A couple methods that we teach in our online course called Video Ranking Academy. And if you're interested in that course, you can visit thinkv.com to check us out. But a couple methods we teach in there is the ASQ and the RSP method. ASQ means answering specific questions. So we'll make videos like how to start a podcast in 2025, very specific question. Or the RSP method, reviewing specific products. So that could be the best podcast microphones of the year. We do a lineup of all of those videos reviewing each individual microphone. Essentially, every channel could apply these two methods to never run out of content ideas. Answering specific questions and reviewing specific products that relate to your core topic or idea is a great way to get discovered. Now, our sixth tip here is kind of more like an encouragement to smaller channels. It's that thankfully discoverability has never been easier on YouTube than it is right now. Specifically, because YouTube is no longer relying on subscriberbased distribution for getting content in front of people. It's now all interestbased and it's more focused on the interest of individual viewers and the patterns of those individual viewers and the retention of your specific video than it is on any number of subscribers or views that your channel is generating. This means that small channels can compete with massive creators if viewers are sticking around for longer watch durations or if they're sharing videos, copying the link, sending that to a friend or engaging in the comment section. If you just create viewers who are really satisfied, you're going to get rewarded even if you're a really small channel. So, if you're watching this video and you literally have zero subscribers and you feel overwhelmed of like, how am I going to compete in this YouTube arena? The beauty is all you got to do is create quality videos that speak to a specific type of individual or viewer and do that over and over and over and over again and you will see growth. And that brings us to our final tip, which is riches are in the niches. And do you say niche or niche? I almost always say niche now, but it doesn't really work with the phrase riches in the niches. It's like the only time I say niche. Anyways, if there's one thing you take away from this video, it's remember that the algorithm does not promote channels that are all over the map. It rewards clarity. So, the clearer your topic and the niche of your channel is, the faster that YouTube is going to be able to connect and play matchmaker with your video, connect the right video to the right viewer at the right time, and that's what's going to make your content get seen by more people. So, if you want to see how to find your niche and grow faster on YouTube, click the link right here on screen to watch a video that Nate and I did together. It's a great podcast episode that'll help you dial in exactly how to focus your channel in the right way to succeed on YouTube this year. And I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [7 likes]: What is your biggest take away from the tips shared? Let us know below ⬇
🔥Get a 30-Day trial of vidIQ's Boost plan for just $1 here: 👉 http://vidiq.com/think
  2. @BLITZZ_RO [1 likes]: How to make subscribe bers
  3. @InfinityHell666 [1 likes]: As a Viewer: How many More Times Am I Going to see the Same Stupid Idiotic Videos in My YouTube Feed THAT I DON'T WATCH!!!??? And even if I DID Watch them, They'd be out of my Watch History Before YouTube could Update... The Algorithm is just Bullshit, Plain and Simple... (>ლ)

As a YouTuber: My Definition for Unpopularity is Much more Simple; Take it from me, It's not That People are Better Then You, They Just Don't Care about you... Once again Using My channel as an Example, I know what This internet(And thus The World) Wants, And I've got None of it to Offer.
  4. @AlexasRanch [1 likes]: Thanks! My favorite is #4 👍
  5. @Hanh-Solo [1 likes]: Biggest BS I have ever Heard
  6. @MyrddinWyllt-z3t [1 likes]: Hmmm.  On 4th version of channel right now.  Created last year then end of September new uploaded videos got no views at all.  So decided to start again.  Same thing happened again not straight away but after a few weeks.

Third?  Checking the analytics on how viewers found my videos was horrified to find a long list of totally unrelated videos to mine bringing viewers so that channel deleted as well.

A few weeks into this version.  Now no views this week on newly uploaded videos except mine.  However I made a short just before NY with a few others which were not so much controversial but to see what would happen.  Now I'm not on YT to monetise etc and have different content which isn't about one specific subject tbh but is based around a common theme.  

I used free VidID for titles, keywords etc but those got no or few views.  I have 1 subscriber but annoyingly I'm unable to view them so I can see if a real or bot.

I'm currently in the process of shifting content to other ideas to test what is working.  Which I did yesterday.  Only views are mine.

So I'm going to stop posting videos for a week - a suggestion I saw when views stop IE shadowban but why I would be I've not a clue.  I've got all the green ticks etc.

The channel is based around the username but unfortunately there's dozens of other Myrddin Wyllt ones but my concept was to create a new story not found on those channels and also not in any of the known stories.

So create a new tale told in original music, songs etc.  In other words the subject matter is something I'm confident about so don't want to alter it and just be a carbon copy of other channels.  

Anyway.  I will see what happens next week then see.
  7. @Adamcielepa: 😮😢
  8. @EjazAhmed-em5me: Sir i delete two video on my brand new channel and now very less impressions come on videos, i have 3 video upload and these videos even not get 500 impressions. i left channel for 20 days for cooling and after that i change description but no effect, no extra impressions comes on video. What i do to get impressions. Please tell me.... pleasee
  9. @NivsNest: Small creator
  10. @sadmaniqra: bangla dubbed please on
  11. @crystalfunky: Dude this used to work 2025 maybe. Now it's completely changed.
  12. @EpicGigglezone: Wow
  13. @genevievegodwin3551: Thabk you so much for your help
  14. @markuseden2105: Somehow doubt this. I have a video on my channel that got 500 views in the first 9 months. Then one of my other video's did better and then this first video suddenly got 66 K views in 2,5 weeks. I had changed nothing in 9 months. So suddenly the right viewers where watching? No - it's just that suddenly the algorithm noticed it.
  15. @ComediaPilipino: thanks for tips❤
  16. @madebylunda: I have a crochet tutorial channel. The last few months the YouTube doesnt share my contents for my autience. I always read my analitycs and I realised the new videos got a few views only because they shared just a few hundreds time by the youtube. I have a lot followers and only about 1% views my channel. I am lost…🙁
  17. @tobiaswillmer5447: You are paid by YouTube?
  18. @coachyem-r9m: Great tip
  19. @renardmariathasan8107: Yes..who can dance like this❤❤your signature style movements, which can be REPEATEDLY watched, are prominently in hot display Jeeva for this most popular Thalaivar's song❤❤such a pleasure to watch ❤❤And it is VERY NICE to see the  performance going VIRAL.❤❤Fantastic performance Jeeva ❤❤I wish you all the very best and God bless you abundantly Jeeva🎉🎉🎉🎉
  20. @uzimartinez1: Tegp varios videos y me esfuerzo mucho pero simplemente no tengo visitas casi😢