- Why My Experimental Video Flopped HARD: Kind: captions Language: en Have you talked about re-editing your AI YouTube video? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I got to talk about that. Edit an intro that explains your motivation for doing it. Should we start with that for anyone who doesn't know? So, I release I'm I'm currently finishing up, but I'm still a long way away, which is why I ended up putting this thing out. Um, so on different level YouTube video, uh, YouTube channel. Um, I'm currently making something that I've talked about for months that I'm currently working on and it's the biggest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing I've ever worked on in my entire life and it's like in months. What I decided to do was release an idea that I had for a Does anyone watch um I get you two both do I think cuz I think you've talked about it in in in Penny stream. You guys I well actually I know Penny watches uh analog horror essentially. So I had an idea. This music is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way too heavy for this conversation. I decided to really I had this idea for this analog horror series and I I didn't want to put it on Hi, my name is Dan because it didn't feel right. So, it was basically meant to be a threepart analog horror series about essentially about mainly focused on AI YouTube channels, but that was kind of the core concept. But I was basically reading so much at the time when I came up with the idea like about dead internet and I know you guys know about it um about the dead internet theory and how like everything it's getting to the point where everything is kind of just AI generated and it's less userenerated and everything especially on YouTube the the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the video you know what triggered it a lot turtle is that video you sent to me on the last stream or stream four, I can't remember. When you were showing me um was it Destiny? That video you showed me of Destiny when he's going through the AI comments of YouTube and then he starts to piece together that everything. Yeah. Yeah. That's what actually triggered that idea. So, thank you. you you you get me that idea cuz I was after I watched that I was like wouldn't it be funny if you made like a horror like an analog horror series about that exact issue but have it be that in some way the channel itself because I haven't posted anything on the channel for about 3 years. The channel itself seemingly got overtaken by some AI and I wouldn't be in the video at all. It would just look like an AI kind of Yes, that's it. Yes. Sarkees. That's it. It would look like someone hijacks the different level YouTube channel and and just turned it into this weird infomercial AI generated thing, but like as you watch it, it gets more and more weirder and more and more creepier. There's also like some humor in it as well and all that kind of stuff. And it was meant to be like three episodes of it. crazy. I put one episode up, but basically it was just it was something to put in there before the the big video eventually comes out. It was just something that an idea that I had and I thought, might as well put it in there. I might as well put it in there, see how people feel about it. I did worry that it was going to go the wrong way. So I kind of knew that there is a chance this can go the wrong way and it kind of did because I think what people thought about it and also sorry the the second element of it was the the second element and what I tried to make it different from other analog um horror kind of series and stuff like that is that it would be completely interactive. So in the first video it says what kind of content do you want to see? leave in the comment section below and every comment and it was like every comment will get fed into our database and we will evaluate all your comments and then come up with the next idea and then when that idea kind of comes out depending on what people put down it would be like a really shitty like almost AI I mean AI looking like idea that they come up with like I I remember someone put on there um uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I forgot now it's it's been ages but there was a couple ideas on there besides the hate. There was a couple of ideas that were put on there, including yourself. So, I remember you put one down there, Turtle. So, it was going to be like a completely interactive one in that people's comments kind of dictated what was shown on the next kind of episode that came out. Unfortunately, what ended up happening was some people took it for it just being that the channel's now going to be AI generator content. And that was my kind of worry. That was the risk, but that was my kind of worry. And maybe I should have just kind went on with it. And I think by the second episode, maybe it might have made more sense what I was trying to do and the kind of message. I I was actually trying to make something that was like more of a worry about it. Um about this thing becoming a reality rather than it being an actual reality, it becoming a reality. Like what would it look like? But kind of do it in a tongue and cheek kind of way. Um but it ended up being the opposite effect and people thought, "Oh, this channel's now AI generated kind of thing." So I took the video down. It got a lot of dislikes. I put a message up saying sorry if people thought it was something different. I got so many people unsubscribed from the channel because they were just like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Um and I put a message up saying sorry if people misunderstood it. This is what I was trying to go for. I basically explained the idea. Um I also said I recently lost my job to AI so the last thing I want to do is make a channel that was kind of completely AI generated. It was the complete opposite that I wanted to kind of go for. But look, some and I put on there as well, sometimes you come up with an idea and it just doesn't work. And it may have worked out if I kept making more episodes of it, but I just thought it's it's the initial idea. It it didn't really kick off. Um, but yeah, maybe if I put a video at the start or something at the start to say this is a work of not a work of fiction, but this is like this is not what the channel represents, but it does remove that kind of um mystique about it, that kind of analog horrory kind of trying to keep it realistic. It kind of does ruin it a little bit if you do that. So, that's why I didn't really do that. But, um, yeah, it's fine. I'm honestly fine with it. Like I I I again it was one of those exper it was an experiment and it and I didn't know and I did have doubts whether it would be like received quite well and sometimes it just does that. You know I've made videos in the past that people did not like at all and I've well I I didn't have to take down but I took them down because I'm like okay that didn't work. Let's move on to something else. So yeah the uncanny valley. Exactly. Exactly. So that's it. That was it really. That was really it. When a robot looks too much like a human, but not exactly. Yeah. I'm I'm I'm taking the subject matter, but I'm I'm also I'm I'm ironically talking about subject matter, but I'm also making it look like the subject matter is actually me doing the thing that I'm talking about. It's It's just one of those really hard things to communicate unless you put it right in front of them and go, "By the way, just let you know guys, I'm not doing this. I'm just doing this as a thing, but I'm not doing it." Like, it's it's kind of one of those things, but it's hard to I didn't want to communicate it like that, but it's fine. It is what it is. It is what it is.

- My Last Sponsored Video Just Flopped. Hard.: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome back to Aspiring Creator. Sorry, I was just turning the volume up on my uh on my my my mic there. Hello. Welcome back to Aspiring Creator. Um where we talk about all the uh like inner workings of a YouTube content creationy business, I guess uh kind of thing and I generally just write down a list of things that have happened since last time we caught up and I ramble about them for um half an hour or so. So, we're just going to run through the list today. Lots of stuff has happened and um lots of similar things we've touched on before, but um we're going to start off with turning a 10 of 10 into a one of 10. Um so if you remember from I get previous versions we've talked about here. We are struggling with it a little bit with views on YouTube right now and uh views in general. Um it's funny, I've had so many discussions with people about this and everyone's going through the same thing. um from channels that have millions and millions like you know 5 million plus subscribers like productivity channels um through to uh channels that are my similar size or even smaller that are just struggling to get views and um I'm not going to go into the details of of why because there's no basically real confirmed reason as why it's just a mixture of a lot of things I believe I understand um but what we did do so we posted um or rather one of the like content types that seems to perform well for us um at the moment at least you know this is very unique to us. I don't think other channels have this is like the the the networkingy IT techy kind of stuff. Um but without getting too technical uh and this I think stems from when we started the channel. Uh so I used to run an IT company. It was like an IT support business. And so a lot of the like original subscribers of the channel were IT people or people interested in IT and um so off the back of that um obviously we create a load of IT related videos and ubiquity and networking and Wi-Fi and password managers and cloud storage and and SSDs and those kind of things. Those videos have generally performed quite well for us over the years. And um whilst recently some of the like the mobile phone type videos um haven't performed as well as usual and some of the other videos haven't really performed, the techy stuff has. And so we posted a video about how to um like how I was upgrading to like the fastest broadband available in the UK. Um turns out it wasn't the fastest in the UK because people came out and told me in the comments that they theirs was faster. So lesson learned. But what we did do is do a follow-up which was meant to be uh the the idea was um a ubiquity buyers guide. So Ubiquity is like a big widely known um like networking brands and so we were going to make a buyer guide video because buyers guide again is another kind of content type that performs well for us. So we're going to like you know merge the merge the two together buying guide techy stuff smoosh it together and hopefully we get high performing video. Um also speaking recently to uh Darius Darus Tech who often listens to this I think. So, hey Darius. Um, chatting about like how to target videos. And there's with YouTube, broadly speaking, you've got two different kind of things you're targeting. You're either going for browse traffic, which is like the the stuff where you just you're not looking for it. You're just kind of browsing YouTube. You go like, "Oh, oh, I must watch that. I've got to watch that." That's like browse stuff. And then you've got the searchbased stuff when you're actually searching for product reviews or, you know, specific things that you want to do or like howtos. And broadly speaking, we've always been in the browse category because our views have always come from browse. Um, and if you go into your YouTube statistics, it will tell you um on the audience or maybe the engagement tab in your YouTube analytics, it will tell you that your views are from the browse, you know, homepage or it will be from search traffic and then you can actually click into that and see which search terms that you're ranking for as well. So, we are mostly browse and Darus is mostly search. Um, and it's just mind-blowing to see how well Daryus's channel is performing at the moment. And so, we went, we lent more heavily on a searchbased title for this particular video we posted. Um, we've changed it since, which I'll explain in a minute, but um, we posted it as like ubiquity, buyers, guides, Wi-Fi switches, routes, something something like that. Um, and so posted it and it like it just tanked. And within a few hours, um, I I watched it cuz I think Matt, my my team posted it here cuz I was probably not in or the weekend or I think I was traveling at the time and I I saw it and I just changed it as soon as I saw it and I just went for um this content type that I've seen before has performed well. Um, you know, it's like this whole like looking for outliers that perform well for other people. there was a accountant explained or you know investment banker explains and I just thought I wonder if like IT expert explains would perform well. So I named it to IT expert explains building the ultimate home network. Um so again completely going away from you know SEO leaning into like ubiquity home Wi-Fi network something something. It was just building the ultimate home building the ultimate home network which to me appeals to a wide audience because a lot of people are probably wondering why their home Wi-Fi is slow or home network might be slow or could be better or doesn't reach as far as it needs to. So that feel like it it encapsulates a lot. Um, and so we did that and um, slowly over the following 24 to 48 hours, it kind of pulled itself up from a 10 out of 10 to a 1 out of 10. And it's kind of hovering between 10 uh, sorry, a two and a one out of 10, mostly because we posted a um, one of our last 10 videos is a Galaxy S26 Ultra launch video, which we did, which is currently on 177,000 views. So that's like hugely taken off. So I'm not sure we're going to overtake that, but it is still doing very well. So here, and we've played around with the thumbnail a few times as well, but I would definitely say like you can when you first post that video, you can have an impact on like its outcome to a certain extent. Um, obviously you can't change the posted video, although you can edit out sections. Uh, but you can change the packaging. You can change the title, the thumbnail, and um, in this occasion, we didn't change the thumbnail, we just changed the title. It had that impact. And then we've changed the thumbnail again since just to see what happens. It hasn't had a huge impact, but um, yeah. So that was that was pretty cool. Um, on the other hand, um, being careful about this now is that we posted a, uh, a sponsor video on the channel. And this is like a it's a lesson learned. It's one of those like lessons relearned because I I I know the lesson. I have learned the lesson many times before and yet we've still fallen into the trap. But this is just like an unfortunate set of cir circumstances. So, um, we had a video confirmed with a brand and it was confirmed at the beginning of this year and, uh, we were excited to review it because it was like an interesting product category for us. It's, you know, a product type that's performed well on the channel before. And so, we come, you signed up and said, "Look, yep, cool. Let's let's do the video. Let's let's review it. Let's do what we can do." And then, um, they they didn't rush us, but they wanted the video out as soon as possible. So, we moved our schedule around to accommodate and do that video as soon as possible. It turns out like we've just posted the video and it's May and we were expecting it to be like January, February. So it it got delayed, it got shipped to us and then it got, you know, lost somewhere and I think what basically happened is that it was so early in it in its like software that they I I believe um delayed it before it got to us. So it got to us, we we started testing, we had ran into a few problems, so we went back and forth trying to fix a lot of problems with them. And um essentially what the video turned into is a showcase because um and again this is like just reinforcing the fact of in your contracts you should retain as much creative control as possible. And I know when you're doing like sponsored dedicating content it's an issue sometimes because obviously it is a sponsored dedicated video. So there are certain things um you have to abide by certain laws and um in this particular case we weren't allowed to compare it to anything. we weren't really allowed to um really test or do much. And so, in my eyes, that just changed it to it's just going to be it's just me a showcase showcase. It's not a review. Um it's just a showcase. Here's the product. Here's what it does. Um they also asked for um like sound demonstrations in the video. And um my my opinion I I don't know if this is right or not, but rightly or wrongly on YouTube sound demonstrations are kind of pointless because like you can't tell what the sound sounds like because you know I'm recording it into first of all the sound's coming out of the thing. Then it's coming into a microphone and then that microphone is going into an audio recorder. That audio recorder is going into the editing software that gets all sorts of things done to it. And then the video gets exported which involves compression and normalization and all sorts of things. Then you upload it to YouTube. YouTube does its own wild whatever it does for compressing and audio and optimization and everything. And so by the time it actually comes out to your ears, it is nothing like it sounds in reality. And so therefore to my eyes or to my ears, um sound demonstrations are completely pointless. And so um the brands kind of doubled down and said we want more of them. We want you to like show it and demonstrate it. And so part of the video turned into sound demonstrations. And then just the the comments that have come out of this. So first of all it's a 10 out of 10 video um that has not performed very well. The reason one of many reasons why it didn't perform very well is they also controlled the title. They wanted us to in include two very very long phrases in the title which we have done and it's just killed the video. It basically took away all creative forms of um control over the video. And so what you might actually do is in maybe a few weeks or months time redo that video but our our way just to kind of not prove the point because it's a good video and it's a good sound system. It just needs to be shown the correct way. we just weren't. And this is the frustrating thing is like as the creator, as the reviewer, as the like I have my most of my integrity, maybe not as much anymore from that particular video, but like I have my integrity and I want to like show off the product to the best of our ability and um you know, from my opinion and and you know, showing how I feel it compares to various things and giving people like real consumer buying advice. You you can't do that with some of these videos. Um and so um it basically yeah it is tanked and the comments on that video uh it's it's really frustrating to see but it kind of just reinforced the huh yeah no you're you're absolutely bang on here. Um basically someone saying like we literally just basically read out the spec sheet. Um why did you bother doing sound demonstrations? It's completely pointless. Why didn't you talk about like comparisons to other things? And it's just like yeah this is yeah exactly why we shouldn't do sponsored videos. And so that's where I put my mind. And now again, um, we've got it again in the back of my mind that when we, if and when we do this again, we're going to be very, very, um, blunt with the brands and just be like, look, here is a video that we had creative control over that has performed well and got positive comments. Here is a video we had zero creative control over that has performed horribly. And look at the comments. We I've actually left the comments there for a reason, so we can show brands, you know, what happens if we do it kind of their way. And I know there are like there are reasons for certain things um when you're again when you're doing sponsored content um they're very careful about um uh copyright and intellectual property. So we didn't show um we did we didn't it's going to give away basically but we didn't we didn't show any like you know copyrighted content on in the video um you know nothing apart from some licensed music which we bought for it. Um, but we didn't show any copyrighted content. And so the comments again were like, why didn't you show anything like we actually like do watch and use and things and so like again like it's just one of those things. So we're going to leave it there. We're going to leave the comments there and show them look this this is the the before and after. Essentially this is what happens with creative control. This is what happens without creative control. And also hopefully this is the follow-up we then did with our full creative control and show how that performs. So it's one of those things. It's a lesson learned for us in the channel. Um, again, that will have a ne negative impact on the channel because brands will see that and go like, hm, your videos don't perform that well anymore. Now, what I did notice is that other people have done the exact same thing. Um, basically made the exact same video and named it in the exact same way and they've obviously boosted and paid to boost their views. Um, so to all intents and purposes, their videos look like they have views. Um, some of them even have a lot of comments. I wonder if some of these creators are waking up to buying comments and likes and things on their videos just to make it less obvious. Um, but yeah, it's just one of those things. So, again, lesson learned. Um, other things that have come through the inbox this week. Um, I this is a interesting one that's developing. So, I might be going to China to shoot a video for a company out there and it's a it's a really old one. So, the original request was that we were going to go out there, read their script, and they would shoot, they would film the script. They they would script, shoot, and edit the video and post it on their channel. And so that video has now changed into um the recent request has now come through it being posted on my channel as well. At which point again taking into account what's just happened um taking into account that we are push we push back very very heavily said look no we we are not going to do that we're not going to post it on our channel. Um what we will entertain is we will entertain um me doing it as like a collaboration post. So it's the brand that posts it but in collaboration with me. Now it does appear on my home feed but and again other concerns I had here is that that then uh exonerates me and my channel and my analytics and my data from any form of boosted traffic. So that if that brand chooses to boost their video then that is up to them and if they do all that does is impact their channel. It doesn't impact my channel. Um, which is another issue when you do um, you know, paid boosted traffic on your channel is it kind of kills the video because YouTube doesn't really know what to do with it because it's just had an influx of people um, paid people watching and then not really watching because they only stay around for like 5 seconds to register as a view and then they drop off because they're, you know, bossed views essentially. Um, so yeah, that's an interesting one that's come through. Um, not sure how that's going to turn out. We're going to see what that evolves into, but that was an interesting one. But like literally the fact that the the brand is willing to pay to fly me out their hotels, shoot the video, fly me back again, and pay me to do that as well is quite a wild thing all the way to China for that kind of thing. Um, now something I did I I did find interesting. So when I was on trip to um it was a Dubai trip with Huawei and it was for a foldable launcher a couple of years back or what have you and I was really confused. So, we basically we flew out there. They gave us a foldable phone that you couldn't even buy outside of China. And I was just kind of there going like, well, I can't really like make a video on this because a it's a foldable phone which people aren't or weren't at the time interested in. And b you can't buy outside of China and therefore no one on my channel is going to watch it. And um when I asked them about like what's the point in flying a load of like western influencer content creators out to do this when you can't buy it in any outside of China, their response was basically look look the Chinese people just love when Westerners like review their products and feature it and and you know show it. So um maybe that's a reason why they want to fly me out there to talk in front of a camera. Interesting. Next up, and I don't have a huge amount of time, so I'm going to blitz through this list here. Um, I feel like we're getting to the stage where just like in previous weeks I've slowly and I'm still developing it very slowly. Like we're getting to the stage where AI tools like Clawude and Claw Code and Claw Design, all that kind of stuff. I I feel like it's going to kill off the SAS industry. And obviously that's like you know like uh just maybe blowing up bigger than it is for most people generalist you know people that haven't really got stuck into AI which is most people in in the grand scheme of things is not going to change much but there is going to be a vast majority of people um particularly in B2B stuff I feel as well in that um people that are using claws to design their own systems it's it's just going to replace the SAS software where they're using. Um, case in point, like I've built a number of tools now that now almost completely replace the systems we're using. Um, so I have built, for those that haven't, uh, been following, he's going to refresh the dashboard and have a look. Um, I've built a brand tracker. Oh, wow, the lights have all gone off because it's that time of the day. Um, let me switch it back on again. So, I've built a brand tracker that um basically just keeps an eye on the brands we're messaging and reminds me to do a follow-up and that kind of stuff. I've built a project management that replace replaces monday.com. I've built an affiliate dashboard that replaces affiliate, which is another monthly thing I spend money on. Um, and we've also got a content strategy thing I've created as well, uh, which analyzes YouTube channels, finds out ideas, and makes recommendations for me based on my data and all sorts as well. um doesn't work very well otherwise our videos would be performing a lot better. But um but just the fact I've replaced monday.com and I've replaced affiliates with essentially free tools that I just coded in a week um is just fascinating to me. And I saw a post on LinkedIn where it was some random company that basically said, "We've just hired like a junior guy and he has done more months in a week of him being here than someone would do in 3 months of working there." And basically all the guy did was build a completely new CRM system for that company. Best spoke for them exactly what they wanted, exactly tracking the stuff they needed um and had it built. Now, I know there's a lot of risks and security concerns and all sorts and they are very much valid. Um, but again, this is the worst AI is ever going to be. It's only getting better from here. And um, the fact now in my Monday replacement dashboard thing, if I want to add a feature, I I can add add a feature there and then. I can test it. I can play with it. I can change how it works. If I want a feature on monday.com, I have to go and like go onto a board and add the idea and then upvote it and then hope the development team sees it and then maybe they'll add it in. Like I I'm I need like a bespoke YouTube/content creation system that ties into all the social platforms. Like at the moment, mine's putting in data from YouTube once we posted the video, the views, the likes, the comments, and um when it's posted on Instagram and Tik Tok and um YouTube Shorts, like it can tag and know that I've posted on those platforms. so I can quickly scan through and know that I've posted that video on all platforms. So there's just so much stuff it can do and I just feel like it will be at the stage where SAS SAS companies like Monday, like notion, you know, like anything, email platforms, whatever it might be, um are just going to find a point when it's actually just quicker for companies to just create their own software. Um I actually saw, completely random tangent here, I actually saw someone um use Claude to code Windows 12. They were just like create Windows 12 and make no mistakes and it just went away and created a whole like in browser desktop experience with full guey and it looks really polished and clean. Um obviously there's a lot more to it to build an operating system but I just find that fascinating. Next on the list is a couple of things. There's always a thing in the back of my mind of like, hm, maybe we should do that, maybe we should try that, maybe we should start this. And a couple of things that popped on my list are starting a second channel um where we are not editing. It's just like a one-take publish. And again, a similar strategy to the short form videos we're doing at the moment where it shorts allow us to cover a lot more products and and feature a lot more brands and work with a lot more brands and do sponsored shorts. Um, but I feel like that to a certain point misses out a part of the audience because actually a lot of the time it just needs a case of like let's just sit down at a desk, products on the desk, let me just tell you about the product. Like there's no fancy B-roll, there's no fancy editing or scripting. It's just like let's just sit down and give you a quick five minutes on this product. Um, and maybe it's like a, you know, there was a trend of content of like review of the latest, you know, iPhone 17 review, but I respect your time, like that kind of stuff. Um, but it's just a real simple sit down, post a video live almost and see how that goes. So, that's in the back of my mind. And then at the same time, I'm thinking like, do we do a podcast? Because when we do our like big reviews of like monitors or we did the the Android users, uh, forcing iPhone people to switch to Android, we got loads of comments and feedback and questions off the back of that where actually having something like a podcast format would allow us time and space to explore and answer those comments and responds. Um, loads of people are like, "Well, you didn't do this." And actually, one of them, one of your guys isn't technical at all. And actually, he is very technical. He just, you know, was approaching this as a traditional user kind of perspective. Um, so there's another thing. Maybe we should do that. And this is like very much like, oh, I'm getting distracted by the new shiny toy again. Um, what should we talk about? Um, again there's the shorts versus longs approach which is a question where so we are currently in week one of just focusing on shorts. Um, we've shot we're technically week two of shooting them but week one of posting them. So we've got not enough data yet to know what we're doing but at the end of next week we will have consistently posted shorts across all three platforms for long enough to hopefully get some data to know like what kind of shorts perform well whe you know how they're shot, how they're edited. um which platforms do does which content perform better on. So we're going to hopefully get enough data from those two weeks of posting short form videos so we know if we do shorts again, well not if but we're like when we do shorts again, what shorts like what should we concentrate on? And um we are going to be sitting down in tomorrow, maybe the next few days, maybe the end of next week to look at our Q3 um publishing schedule um because it's rapidly approaching and brands are looking for Q3 budget spend. So, we want to get on top of it and make sure we've got our video schedule kind of confirmed. And this is the whole like I was chatting this about this earlier today, like this is the whole balancing act because you're trying to balance um creating high performing videos and finding a sponsor for that video. But to be able to do that, you kind of almost need like a month or two's worth of freedom to go and make those videos and have them perform well. But in the meantime, when you're trying to balance like a business and bringing money in, when you're trying to, you know, trying to reach out and say like, "Hey, we're trying to find a sponsor this video. Hey, we're not going to sponsor that video, but actually, could you do a dedicated video about this product instead? Now, most of the time we say no to a lot of them, but there are a few situations where it it is a good thing, like the uh LG monitors, we do a lot of sponsored LG monitors because those perform well on channel. We have a format that with our dedicated um reviews where we feel we can still make a good video and, you know, it's not like ethically challenged at all. We can still review it and basically we just test it and make sure it says it we make sure it does what it says it can do. and there's no like opinions other than like, hey, this would be great for content creators or gamers or whatever it might be. Um, so like you're trying to balance the two, right? Because you've got the dedicated videos that come in which aren't going to perform as well as those hopeful like, you know, big banger videos you've got, but you need to find a sponsor for it. And so this whole balancing act um and actually I bumped into um guy called George um who does kind of gaming productivity lifestyle content and he's taken like two months off just to do shorts just kind of figure out what he wants to do in terms of his long form because again like views again are all over the the place on YouTube right now and I found that was quite inspiring to be able to take the time off to to do that. um he is just himself whereas I have a team of people which again makes this whole thing a lot harder because you have to keep the wheel spinning because you got to pay people to be able to make the content to be able to find sponsors and earn money to pay people to make content and it just that you know the wheel wheel keeps spinning. Um, but on a similar tax, like it's quite disheartening to see your inbox all the time where it's just the the the replies from bands a lot of the time are like, well, you know, your views aren't where they could be and so we only value your channel at like $1,000 or $500 for a short or for a long form video or dedicated review, whatever it is. I I you see a lot of those. Um, and it's fun sometimes negotiating, but it's just the the vast contrast between the huge amount of brands that lowball you versus doing some big brand deals with brands that, you know, um, 10, 20, $30,000 for like one dedicated video or a few short form videos for, you know, big tens of thousands of dollars or pounds for short form videos or long form videos. And so there's this again huge contrast of like how does like how can you be worth you know 20 30 40 grand to this brand but only $500 to this brand and you have to like disconnect your like your feelings from it a lot of the time. But also it does mean that a lot of the the months you're running through going like oh we we haven't got we haven't got much coming through like what what do we do? And then all of a sudden you get like a good brand deal come through and it's like cool okay that's that's a great one. Like they value us we value them. We're going to spend a lot of time and make a great thing. Hopefully they don't then put loads of um you know pressure on you and restrictions and what you can and can't do because you just want to do a good job for the brand and you know um make it work for for everyone involved, the viewer, you as a creator and the brand as well. Um, so there is that. But then on that note, again, getting to this, there was another creator I bumped into recently who said a brand approached him and he's he's 300 to I'm going to put in the 300 to 500,000 subscriber uh bucket of kind of YouTube content creators. And um he had a brand approach him and said like, "Hey, we'll give you $100,000 if you can make three videos for us." He's got a few different channels, so it was like two videos on channel one and one video on channel two, all within the same month. And like again, that kind of stuff just comes out of nowhere. In the meantime, you're trying to negotiate over 500, you know, brands who want to spend $500 on something. So, it's just a case of just sticking around. And it is this balance of like no one really knows what's going on. Um, should you be spending time on creating premium, highquality, beautiful, buttery B-roll videos that don't perform well, but maybe brands will pay attention to it and, you know, like it and therefore want to spend money with you to create beautiful videos. Um, or do you focus on less production, more effort in the packaging and titling and making like, you know, bigger video ideas that will perform better, but maybe aren't shot as well. And it's that whole like whole balancing act. Um, and to that effect, I think I mentioned this in the last week's video, but I'll wrap up with this is that in in our like monitor videos, for example, is a key key one. We spend a lot of time on our monitor videos. um you know week two weeks worth of testing and like putting up like colorometers and like brightness tests and FPS performance with various gaming specs, PCs and all sorts. We do all this. I write down all my notes and test results. We script it all. We read the A-roll and shoot the A- roll. We shoot the B-roll. We get all the clips we need and like sliding jib shots and all sorts. Um but actually we're going to look at doing our next set of monitor reviews just like almost like the mics clip to me and the box turns up and like cool. Okay, let's let's unbox it. This is the so and so monitor. Oh, you look you get like you get this cable. You get this cable. You get this cable. Let's set it up. Cool. Okay, now it's set up. Let's plug it in. Let's see what kind of the color looks like. Okay. Yep. Color looks great. Um it's not going too much more into the details because like we aren't a techy techy techy channel. We're like a techy channel that simplifies it for the consumers. And so there's that. Again, there's that balance to find there. But we're gonna be trying that with our monitor videos because that's like a a tried and tested format that does work for the channel. Um, but also it'll be good if that also worked for the channel without having to put half the amount of work into the shooting and then it makes the edit process quicker. It makes just the whole process quicker and then means we can churn out, you know, not churn out more videos, but like spend more time on the other videos and like balance stuff out a bit more. So, um, yeah, I am going to leave it at that because that was a lot in not much time and my dinner is ready and my wife's going to she wants me home in like 4 minutes. So, um, thank you so much for watching. Uh, do leave comments down below. If you want to ask any questions, please do by all means leave them on the YouTube video or DM me, uh, if you can, and I'll respond to them in the next video. So, thank you so much. See you in the next one. Cheers. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ideal-Setup: Man, thanks for sharing that lesson with paid sponsorships. Creative control is something most brands shouldn't be asking for. And you gave a great example why. They need to trust the creator to do what they think is best. Like for sure, double check to make sure we didn't make a mistake or mispoke about the product/service. But that's it.

Also, when it comes to people paying for views. Are brands not aware of that and how they are basically being lied to/stolen from from creators that do it? I've seen at least two large tech channels do this constantly and i'm surprised brands haven't realized this. One of them did a review about a robot vacuum (for some reason it's always a vacuum, lol).

Check this. The video got 232k views as of now. Only two comments........

Next video. Pathway lights for the outside of your home........395k views. No comments, although it looks like some were deleted.

Over 100k subs for this channel. Blows my mind because their video quality is pretty high.

- Marathon is the Greatest “Flop” I’ve Ever Played: Kind: captions Language: en In the year 2001, a little movie came out called The Fellowship of the Ring. You've probably heard of it. And in that movie, Gandalf says something you've also probably heard before. That being, "A wizard is never late, nor is he early. He arrives precisely when he means to." Bungie's latest game, Marathon, has been out for nearly 2 months. And in that amount of time, I have made a whopping zero videos. Because of that, some of you may have been thinking that I'm so late to the party that perhaps a video on the full game wasn't coming at all. After all, the reviews are out. The online discourse has mostly settled. Crimson Desert and a mouse game and all this other stuff has released. Surely the marathon video isn't coming. But rest assured, just like Gandalf, this video is here and it is arriving precisely when it should. Probably not according to the YouTube algorithm, but it is according to me. You see, there is a simple reason why I haven't made a video in so long. I make YouTube videos for fun. I review and talk about games because I enjoy it. And let me tell you, it is really hard to review a game when you don't want to stop playing it. And play it. I have almost 90 hours worth. Maybe that isn't some insane amount to you, but for me, that certainly is. To put that into perspective, that is actually the second most amount of time I've put into a game on Steam. Second to none other than Destiny 2. What that says about your boy, I don't want to know. Now, if we include other platforms like PlayStation, it would likely fall several spots, but the point remains the same. I have been playing a lot of Marathon, and I have a lot to say about it. If you've been here watching my videos for a while, you would know I've sort of always had a lot to say about Marathon, and it wasn't always positive. My first video covering the game was titled, "No one knows who Marathon is for, not even Bungie." And while that may have been true at one point, boy, do I look stupid for saying that now. Because if there's one thing you can say about Marathon, whether you like the game or not, it absolutely knows who it's for. And that clear direction is somehow simultaneously its greatest asset and its biggest pitfall, but I'll touch on that more later. To put it simply, I kind of love this game, and I can't believe how good it turned out given how things looked when it was initially shown off to the world. I mean, this game had so much stacked against it, from a director change to layoffs to a stolen art scandal, a pretty horrible reveal, and perhaps worst of all, having to deal with the disgruntled Destiny community of which I'm a part of. Okay, put those pitchforks down. And look, whether you consider Marathon to be a success or a flop is relative to how you look at games. Despite thinking Marathon is an excellent shooter, I'm not going to shy away from the financials. That side is there and that side is real. However, solely focusing on that does this game a major disservice. Games are a business, yes, but there is more to them than just numbers on a spreadsheet. Whenever Marathon is brought up, a large number of people bring up Destiny or Sony and Bungie or what they would have preferred Marathon to be rather than what it actually is. or Concord and Highguard and whatever the next failed live service game is. And all of that is fine to an extent. It's relevant, but all of those things have one thing in common. They have nothing to do with the actual game that exists. So, let's look at what Marathon actually is, what it offers as a game. Before doing that though, if you would allow me to make a bit of a personal note, I'd appreciate it. As I'm sure pretty much all of you know, the games industry has been going through a rough time lately. Layoffs, studio closures, people who love making games finding themselves without a place to do so. Without getting too much into the details, this is something I have watched happen up close twice now. And while my position wasn't personally affected either time, many of my colleagues and friends cannot say the same. Obviously, my firsthand experience making video games professionally shapes the way I talk about them. It always has. And despite that, it will not prevent me from keeping it a buck with y'all. But this video for me will be a bit different because when I talk about a game like Marathon succeeding or failing, I understand what's behind those words in a way I wish I didn't. One of those friends happens to be a content creator himself, streaming over on Twitch most days in the evenings. He plays an assortment of games, mainly RPGs. You may even see him playing some Marathon with yours truly perhaps. Who knows? I'll leave his channel link below so you can check him out. Thanks, guys. So, I've made it pretty clear up to this point that I really like Marathon, but why is that? And what changed from the time I initially saw it to now? When I look back at my earlier videos, pretty much all of my hesitations about the game have fallen into a few different camps. They were either directly addressed by Bungie prior to release. Turned out to not be that big of a deal or I was just wrong. Now, that's not to say I think Marathon is like this alltime classic perfect game or something. There's problems I have with it and things I would want Bungie to fix. But I do believe overall it's an exceptionally well-made shooter. So, the problem with Marathon, and I use the word problem there very loosely, isn't what you'd normally see with a lot of games. Unlike many new games, especially live service ones, Marathon is a complete experience. There are tons of quests and story content to get through. There's a full suite of interesting characters to play as, even though I only play as Triage, apparently. There are tons of weapons and gameplay modifiers. There's a distinctive, unique aesthetic. There's a respectable number of maps that each serve a different purpose. The game runs well, free of any massive performance issues or bugs. You are not bombarded with countless overpriced cosmetics. Not everyone is going to agree with this one, but I think for a new PvP shooter, it is surprisingly well balanced. There's very few times I feel like I died from some BS or something like that. There's even a fully fleshed out endgame activity that has a clear end goal to shoot for. And Bungie has been doing a really good job being active with the community and responding to player feedback. And I know y'all Destiny players are mad about that one. The loop of Marathon is really clear and really simple. The gameplay systems, the environment design, the story all work together towards this. Getting to the marathon ship, figuring out what happened, beating the vaults, and living to tell the tale. You go from perimeter to dire marsh to outpost. Each success inching you closer, each failure pushing you further away. Every new destination introduces new challenges to face, new obstacles to overcome, new puzzles to solve. It's this really well-made push and pull. If you're struggling, don't have enough good gear, or are lacking the credits necessary, you can go back to one of the easier maps to stock up and improve, knowing that you are moving further away from that end goal of the marathon ship. And as you improve, you collect better gear, which you will need to take on the game's biggest challenges. Marathon has this element in it that you don't see in a lot of other games where instead of the game being about collecting items, the game, I think, is about gaining knowledge. In Marathon, you will die a lot. That awesome gold whatever item will get lost. And as a matter of fact, the only way to overcome the next challenge is to put that gold weapon on the line. Bungie achieves this by having some of the more difficult activities in the game have a gear minimum where your items have to equate to a specified value. But they also forced this in a more subtle way by just making the game really hard. If you want to hold on to your rarest items and opt to use cheaper ones, you will get stomped. Marathon is like that movie Live Die Repeat or Edge of Tomorrow or whatever it was called. Once you can accept that death is part of the journey and each failure has merit gained through experience, the whole thing clicks. And this creates a really interesting problem for Bungie. One that I was alluding to earlier. I don't think I'm going to blow anyone's mind when I say this, but things in life are more rewarding when they feel earned, when there was some sort of struggle leading up to it. This is why hitting a PR in the gym is so rewarding. by playing neon feels way better than smoke on the water or when you put the USB cable in the right way on the first try. None of these things would be nearly as satisfying if they were just handed to you with no resistance. And this is exactly where Marathon sits. Marathon is a hardcore niche shooter. It takes an existing punishing genre and makes it even more punishing, adding puzzles, light buildcrafting, and emphasizing PvP. If gaming was water, Marathon is like ultra super mega filtered water. It is going through that filtration process multiple times and in the end a lot has been removed. But man is what remains pure. What's going on with Marathon isn't really all that surprising. The game isn't blowing up in popularity like we saw with Arc Raiders or Hell Divers, but it is reviewed exceptionally well with an avid player base. So, in essence, the problem with Marathon is that there is a much higher barrier to entry than what you usually see with games of this scope. However, if you were to take Marathon and remove some of those barriers, you remove the very parts of it that make it so good. I think this is a big reason why we've seen Bungie add experimental cues such as the Dire Marsh starter kit one. It's a playlist that allows players to explore the map on an even playing field. They won't get as much in the way of rewards, but they also don't have to risk as much. It's a good way to make the game a bit more casual without ruining the core experience. For example, if you've played Marathon, you've probably been killed by some random mine sitting somewhere. And of course, in a game like this, death means losing everything you brought in with you. That is a tough experience. However, it is going through those challenges, then overcoming them, which makes the gameplay loop feel so rewarding. To remove the mind is to remove the very thing that makes the eventual success feel as good as it does. You have to fail to then succeed. This is something we have seen in FromSoft games and others like it for years. It is a purposeful aspect of the design. And I think this design is really interesting for Bungie specifically, especially coming off of making Destiny for a decade where, let's be honest, most of us get one gun we really like and then never swap off of it. And the only way for Bungie to get us to use other things is to make even better things. This is why Destiny is the way it is today. They either eventually sunset all the items we've earned, which pisses everyone off, or they just keep making everything more and more powerful, leading to insane power creep. If you don't believe me, just look at Destiny 1 vanilla gameplay compared to modern-day Destiny 2. It is insane. A game like Marathon gets rid of this issue completely because anything you earn, no matter how powerful, will simply not be held on to forever unless you're me cuz I never die. You know, but there is also the other side of this. Games aren't learning to play an instrument or working on your body or something that has a lot of merit for most people. Video games are fun. For many, they are a reprieve from the more difficult things in life. So, if they walk into a room and get blown up by a mine and lose their gun or get third party by some team sitting all the way in the bushes, that can be frustrating to the point of quitting. In order to have fun in Marathon, you kind of need to have moments where you're not really having fun, if you know what I mean. You have to change the way you see success and accomplishment. A lot of people are just not going to be interested in that, and I don't blame them. But here's another thing to consider. Each time you die in Marathon, sure you lose your stuff and you will die more often in Marathon than in something like Arc Raiders because there's just way more PvP. In Marathon, it is shoot on site. We if we were just nice to each other, you know how much loot we'd all have at this point? But it's important to remember that each time you die and drop a purple or gold item, the person that kills you just saw a purple or gold item pop up for them to take. In no other extraction shooter that I've played can you go from rags to riches as fast as you can in Marathon. There are times I've loaded in with a free kit and come out with like several purple items. Most people focus on the losing aspect of these games when in reality they go both ways. Your loss is always someone's gain and vice versa. And I think it's this combined with the cool sci-fi world, first person shooting, and emphasis on PvP with puzzles that has made Marathon the first extraction shooter I really like. Now, I understand I've just spent however many minutes talking about why I really like Marathon. And in that time, you may have been sitting there listening to me describe it and say, "That doesn't sound fun at all." And that's kind of the point. The reason why someone like myself may love Marathon is the exact reason why another person won't be interested in it. We are not all going to like the same things. For some people though, Marathon's barriers to entry may not be okay because they look at estimated costs of the game and the amount Sony paid to acquire Bungie and the suggested copies sold. Let me be really clear. Do I have any idea how long Marathon servers will be up? I do not. Do I know if Sony plans to dismantle Bungie as a studio? Nope. Anything is possible. But what I'm trying to do in this video is take a moment to acknowledge that no matter what happens, Marathon is a good video game. Every year we hear people complain online about games being increasingly corporate, games being safe. We see the same Assassin's Creed and Madden and Call of Duty and whatever. We hate these big corporations looking at games like spreadsheets, stifling creativity in favor of whatever is going to sell the most copies. But then something like Marathon comes out, a game that you may not like personally, but it's bold and stylistic, doesn't play like anything else, and was clearly made with immense creativity. And all anyone seems to want to talk about is Steam charts and sales figures. I'm not claiming Bungie purposefully made something they didn't think would be financially successful for the the sake of us or whatever. I have no way of knowing that. But I do think they refuse to be boring to achieve it. This idea you see pushed around online all the time that like just make a good game, people will buy it is reductive. These people act like life is like a vending machine that if you just put in the right effort, you are guaranteed a specific outcome. That is how certain things work like with math or nutrition. But that is not how all success is measured. Because unlike numbers or calories that are these binary things, humans are messy. You can do what's right by every objective metric we have and still not get the outcome you want. The amount of thumbnails I see on YouTube that are just game Steam chart number used both positively and negatively, it's just astounding to me. Popularity is just popularity. It doesn't equate to quality. It might increase the odds of that thing being quality, but it's not always going to mean that. If it did, all of the AI slop on the internet that gets hundreds of millions of views should be revered like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Mona Lisa. And I'm not trying to get derailed here or call anyone out specifically, but when a game does well commercially, it can never just be that. It's always indie studio doing well, so we got to dunk on AAA studio. It's like these people have forgotten from elementary school that you don't have to put someone down to give someone else a compliment. It can just be I'm happy to see this small studio have success. Period. End of the sentence. How many thousands of game developers need to get laid off for these people to realize that failure for AAA studios is only felt by those who are just doing their jobs and don't have any say in any of the decisions you think are stupid. Dunking on a company like EA is not felt by Andrew Wilson. It is felt from Joe from QA. And yes, the corporate mindset cares about output because that's what shows up on the balance sheet. And I'm not even saying they're wrong for doing that. They have jobs to do, too. At the end of the day, there are practical considerations for running a business. But players are just players, people who should be looking for a fun game to play. Instead, there are so many players out there that employ themselves as unpaid financial consultants for a multi-billion dollar studio, and it is cringey as hell. I have zero clue what the future holds for Marathon. I have zero clue what the future holds for Bungie. I would love it if the game continued, and I would love me a Destiny 3 or a Destiny 1 remastered or whatever. From the human sense, I care. I care about the studio and those that work there despite not knowing any of them personally. And I think they should be proud of what they made. But player counts, whether or not the game made a profit or matched Sony's projections of which we don't even know, I do not normally swear on this channel. But I do not give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I am playing the game because I like it. I play it with my friends because we have fun playing it together. That's it. So maybe the game is a flop financially. Maybe Sony is kicking themselves for buying Bungie just for them to make super niche game. I don't know. I don't care. And honestly, you shouldn't either. Thanks for watching the video. I'll see youall on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @falu1124 [2 likes]: IGN level game review, do not watch.

I clicked on this video to learn about marathon, learned all most nothing - that there are classes (still don't know how they are different from one another) that the progression is based on which harder map you are able to clear? is that right? "rags to riches" @12:40 - brother, what are you talking about. first you tell us that there are maps where you have to have min loot requirement @7:55 and  5 min later that you can get rich quick - just because of that you can get rich quicker in ARC raiders where there are no such limitations (you can easily kill a player with kettle or the other full auto) . It seams that in this game there is no permanent progression as there is in ARC - blueprints, improving base etc. So the reward from playing ARC is bigger then from this game - in ARC you get knowledge as well as permanent progression - you have to learn a lot in ARC to be able to survive and fight with ARC's, you can even use ARC's to your own advantage against other enemies if you are smart enough to know how different systems in game work. 

Watched to learn about marathon left with some idea but nothing concrete.
  2. @g0mium [2 likes]: This game is objectively a great game. People talking about numbers or picking a side like it's a competition of Arc vs Marathon is childish. It gives PS vs XBOX vibes. Why do you care about numbers? We as consumers should care about the experience and the experience is great. I love when people take risks. This game feels original and made with passion. I hope time rewards the developers with success. (sorry for bad english)
  3. @jiveairplane [2 likes]: This is such a well written video essay about the game. Might be the best gaming video essay I’ve ever heard. 

I wish my friends would download Marathon it’s so fun once you lose the gear fear.
  4. @maggie937 [2 likes]: When u try to describe what's so unique about marathon but just end up explaining the basic concept of every extraction shooter. Kinda funny
  5. @Claydough556 [1 likes]: Make another video since Bungie decided to kill Destiny 2
  6. @IlKitsunelI [1 likes]: Hahahahahahaha
  7. @Hazcrestfallen [1 likes]: Anyone that says "should have focused on destiny" can not speak to me coz god so I hate destiny 😭 but i love marathon
  8. @KonradMontwill [1 likes]: it is interesting that you say it does not play like anything else, because its gameflow  looks exactly like any other fast paced FPS just with neon lego aesthetic
  9. @MrGreen_117 [1 likes]: It's almost like Bungie thought all the people they screwed in destiny 2 were really going to forget
  10. @AevasHouse: Knowing that Marathon started out as a Doom clone back in the 90’s and then playing the starting  contracts and how it throws you in without crew fill made me want to try and play it like a boomer shooter and I think that was the girl especially for solo runners and I love it
  11. @sgtORNJ: Watched this 3 times already
  12. @rosameltrozo5889: Marathon needed a solid single player campaign
  13. @adamobrienty: Incredible reference to John makers neon that im sure that the tiny Venn diagram of guitar players and marathon players will love
  14. @Subatomicash: Another ive jumped on the marathon hater trend for YouTube clicks video
  15. @tubingforever: Neon reference is everything
  16. @Cho0c0: The water metaphor is kind of on point cause destile water is not good for consumption...
  17. @dranek: Why do you care if I care?
  18. @V-R_CLT: I like this video. First time watching.
  19. @Geilswijk: You nail it.
I fell for the art style, but stayed for skill sealing. Not that I'm good, fare from it. But I get better, slowly, and I keep running.
  20. @g0mium: Someone with common sense finally.

- Why Your Views Die After 48 Hours (and how to fix it): Kind: captions Language: en We've all had that feeling when we post out a brand new video, it starts getting some views, we get excited, and then two days later, nothing. Like, the views just stop. Well, that's not random. There's actually a reason this keeps happening. And once you understand what it is, everything changes. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly why that happens. And then I'll share five steps you can take to revive any video that stops getting views. So firstly, let's talk about why this actually happens. Because when you post out a new video, YouTube will immediately put it into what's called a test phase. And this is where the algorithm suggests your video to a small group of people. And the people in this small group is usually made up of your own subscribers and a few random people who've watched content similar to yours recently, but don't actually subscribe to you yet. And basically this test is done to analyze how those people in that group behave when they see your video. And this test will look at things like do they click on your video? Do they watch past the first 30 seconds? Did they finish the video? Did they like or comment on your video? And finally, do they watch another one of your videos afterwards? And basically all this does is this early data tells YouTube everything it needs to know about your video. Because if plenty of people click on your video and watch it, it means your video scores well in the test and YouTube will then start expanding its reach and pushing out to more and more people and therefore you'll get more and more views. But however, if those viewers in the first test don't click on your video or if they do click on it but then leave early or if they just don't engage with it at all, then the algorithm will assume it's not an interesting video or that it's a bad quality video and therefore it's going to stop recommending it. And that's why most of you will see a sudden little burst of views at the start and then nothing. Now, if that does happen to you, then it just means your video failed that first test. But that doesn't necessarily mean your video is bad or dead. It could just mean that the algorithm was suggesting that video to the wrong audience in the first place. Now, look, I know what I'm about to say might seem unfair, but bigger channels like mine, we don't suffer from this as much because our audiences are already trained. YouTube knows exactly what kind of viewer loves our content, but if your channel is smaller or inconsistent, the algorithm basically has no pattern to follow. So, every new video basically starts from zero. Now, the good news is if you do have a video that dies off after 48 hours, you can actually re-trigger the testing phase at any time. Like I said, there are five different things you can do to revive views on any video, and I'm going to break them all down for you right now. All right. So, the very first thing I recommend you do is add timestamps using keywords that are related to both your niche and the video itself. This is a great little way of adding in some sneaky SEO and discoverability to your video. And doing so basically actually re-triggers your SEO rankings because you're actually adding more metadata to the video on top of what it already had. And if you don't know what time stamps are, they're these things here, like little chapters. They break up the video, but they also add more context and SEO. Now, for me, I always actually usually write mine like this. I don't particularly like giving away the information. So, I'll say like method one, method two, method three, as it kind of keeps the content a secret and makes you need to watch it to find out. But if the views on this video died out, I would need to go in there and give it some more life. So, I would swap these into something a bit more SEO keyword heavy. And to do so, I'd get rid of method 1, method 2, method three, and instead I'd write something more like YouTube growth method one or how to get more views or best YouTube growth tips or YouTube growth tips one, YouTube growth tips two, for example. That way, I'm still describing the video, but I'm throwing in a few more related keywords to my niche in there as well, and the algorithm loves it. Then the next method is one that actually barely anyone talks about, which I find strange, but this can completely revive a dead video overnight if done correctly. And this is what I call seasonal or timely refreshing. Because here's the thing, YouTube loves fresh content. And sometimes your video just needs a bit of tiny new fresh data. So let me explain what I mean. Basically, if your video covers a topic that's timebased, like trends or certain products or travel spots or workouts or even like tips for the new year, you can easily give it a second life by updating it to match what's relevant right now. For example, if you posted a video called, I don't know, the top 10 best side hustles, but it's completely dead now after 48 hours, don't delete it. Instead, go in and just update a few key things. change the title to something like best side hustles for 2025 brackets updated. And then maybe even go into the thumbnail just to include the text 2025 as well because when you do this, YouTube actually treats it like a fresh little upload and it's going to re-evaluate your video and start another little micro test. And you can also do this with seasonal content, too. For example, let's say you have a video titled summer workout plan. You could just refresh this by updating the title to summer workout plan 2025. or if you're in travel, turn, let's say, top European destinations into something like top European destinations for winter 2025. That kind of stuff. This tiny little change can completely reset your entire click-through rate, and it can help YouTube to retest your video to a brand new audience that's actively searching for that content right now. So, just give it a try. Then, this next one might sound a little scary, but trust me, it works. So, if your video is completely dead after 48 hours, don't be afraid to re-edit the first 15 seconds and then re-upload it as a new video. Here's why. Most videos fail not because the content is bad, but because the hook doesn't grab attention fast enough, and YouTube retention data proves it. You will always see the biggest drop off of viewers within the first 30 seconds. So, if you can fix that, you can completely change how the algorithm treats your video. But if your video is like really dead and not bringing in any views at all, even after you've tried to revive it, like with one of the other methods, then here's what you can do instead. You should test a full re-upload, but instead with an improved opening hook and packaging. And to do this, you just need to make three small but powerful changes. Number one, obviously add a new thumbnail. Number two, try a different title. And number three, rewrite and re-record your first 15 seconds to hook people in better than before. Because like I said, sometimes the video itself is actually perfectly fine. But it could just be that the hook or the first impression has killed it. So just never be scared to re-upload a video with a few tweaks and just go again. And you don't even have to delete the old one if you don't want to. Then the next thing I want you to do is improve your audience signals. And what I mean by this is if your audience isn't watching enough related videos before or after watching your video, then the algorithm basically can't find a proper viewing journey pattern. So in this case, if you have videos that keep dying off after 48 hours, then you need to manually create a mini viewer path. And that's basically where you link your dead video to the best performing ones on your channel. So now I want you to go into your YouTube studio, find all of your best performing videos that are still bringing in a few views here and there, and then do the following. First of all, I want you to go in and pin a link to the top of the comments of each video and the description. And it's basically going to say something like, "If you enjoy this video, give this one a watch next. I'm sure you're going to love it." This means that they'll have another one of your videos to click on to as soon as they're done watching the current one. And then I also want you to add cards and end screens onto those videos as well, which again will point those viewers to your new video. Look, I know this might feel like a lot of work, but once you get the hang of it, it will become second nature to you. Doing so will allow you to reconnect the dead video into an active viewer journey, and that is what we want. And then finally, similar to the end screens trick we mentioned right at the start of the video, the final thing I would suggest you do is link all of your shorts to your new video. And you should know by now that YouTube gives you the option to link specific shorts to specific videos. So if viewers see one of your shorts, they will then be automatically suggested one of your long- form videos, too. It's basically going to come up here. It's another handy little trick you can use to drive traffic to a new video. So, I would suggest that every time you post a new video, go into every single shot on your channel and link your latest video to all of them. This will help with that extra few bit of views and exposure. And you could also use a tool like Nexus Clips to clip up those long form videos into shorts because like I said, having shorts directly related to your long form videos is the best way to grow your channel and bring in a very strong audience. So, when you do post out a new video, upload it to Nexus Clips, get the AI tool to clip up into five different shorts from that one video automatically, and then upload those shorts straight away to YouTube and link them all to your long form video. That way, you've posted like five bits of content from one video. And that's five different options of getting views. Anyway, look, if you're struggling to grow on YouTube right now, investing in a YouTube growth course could be the smartest move you'll ever make. Every successful creator you see on YouTube, whether it's Mr. beast, Ali Abdal, or anyone in between has at some point bought a course or paid for some sort of mentorship. Because the truth is, learning directly from the people who've already figured it out is the biggest cheat code to success on YouTube. And that's exactly why I created the YouTube Wealth Academy. I've spent the last 12, maybe even 15 months building it from the ground up. Taking everything I've learned from growing my own free channels and condensing it into one simple step-by-step system for all new, small, and even intermediate creators. Right now, you can grab it with $100 off using code 24 hours. Link is in the description below. But if you're not ready for that just yet, no worries. YouTube thinks that this video on screen right now is the perfect one for you to watch next. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [36 likes]: Work with me here (spots closing soon): https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @SynthhClips [1 likes]: my videos usally get around 2k-30k and completly flatline
help me dude
  3. @EchoesforyouLifetime [1 likes]: This song feels like a midnight memory 🌙✨
I tried creating cinematic English versions of Bollywood classics on my channel “Luna Maria Melodies!” for people who love emotional music and late-night vibes.
  4. @DarkAssassin334: does this work for shorts
  5. @SameHereYaar: What can I do for short form videos?
  6. @tinkabell39: Thaaaaaank you 😊..
Subscribed!
  7. @Found.AllWays: Under 100subs gang 🙌🙌🙌
  8. @noinaycomeo: Thank you for your sharing ❤
  9. @HistoricalFriction1: Thanks for the info! Just getting started
  10. @howienicu: trying my best to at least reach 1000 subs :)
  11. @NoDTVtm: Am I the only one having issues with verifying phone number? How do I fix that, can anyone spoil me please!
  12. @annmunireach1917: I think i get it now
  13. @SweetCandyTime: Good luck everyone 💪🏽
  14. @sweet-family-drama: Nice
  15. @rocketwadster4535: Us small creators need all the help we can get! If a subs video shows up, watch it (even if you have to put it in the background without sound on). If a meager 10% of your subs watched your videos, you would probably have your watchhours within a few months.
  16. @BrainYappp: Hi Guys:> I am small creator
  17. @Ralphyunfiltered: Let’s do it
  18. @simbassquad7350: Small creator here trying to share my cats' lives. This video is really good and I hope others in the comments can show us some love too ❤❤❤❤
  19. @SenselessYogi: Excatlly,..my last video seening good response after this trick
  20. @thecostiq: Let’s go new YouTuber, we will make it 😎💪 #nevergiveup

- How to Get Out of Small Channel H3LL, Forever: Kind: captions Language: en we need to be real Here YouTube Simply isn't the same for small channels as it is for larger channels in fact let's play a game howdy Audy everyone Nate here in the small channel game on YouTube there are two places that we could be we can either be hidden and struggling forever and ever and ever or we can be visible and do specific things to get out of that hid in place forever you see as I've been recently working with hundreds of YouTube creators one-on-one having access to the analytics of the channel itself a few things have started to become very clear to me number one is that small channels have different rules they don't perform the same as larger channels and in fact I'm going to give you some examples of how the rules are different for smaller channels on this channel that you're watching right now when I upload a 4K video a high resolution video which all of my videos are it takes about 2 minutes for that video to process before it is essentially ready to publish right then now contrast that with a client's channel that is significantly smaller when we upload a video to that channel same thing 4K resolution similar length of video it takes at least an hour to 2 hours to process another example and this comes from multiple clients Channel I have seen the behavior over and over again of publishing a video having a spike and then a flatline meaning that the algorithm decides to test that video and then stop giving Impressions to that video for a period and sometimes that pattern will repeat you'll have a test period of flat and then another test period and then another flat and I could go on and on with how the rules are different for smaller channels and in fact I am going to give more examples throughout this video the important thing here is we are not mongering is that the right word we're not complaining here because as far as I can tell with the examples I gave the faster processing time on my Channel versus a smaller Channel it makes sense that if a channel has more data to work with and more audience to prove their stuff with then they'll give more allocation of resources to that Channel versus a brand new or a smaller Channel it also does make sense and this may be slightly controversial here it makes sense that if there's a limited amount of Impressions to give to all of the YouTube users on the YouTube platform they would give slight priority to larger channels if for no other reason then again the larger channels have more proven content they have a backlog of videos that are showing that they're more successful with their audience and so I'm seeing this Impressions than Flatline Behavior being a testing period Behavior which I'll explain a bit more of that later on so if smaller channels have different rules than larger channels because of the various reasons I've listed and many more that I couldn't fit into this video what do we do about it we make it so that your channel cannot be ignored we make it so that your content is the best content that it can be and we make it so that you as the creator of that content are no longer hiding you're choosing to be radical you're choosing to stand out and face fears and do things differently which will lead to this visibility all right so how do we combat these different rules that small channels have we do it with this focused data what we need to do here is give the algorithm give the YouTube platform more data and if you want a real human way to explain that it's more videos it's more content no matter where you are with your small Channel at this point if you find ways to give more videos for the algorithm to test it's almost always a positive thing as long as those more videos are still quality videos as quality as you're capable of so I hear you we're watching this and you're thinking Nate I want to give more videos I want to do more of these things I want to give more of this focused data to the algorithm but I'm just booked up I have thought long and hard on this especially since it's something that I myself have struggled with there is a book that I read or more listen to recently that absolutely transformed how I looked at this I'm going to put a link to the book in the pin comment if you want to get it for absolutely free but in that book it describes the concept of dropping everything else intentionally just dropping everything else that doesn't give you the focus that you want and it gives really viable strategies for how to do that how to allocate your time in order to do that well so what I'm suggesting here is if you feel like you are in small Channel heck I do that for the algorithm then you get really decisive in cutting off the things that are not contributing to publishing more quality videos because the more tests that we give the algorithm the YouTube platform the more likely it is that you will finally get the traction enough to have that proven backlog of content it's going to work and if that is your goal to get out of this small Channel heck forever drop everything else and do this all right the next thing that keeps your small Channel hidden is this Boop the like button on this video how did that get in here oh my goodness how how did that get in here but really if you're liking the presentation of this video and it's being eye opening and helpful to you I'd love if you booped the like button on it thank you for doing that but really here's the next thing every small Channel faces this audiences literally act different around small channels than they do around large channels and this has much less to do with the YouTube platform itself and much more to do with human psychology which the YouTube algorithm tends to follow you see for small channels audiences act I put strange because that was the shortest way I could say of they act differently in a lot of different ways like for example the types of people that are willing to comment on a brand new channel on a video without many or any other comments are very different than the types of people who are willing to comment on a video with lots of comments in fact Let me Give an example have you ever been to a farmers market where there's a lot of people selling stuff they got their booths set up and they're they've got stuff all set out on the table and they got their price tags and they're just kind of sitting there expectantly have you ever been to one of those how do you as a person Meandering around this farmers market behave differently in front of a booth that has a bunch of people crowded around it versus a booth with no one in front of it in fact you can see the the person sitting behind the table at the booth and they make eye contact with you a mile away and you make eye contact with them and you're still a mile away from them and you're walking up to it how do you act differently there's too much pressure it's the same thing as when you go to the mall and you walk into a clothing store and there's like five employees and one of you you feel like you're getting to get ganged up on it's not a direct parallel but there are more parallels than you might think between those two scenarios that that I just explained and smaller audience Behavior so the audience that you get are the type of audience that are okay with being early adopters they are okay with being the only person at this booth looking at your trinkets they have the time of day to do so meaning they are willing to take a bit more of a chance with you versus a larger channel that is proven that they know how to make quality videos that respect people's time more so they're willing to take a chance but also they're often very into a niche further into a niche than the general or broader YouTube audience now the algorithm does actually treat this differently as well they give Impressions somewhat differently for a small Channel audience as well how do I know this well have you ever gone really into a niche like you've watched a extensive amount of videos on a certain specific topic or a certain Niche you've watched a whole bunch of them in a row on YouTube have you ever gone back to your home feed or the home screen on your mobile or desk Des toop and seen small channels pop up like videos with 15 views on them my theory here is the more an audience member shows their deeper into a niche the more likely the algorithm is to show smaller channels videos to that Niche which is one of the arguments for the so-called niching down because you're more likely to appear to that Niche okay so real talk here how do we combat the audience acting differently we do it with this your channel just is smaller and that is a fact so it's actually greatly to your advantage to acknowledge that and acknowledge that with your audience when your audience comes to one of your videos and feels like wow this person is present they're authentic they're acknowledging where they are and of course they're going to do great things in the future they really respect that so you bringing them into your videos and expecting them to be there and enjoy the experience with you with your presence does huge things for you and I've said this before I'm going to say it again here when you start getting comments to the tune of wow why isn't this channel bigger or comments addressing you directly saying thank you so much for making this video this this video deserves way more views than it has when that starts happening that is one of the indicators that you're doing this right the next thing that keeps your SM the next thing that keeps your small Channel perpetually hidden unless you change it is this blind spots I have a unique perspective here in that this is what I do and I am interacting with creators like yourself along the whole Spectrum from brand new to very very successful every single day across the board when I sit down with someone this is going on at least in some degree you see we all have blind spots when we're trying to accomplish something there are things that we're just not seeing or ideas that haven't been introduced to our mind or awareness yet but this is exacerbated in smaller channels because we don't have as much data to work with we don't have as much realtime feedback from the audience because our videos are more hidden and that is a huge disadvantage unless you're able to intentionally get outside perspective in fact that is perhaps the number one thing that I see when I'm talking with creators like yourself it's hard to know what to focus on or not so how do we combat that with this what I am calling removing the box or essentially getting yourself outside of yourself and your own creation bubble to see what's happening from a third-party perspective because answer me this have you ever built a large YouTube channel before if that's a no then you're being able to see it before or you've done it will be a huge Advantage for you it's one of the reasons why I do my roast videos here on this channel aside from them being all about heck fire and and darn nation and by the way I don't have any issues with swearing I just intentionally don't put them in my videos because it's just not my brand but where was I oh yes roasts it's one of the reasons why I like to show as many real examples as I can because it allows me to put you as a viewer outside the box and deconstruct what I am seeing as a third party perspective so what you need to combat these blind spots is to get outside the box to remove the box and get outside perspective outside thought patterns I have a video in the works about this very thing collaborations and getting outside perspectives on what you are producing I am going extensive with it using real examples and real processes that I have used with great success so I am going to put that here when it's ready in the meantime let's focus on this one focused data what are the next most important focuses we can do to give the the algorithm as much of the correct data as possible in order to do that you'll watch nothing stop me I'm moving up the chain light camera AC feel a be in my veins

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatNateBlack [437 likes]: UPDATE: things have changed! I've found 3 layers that make the difference for small channels (which one are you in?): https://youtu.be/7KL_zwHd2yM

The book is called Essentialism. I've been listening to a LOT of books this year, and this one is top tier so far!
  2. @Milowvc [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 💪💪 Eye of the Tiger 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
  3. @ETCgamer23 [1 likes]: I'm a small channel. Can I have help?
  4. @TheHornedKhagan [1 likes]: wow i myself struggle with should i post just gameplay or just geopolitics through ck3 lens or should i post both this was helpfull but it did not answer this question for me
  5. @abyGetinspired [1 likes]: Small YouTubers let’s grow together 😊
  6. @godlygirls-2: Second time I've watched this, and I still learned more, thank you!
  7. @Orphyunn: One of the worst parts of being a small content creator is spending hours editing a video and get 0 views. But screw the views, we ball
  8. @TheBelovedLifeco: I’m on the struggle bus over here .  I get pumped and positive …work extra hard and improve ..only to get low views AFTER having one go over 38k.  The videos after are noticeably better.   It’s been 10 videos ago now.  I’m lost about how this works
  9. @VonikaISHere: Very happy for this
  10. @Rogandos: Sometimes I feel like this dream is the only thing I have left to hold onto… the only chance I have to build a better future for my kids. And when things get hard, when ideas stop coming, when I don’t know what to create anymore, it destroys me inside.

People think content creation is easy because all they see are videos and smiles… but they never see the pressure, the sleepless nights, the overthinking, the fear of failing the people you love the most.

I love doing this with all my heart… but lately, the harder I try, the more it hurts. Every overtime, every exhausted night, every moment of self-doubt feels heavier and heavier.

And the saddest part is… I can’t even quit. Because this dream is no longer just for me. It’s for my children. Their future is attached to every upload, every idea, every sacrifice I make.

Sometimes I smile in front of the camera… while secretly fighting tears behind it.
  11. @Starry1-e1y: It's actually an Interesting way to tell your idea.
  12. @GraphitePsychology: Good stuff, informative
  13. @Mr.CorvYT: I already gave up 💀 I spent $400 on AI tools in 2 weeks for my high-quality videos. Also put like 10 hours of time into them collectively. All for nothing AND my videos are higher quality than 90% of videos on YouTube. Make it make sense. 🤷
  14. @hughgibbstv: Thank you for sharing these really helpful and insightful elements of Youtube. Really eye opening thank you - Hugh
  15. @reidjaxon: It’s less about sudden change and more about incentives, scale, and regulation gaps over time
  16. @AREPUBLICOFIDIOTS: How do you make more videos when you are making high quality stop motion videos?!
  17. @pinactivechannel: In the past eight months I changed my niche three times from keto cooking to calm Tokyo life to the current one which is about personal finance. I also switched the language from English to Chinese. For the current niche I have made ten videos but only get 50-100 views on average. Should I start a new channel?
  18. @rendertezgaming: This is the 8th month of my tiny gaming channel. 

I have consistently showed up every Saturday and I work on improving my edits / thumbnails and videos every time.

But lately I have been going nowhere, and it feel like all this work will never pay off. People tell me gaming is the hardest channels to grow on Youtube, and that it's not worth it. 

I get 1 comment a month sometimes telling me I made their day... that is the only reason I'm still here. I wish I'll get my break one day. If not for me, I wish all the other small youtubers get their wishes fulfilled. Cheers.
  19. @Iamabaffoon: New channels forever!!!
  20. @chrisfan-c5z: It is really useful, i also make my own channel but no one watch

- YouTube Algorithm 2021: Facts Confirmed and Myths Debunked: Kind: captions Language: en - According to YouTube, tags these days aren't very important and are mostly used for misspellings. I'm not going to argue with that but what I will offer you is a musical interlude. (upbeat music) Yeah, that's about as long as I spend on tags these days. What I will also add is that by researching tags and indeed keywords in a broader spectrum, it gives you a better understanding of the language used in your video topic. I like to call this your keyword universe. And you can use all of these words and phrases to better inform your video ideas, your titles, your thumbnails, your descriptions, which do still have a matter of importance. Also, I don't want to say we told you so, but we did make a video ages ago about this very question which is still worth watching today. And here's the thing about tags, no matter what all of his YouTube educators say about tags we still fill out that box, even when we're making videos about why tags are not important anymore. Now, then, hey folks, I'm Rob, welcome back to vidIQ. Educating and indeed entertaining you on your YouTube journey. And today's lesson is all about those common questions you ask as creators when it comes to getting noticed and discovered on YouTube. For full transparency, a lot of what you're going to watch in this video is my understanding and interpretation of this fantastic video from a Creator Insider. I don't want to take credit where credit is not due, but I always like to add my spin onto what YouTube is talking about. One thing that creators always worry about, especially when they've had a little bit of success with their YouTube channel, is making one mistake that completely destroys their channel. Well, according to YouTube, that's simply not the case. The truth, according to YouTube, is that each video is assessed on how it performs with an audience. It relies more on video level signals as opposed to channel level signals. YouTube go on to say that if videos were treated on a channel basis, then it will be much less likely that any video could potentially go viral on YouTube. Although, some creators may advocate for that. Now, having said all of this, we are only talking about single videos not impacting the overall performance of a channel. If you continue to create videos that underperform then maybe YouTube, at a discovery level, is going to have to reassess who your videos should be targeted to in terms of viewers wanting to watch your content. Also, you have to appreciate that larger channels will get more views from their videos because they have a larger distribution platform. And I will always say this, you found original success on YouTube by experimenting and doing new things, whatever they are, even if it was your very first video. So never be afraid to continue experimenting. Your YouTube channel is not made of glass. If you make one mistake, it's not going to shatter all over the floor. This is one of these standing assumptions or myths that if you publish a video and it's not performing very well then you can just change the thumbnail and the title and YouTube will automatically reassess a video from scratch. But according to YouTube, So to put that into context, if your video is performing poorly and you tweak it, it's not automatically going to raise the profile of it. And vice versa, well and you tweak it it's not automatically going to drag it down. But what it will do when you change the thumbnail and the title is reset an audience's expectation as they encounter it on YouTube. Now, having said that, we published this video with the following title. And to be honest, we were a little disappointed in its performance. So to figure out why this was we did a quick search on YouTube and discovered this video with a similar title and 1 million views. So on this occasion, we just admitted defeat and copied their title. We're not proud of it, but 10 months after publishing the original video, we were willing to try anything. But believe it or not, the title change did have an immediate effect on the video's performance. Admittedly, nothing incredible, but a positive upswing nonetheless. Now let me stress at this point, I am not suggesting to you that you go through all of your videos and change the titles of every single one of them to the video that ranks highest for that particular search term. This is not a hack in any way. I guess what I'm saying is that if you think a video should be performing better than it is and the content is as valuable as it is now as it was when you first published it, then maybe you should do some research onto how to tweak it. As for videos that are already performing well, well, I wouldn't necessarily think about tweaking the thumbnail and the title of that video. I would be simply thinking about making more videos that are based on that successful piece of content. I can only go off what YouTube say here, but according to a study of thousands of channels they found no correlation between taking a break and a negative impact on views for the channel. And again, from a discovery point of view, YouTube says there is no bias that punishes channels for taking a break. I think this is the one that I have most unanswered questions about. YouTube tells us that the algorithms are designed to serve the right content to the viewer. So, to put it simply, if you're publishing three or four videos a week and then all of a sudden you take a break and you don't publish any videos for three or four weeks, what does that mean for your audience? If you are in a very competitive saturated space, such as gaming, then YouTube is constantly going to need to find new content to serve that hungry gaming audience. Those viewers watching habits have changed, so when you return, you're not necessarily top of their mind. But of course there are exceptions to this rule when there is an expectation in a break between content. Say, if you are an animation channel. And more importantly, if you create such unique content that viewers simply can't get from anywhere else then they're prepared to wait. MrBeast and Mark Rober being very typical examples of this. But we do need to tie a bow around this question by saying this, your mental wellness is far more important than a YouTube schedule. Don't create at a pace that's going to burn you out. And if you need to take a break, do it. In the long-term, YouTube's not going anywhere. Funnily enough, we talked about this topic in a recent video. One of the reasons why people aren't watching your videos is because you're not sending positive data back to YouTube, particularly in terms of click-through rate and audience retention. But what if your data is good and you still feel YouTube isn't rewarding you with more discoverability? it might be because similar videos on that topic are performing even better than yours. This often happens when you're tackling a new story or a trending topic, and everybody else on YouTube is trying to do exactly the same thing. So if your click-through rate on the latest iPhone 13 leaks is 10%, that's fantastic, but YouTube's also found this video on the same topic that has 12% click-through rate. I will also add this from my personal point of view. Sometimes it's not enough just to have one video that performs well. You sent YouTube some positive signals in terms of your analytics, great. Now do it again and again, and again. Make all of your content, analytically speaking, impossible to ignore by YouTube recommendation system. This is another one of those longstanding myths, slash, assumptions that has some basic logic to it. I mean, surely if a video is monetized, it's in YouTube best interest to promote it in order to earn more ad revenue. But, and YouTube's credit, they have been saying this for a very long time, the recommendation system does not know which videos are monetized. By the way, if you are wondering what I mean when I keep saying you choose recommendation system, we've done an entire video on this over here. Having said that, let me throw a curve ball into this. YouTube can now monetize any video on the platform even if the channel isn't in the YouTube Partner Program. So, theoretically speaking, that means that YouTube could monetize every single video on the platform, but it obviously isn't. It's cherry picking those videos that are performing well from channels that are not in the monetization program. This is a conspiracy theory, isn't it? Joking aside, there's no better channel of debunking this monetization assumption, than our own. The vidIQ channel hasn't earned a single cent of ad revenue. And I think within the YouTube growth education space we've been fairly successful with nearly a million subscribers and over 60 million views. Although, you could argue that maybe the channel could have done even better if we had monetized our videos. I have often thought about monetizing five of our evergreen videos for a month to see if it would increase discovery and views, but I've never pulled the trigger. I don't know. What do you think? Should I test it? Let us know in the comments. Now on the flip side of this question, in my experience, copyright claims don't negatively impact videos. This video did indeed get a copyright claim but it's still pitched it's tent at the top of the search rankings along with half a million views. But don't take this as me suggesting to you that you should use a copyrighted content on your videos. If you watch the video, you'll understand why we did that in that particular example. And of course you can never monetize any of those videos with copyright claims. There are actually two questions rolled into one here. The first revolves around the state of the video, be it published, unlisted, private and so on. According to YouTube, what matters is how viewers respond to the video once it's published. So I assume that to mean that if a video is unlisted it's not technically in YouTube's recommendation system. Of course, what you do need to be wary of is placing a published video back into a private or unlisted state if it's recently been published, say in the last 72 hours. What you're likely to do there is destroyed the videos early velocity. And we'll talk about that now with YouTube's next question. it doesn't matter when you publish your video. It has no known impact on the long-term performance of the video. But let's use that a little bit of common sense here. Viewer, if I publish a video at 3:00 a.m. in the morning are you going to wake up to watch it? Nah. Putting aside time sensitive content, which you should publish as soon as you can, I do believe that publishing videos at a certain time of the day will impact how your video performs. If you look at your real time stats over the last 48 hours when you haven't published a video, you'll notice a natural cadence to your channel where views rise and fall throughout the day. And so, as a result of this, it makes all the sense in the world to publish a video when your audience is online, since typically your video will get most of its views in its very first hour. At least until YouTube decides to weave its magic. This isn't rocket science really, is it? The common sense approach is to publish your video as your channels views are trending up for the day. And it seems to work for us. This one's pretty easy to answer. changing the location of your channel does not impact the reach of your content with your viewers, no matter where they are in the world. And it's probably not a good idea to mess around with your channel location, since you do sign agreements, depending on your country, when it comes to the YouTube Partner Program. At a video level, you can set a location which will override any hashtags you've included in the video. But as for if it will help your video, well, to be honest, they're probably as useful as hashtags in doing just that. This is another one where YouTube are basically saying what you generally assume isn't the case. YouTube have done lots of studies that suggest that uploading daily doesn't necessarily improve the performance of your channel and indeed individual videos. But this is a very general answer and I really do think it depends on the niche that you're in and your target audience. Put simply, different audiences, different demographics have different expectations and a different amount of patience. Let's take the vidIQ audience as an example. I think that you, as an audience, aren't too bothered about super high quality, professionally filmed, extremely tightly edited videos that take weeks to make. You would much rather prefer a steady stream of really valuable YouTube education content. Probably not on a daily basis, but two or three videos a week along with some live streams. I think if we went daily, we would see a small uptick in views but we will completely burn ourselves out doing it. But on the other hand I think if we went weekly or biweekly, we would see a huge reduction in views. But you know what? I could be completely wrong. So, your codeword for this video to put in the comments to confuse everybody who didn't get this far into a video is simply, more or less videos from vidIQ.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [79 likes]: According to YouTube...
⏱️⏱️VIDEO CHAPTERS⏱️⏱️
0:00 - How important are tags?
1:46 - Do bad videos hurt my channel?
3:10 - Does changing the title & thumbnail rerank the video?
5:05 - Does taking a break hurt my channel?
6:39 - My CTR and AVD are high but no views
7:46 - Do monetized videos get more views?
9:39 - Does the video state make a difference?
10:13 - Does the publish time impact video performance?
11:18 - Does channel location increase views in different countries
11:53 - Should I upload daily content?
  2. @MziyandaPeterMdayi: Thank you so much
  3. @Mirzahaider: @vidIQ trying to mention the channel but doesn't work
  4. @Mirzahaider: Hey how do I mention a person or channel in YouTube comments using @ like we do in Twitter-X
  5. @gyandeepmindpower1278: Good sir
  6. @StudyEnglishwithFrank: Thanks for this.  What do you know about the Subscriber/Views Ratio?  After about 5 months of trying to grow organically I decided to try and promote it with Google Ads.  I thought it was going great but after getting 8000 new subscribers and no change in views, I became suspicious that they were bots and quit the campaign.  Now I worry that with 12,000 subscribers and only an average of 100 views in the first day or two of releasing a video that I am being negatively impacted because of the low ratio of subscribers to views. I am wondering if I should relaunch the channel and just let it grow organically or keep the established channel.  What do you think?
  7. @MLMariss: Test it!
  8. @didatticain: Thank you for your tricks 😊
  9. @organicvids: More or less vids from iq? Haaaa
  10. @thebirthmarkedtraveler: More or less. Not sure. My YouTube IQ needs a lot of work still.
  11. @juliesaadwellness: Glad to hear that monetization doesn’t affect whether or not a video shows up in search. 

Did you ever try the monetization experiment with the five videos you mentioned?
  12. @RickyBTGRunescape: I have a solid question. If I have a gaming channel, and I created it for fun with Pokemon and got monetized with it, then hopped off for a few months and came back to say Ark survival and then back to Pokemon, is this affecting my algorithm?
  13. @pinkneko13: I mean, it shouldn't matter, useful info is useful info.
  14. @TechJuvie: Thank you for this! Apparently, I got the wrong advise from other people all these years 😂 This motivates me to do more videos without pressuring myself too much like.
  15. @ShaneKnowsThings: Are you actually from Vancouver?
  16. @brakmkar1506: Please tell us more about ways to get ad revenue
  17. @THSticky: Thanks for sharing !! Your video gave me lots of useful information. I'll keep your channel in mind while traveling in my YouTube journey !!
  18. @pabloocampo976: Hey I have a question. I made this video titled "This QB will have a huge comeback in 2022" and got 20 views. I then deleted it and changed the title to "Did the Falcons find a STAR QB in Marcus Mariota?" and it got over 4,000 views. NOTHING but the title was changed, why did it performed so well?
  19. @nevalyin7802: Does the algorithm mind if I change the video location if all my videos?
  20. @LeannaDalton: More or less videos ... cause yeah.. I was still here.

- Skiing Ostriches DEBUNK (Featuring the YouTube Algorithm): Kind: captions Language: en (Drum roll) Greetings children, Captain Disillusion here and, boy, do I have a fun topic for you today! Some might think this one's for the birds, but when it comes to the world's largest living bird, I say we better catch the early worm! (Laugh) Check out this insane video of ostriches skiing the slopes like pros! What? My mind is getting blown harder and harder with every inrun, every takeoff and every knoll! How'd they do it? (Smash) I'm pretty sure ostriches can't be trained to ski. But even if they could, why would a ski resort let you put one on a ski lift? Let alone endanger... (Fades out) (Piano music in background) Man, YouTube used to be cool... Seriously, when those three guys started YouTube in their garage in 2005, it was about something real. Then Google bought it, whenever that was, and has just been running it into the ground ever since... It's like, stop making improvements that make this the best video sharing platform in the world and focus on what really matters. Ensuring that every single subscriber sees every single thing I post, every single time! Is that so much to ask? I mean, just because people now subscribe to hundreds and hundreds of channels doesn't mean we need to employ some sort of "algorithm" to curate the avalanche of content in their massive subscription feeds... And we should definitely not give them the option of overriding this algorithim with a single button. Oh, I hate that bell so much! (Fades in) -that video absolutely must be fake but, to figure out exactly what we're dealing with, our first question should be: "Just, where does this video come from?" It's actually one of several promotional spots created for a campaign called "Japan Snow Project". In an attempt to revive the country's dwindling snow leisure market in 2004, the three major transportation carriers responsible for access to ski resorts (Japan Railway East, Japan Airlines and All Nippon Airways) teamed up to sponsor this light-hearted series of ads, which borrowed the already popular ostrich character from the previous year's campaign by JR-EAST. The videos were produced by the Tokyo-based creative agency "Tugboat" and filmed by the Tohokushinnsha Film Corporation under the supervision of Hideyuki Tanaka, an art director with a strong background in... CGI character animation. Now, it's easy to just file this under "it's CGI" and move on to the next viral video but that kind of attitude doesn't really help us become more... (Fades out) The thing that no-one seems to understand, because they don't know about the button I have that shows all the charts, is that the videos of some of my fellow content creators are being recommended less and less. It's that damned algorithm! What else could it be? It's the only thing that's been changing recently according to... well, not YouTube but, anecdotal evidence from my fellow content creators. I know what hasn't been changing. Our viewers. Good old, unchangeable, predictable, simple-minded YouTube viewers. They don't have the capacity to grow, to evolve their tastes towards something objectively better and reshape the trends of media consumption. So they certainly don't need to be included as a variable in my complicated theory about how the youtube algorithim is designed to [BLEEP] over me and my fellow content creators! (Fades in) ...and of ourselves. So, were these ads possible to make with the limited visual effects technology of 2004? Well, that wasn't exactly the stone age. Harry Potter 3, Spiderman 2, The Day After Tomorrow, The Aviator, Hellboy, Alien vs. Predator. All came out in 2004 and all employed some form of placing CG models into live action environments. Also, Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow. Japan Snow Project, which ironically may have been filmed in New Zealand, relied heavily on a visual effects technique known as "Rig Removal". It's an entire specialty in the craft of digital compositing. Erasing props, structures and people from live action shots. It can be as simple as covering up things that have been filmed at a stationary angle with unobstructed moments in the footage, or as complex as building a 3D replica of the environment and handpainting missing background details. After filming real skiers perform, maticulous rig removal was the first step in the Snow Project visual effects process. With clean background plates the filmmakers could now, theoretically, put some other computer generated character in the stunt performers place! But in order to animate this new character in a realistic way, they first needed to re-create the motions of the camera and the performers in 3D. To do that, they used motion... (Fades out) My fellow content creators are being slightly affected by a temporary problem and I need to take action! I should complain... ...to my viewers about this very relatable problem. Maybe a dramatic threat to delete my channel when I reach 300,000 subscribers? Which, because of my reputation for being goofy and ironic with my viewers, the rest of the world will totally understand as a joke. That's it, as soon as I'm done here, I'll make the video that finally- What the-? Someone beat me to it! Who is this "Pew Die Pie"? And where does he get off? 50 million subscribers? Oh, boo hoo, cry me a river. Here's what I think about your millionaire problems! (Fades in) ...point, the exact camera angles and lighting are locked in freeing the artists to focus on animation. But even so, these "animated" ostriches are just a little too real, aren't they? How did a small tourism promo achieve such natural feather simulations, when even the most groundbreaking feature films of the same year struggled to realistically depict that type of overlapping action? The answer might be hidden in plain sight. Intercut with the hero shots of the ostriches doing stunts, are cutaways of them casually hanging out with other skiers. In this group shot, a person convincingly pats the ostrich's body. This very brief angle at a picnic table shows complex shadows from the ostrich's torso and wings falling on nearby objects. This would be extremely difficult to fake and unnecessary for such a throwaway moment. And in this scene of the ostrich trying to fit through the ski lift gate, he visibly pushes the railing, the feathers interact with it and the tail realistically bumps into the person behind. And finally, a small imperfection, perhaps the only imperfection in the entire series, is visible. Part of the shaking railing below remains frozen. It's a rig removal patch, hiding what was really there. But why would only the area below the torso be hidden? Unless this ostrich torso, with it's flapping wings and complex feathers, is really there. You know, like a puppet! Or a realistic partial costume, perhaps custom-made by one of a number of special effects makeup companies specializing in animal anatomy. Come to think of it, real ostriches are a bit bigger than they appear in these ads. But the torsos of these would seem to fit nicely on the shoulder area of a human performer. And help the geometry of what happens in many of these shots make a lot more sense. With this major visually complex part of the character taken care of in the photography, the rig removers only need to worry about erasing the performer's limbs, the match movers have a nice, large object on which to track and solve the motion and the animators only need to add solid-textured heads and legs to the image. Which is exactly what they did after capturing detailed reference images of a real ostrich in a studio and using them to texture an animated 3D model. Hey, I never said it was easy. But as usual, the most convincing effects came from combining the practical and the digital. As viewers, we might be familiar with any one technique... (Fades out) Oh, looks like I'm not the only one poking fun at that guy. Some people are being unreasonable though... Whoa, okay, that article just called him straight-up racist. That's over the line. I'm starting to rethink my tweet. And now my recent inexplicable influx of gamer fans are turning on me. Perfect. I hope they never find out the only video games I've ever played are Sonic the Hedgehog, Mortal Kombat, Back to the Future and Portal 2 When will this year be over? In the end, these ostrich clips accomplish what few viral ads and no OK Go videos other that first one managed to do. Impress me. But now I'm afraid it's time for me to go, kids. Remember, love with your heart, use your head for everything else. Captain Disillusion! Whoa, girl, whoa! Hi ho, catchico, Away! Maybe beating the YouTube algorithm isn't up to me. And if I just keep making stuff, to the best of my ability, at a pace I'm comfortable with, my audience will seek me out against all odds. And enjoy every silly moment because it's just binary data. On a website owned by a company based in a country on a continent of a small planet. It could all be gone... Like that. (Click)

  Top Comments:
  1. @tsurugizaki [1 likes]: Nearly ten years later, it's funny to see how this video has aged. And funny to see all the comments calling this video pro-algorithm. I remember a lot of people at the time complaining about the algorithm. Some justified, some not. In hindsight, it's obvious why so many classic youtubers got burnt out trying to survive off a machine that rewards content that appeals to the lowest common denominator above all else.
  2. @chrheca [1 likes]: And now in this era of AI slop, we do indeed keep flocking back to the originals
  3. @jasondenton5403 [1 likes]: I have a lull in work every winter and I watch through the entire series about once per year. It has me thinking about how many times He has saved me. With so many conspiracy theories coming out.. Maybe, The Captain needs us to save him this time. WE NEED YOU CAPTAIN D!!!
  4. @steveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee123 [1 likes]: Here I am 8 years later still seeking out your videos ❤
  5. @veekysangaudiophile [1 likes]: Sonic The Hedgehog Mentioned RAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  6. @PoorMansChemist: A couple of his videos have not aged well.
  7. @_hama_8: Portal 2 without the original portal?? Blasphemous!!
  8. @girldogbluntt: Portal 2 is really the only game you need to play
  9. @scpfan6959: 0:50
  10. @jorgejorge8878: Hey captain, we've for a couple of new  great OK Go videos since this one, have you watched them? The last one is 64 videos with 64 phones.
  11. @william5121: One thing hasn't changed. You Tubers still complain complain complain. There's no faster way to lose viewers than to make a video of yourself complaining complaining complaining.
  12. @thatonellamawhoissoobsesse8138: I wonder what’s behind that HDX tub - it seems composited in?
  13. @peterbrandt8663: But Satie will live forever
  14. @MiWilLyn: Hey I am not predictable
  15. @GriffinForte: WOW THATS A Highly Engaging Thumbnail
  16. @johnhaney4475: Apologies. OK Go disrespect will not be tolerated, even jokingly, even 10 years ago. If The Writings on the Wall(https://youtu.be/m86ae_e_ptU?si=qLCCLeZAObrv86AJ) doesn't impress you, then you have no soul. Same goes for This Too Shall Pass and I Wont Let You Down. Maybe Lingus or What About Me by Snarky Puppy will impress you.
  17. @Sillimant_: And now the site is worse than ever
  18. @ChuckBaggett: I wish you could make so much money from your your YT videos you could quit your regular job and make these videos full time.
  19. @kernowaudits: Also Sky Captain and the World Off Tomorrow 🤣🤣🤣 Revisiting your classics today . Much Love CD
  20. @masterzbs4988: Portal 2 mentioned!!!!!

- YouTube algorithm 2021 | leaked source code: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so you

- AI Skeptic Friends: Kind: captions Language: en This has been posted on the Reddit. People are excited. Everyone wants in. My AI skeptic friends are all nuts. Okay, so I'm gonna first give a brief defense of what I think just so everybody understands the page I'm on because I think a lot of people think I'm like heavily anti-AI. It's not that I'm anti AAI. I just think the code it produces is horshit. That's it. I'm not trying to be mean. It's just really bad at coding. And that's okay. it can generate it super fast. So, it's like if I don't want to do something, I can explain what I wanted to do. And lately, I've been doing something where I first use the ask agent and I get it to explain to me exactly the steps it would take, correct it along the way, and then get the agent to do the task. So, I've been I've been cursoring it up just to give it a try. So, yeah, I'm not an anti- AAI guy. I'm an anti-hyper train AI guy by hype bros who own companies. Okay. So when the Replet CEO says that all engineering positions will be gone in somewhere between 6 to 18 months, that was just a couple months ago. I go, "Hey, that's stupid." You know why? Cuz my mom doesn't know what a client or a server is. And she's about as computer literate as most people attempting to create these things right now. That doesn't mean she has no idea what she's doing. She's going to create a site that will inevitably get hacked and everything that happens will get absolutely destroyed. This is like a freerange crazy idea that you don't need someone who understands things, right? And so I'm on the what I would consider the reasonable skeptic side, which is AI is a fancy autocomplete which will make writing code easier, but it does not make writing code free. Every line of code is liability. And when you have something that produces a lot of lines of code, you have produced liability. You have not produced a strategic moat. And just because you can replace it fast does also does not simply make it for free, right? It just reduces a bit of the liability of code. But at the end of the day, it's still liability. That is my thought process and I've it's been my thought process for a long time. I don't think it's going to take over the universe to the point where no one does anything. I think there there does come a point at at someday when all of our hardware gets a thousandx faster. Batteries last for 5,000 years. quantum computers are taking Bitcoin out behind the barn and shooting all the wallets. You know, like when that day happens, sure. Yeah, you got them. Okay, but we I you know, I don't know when that day is going to happen. A heartfelt uh provocation about AI assisted programming. Tech execs are mandating LLM adoption. That's a bad strategy, but I get where they're coming from. Some of the smartest people I know share a bone deep belief that AI is a fad. the next iteration of NFT mania. It's been reluctant to push back on them because or I've been reluctant to push back on them because, well, they're smarter than me. Uh, don't do that. Don't do that. One of the biggest mistakes I made at Netflix is not pushing it back against people early on in my career because I perceive them as being smarter. The thing is is that people that are smart does not mean that they that they have all answers to everything. They they have opinions on most things just like everybody else. They're not anything special. They're not anything fancy. It's the exact same crap over and over again. Uh but their arguments are unserious and worth confronting. Extraordinarily talented people are working are doing work that LLM's already do better out of spite. It's true. You know what I do and I'm willing to change. I've said I'm willing to change. I am going to get Super Maven. You know why? You know why I'm going to get Super Maven? Very, very simple. Uh main.go. This right here. Do you see what that is? That's a log statement. I'm Yeah, TJ got it. TJ's finally convinced me. Stop typing log statements. It's true. 90% of the time, you don't need log statements. It's stupid. It's absolutely dumb. And he's right. I should quit typing it. But I also want to show you one other thing that I think is worth looking at. Here is a state. Here's a picture I took from Cursor. I asked it to make me a nice login. It's not Cursor's fault. Again, this is what LLMs do the best. I asked, is the session data secure? Meaning that if I knew someone's username and ID, could I spoof it by adding it to my session? In other words, can we sign uh the data/create some sort of dwat to prevent a user spoofing? That's a very good security concern. Currently, the session data is not cryptographically secure against tampering. Like remember, like I asked it to produce a site that I was going to have people on, and this is what it came up with, which is just being like, "Bro, tell me your user ID." Like, what is it? If you just tell me your user ID, I believe you, man. I believe you. Like, that's what it did. It was crazy. It was actually crazy. Uh, all progress on LLMs could halt today. And LMS would remain the second most important thing to happen over the course of my career. I'd have to think about that as second most important thing to happen over my career. Um, I also wonder what the first most important thing to happen over his career. Okay. Anyways, important. I'm discussing only the implications of LLMs for software development, for art, music, and writing. Mark, I've got nothing. I'm inclined to believe that uh the skeptics in those fields. I just don't believe them about mine. Okay, that's fair. I I think that you should uh if you're not if you're not really in tune with the specific field. I think it's really easy to uh read anything and agree with it. Right. Bonafitas, I've been shipping software since the mid 1990s. I started out in boxed shrink wrap C code. survived an ill- advised Alexandria school C++ phase. Lots of Ruby and Python tooling, some kernel work, a lot of serverside C, Go, and Rust. However you define serious developer, I qualify. Even if only on one of your lower tiers. Okay, good. Okay, the bonafitas, they feel good. They sound right. I mean, everything sounds right until you started going towards that whole like rust side of things. Oh my gosh, I didn't realize I'm free in here. Uh, level setting first. We need to get on the same page. If you're trying and failing to use an LLM for codes 6 months ago, you're not doing what most serious LLM assisted coders are doing. Okay. What are serious ones? Okay. Okay. What are serious ones? People coding with LLMs today use agents. Agents get to poke around your codebase on their own. They author files directly. They run tools. They comp compile code, run tests, and iterate on the results. They also pull in arbitrary code from the tree or from other trees online into their contextual context windows. I assume the tree means codebase and other trees means other people's codebase. The tree of life there. Yes. Run standard Unix tools to navigate the tree and extract information. Interact with git. I tried to get Devon to push to master for hours. uh run existing tooling like llinters, formatterers, and model checkers and make essentially arbitrary tool calls that you can set up that you set up through MCP. I I kind of I do want to play around a little bit with MCP. I think that could be a lot of fun having effectively some sort of driven agent string interpolation that I can set up where and when to make these calls, grab context, and do something cool with. I mean, there could be something that's pretty exciting there uh as far as prompt crafting, but I'm not exactly sure if it's going to be that amazing. Yeah, MCP is cool and overhyped/over over complicated. Yeah. Yeah. Uh the code is an agent that actually does stuff with code in uh is not itself AI. This should assure you it's a surprisingly simple systems code wired to ground truth about programming in the ways uh in the same way a make file is. You could write an effective coding agent in a weekend. Its strengths would have more to do with how you think about and structure builds and linting and test harnesses than how let's see than how advanced 03 or sonnets have become. Is that true? Isn't part of the reason why agents are at least trending towards something that is useful? Is that these models are getting better enough? Isn't that part of the Isn't that part of the reason? Because you you still at the end of the day have to ask the model, okay, now like let's reason through these things. Okay, here's the step-by-step process. Okay, I need to delete this file. What's the command? You know, let's generate the command. Isn't that like part of or I need to do something? What's the thing I need to do? Okay. And also give me the Unix command. Hey, I want to execute this command. Can you please execute this command? Isn't that part of the whole thing? Right. Correct. Model improvements are the most uh are the most of the agent improvements. I would assume that's where a huge percentage of the agent improvements come in. Also, I I do have a quick question. Is it really true that you can just write a worldclass effective agent over a weekend? Like I mean I could definitely cobble together some go code and some crap and make an agent, but I don't know if it would be that great. Like I I'm sure I could get something that could like walk around uh world class. Well, I mean I have to ask like what's the point of you know what's the point of a lot of these tools doing it right now? Well, it's easy really. So it's easy to get back code and to do like say merge stuff to be able to merge code in to be able to allow you to accept things in chunks integrate with various editors right I I assume you'd use some sort of git like diffing uh to be able to make sure that you can do like proper reasoning and all that mcp yes I thought that was one of the let's see let's ask dask on the standup today we should ask dask dax on the standup today in fact TJ that might be actually a more exciting standup anyways is just talking about open code and all that dask Dask. Dax. I know I said Dask. Anyways, it's just I understand that you can build an agent pretty quickly. It's just like building a extremely useful agent that really integrates with everything. I'm not really sure if that's true to the extent you're saying. Daskque. I know I said Dask. Shut up. Uh, if you're making a request on chat GPT page and then pasting the result broken code into your editor, you're not doing what AI boosters are doing. No wonder you're talking past each other. By the way, I I mean I've been I feel like I've been saying this for for for so long. In fact, one of my biggest gripes about early AI was that the integration of it all was so painful that it wasn't even worth using in my in my opinion. I don't want to have to scrape all the code I think is useful, paste it and format it into some sort of external editor, be able to wait for the response, be able to parse through all the yapping that it does, be able to find the code that I needed to find, and then to take that code, copy and paste it, and figure out where in my editor I needed to be upgraded. Like, I hated that process. I thought that process was genuinely broken. And so, what he's saying is absolutely true. If you think that that's that's it, that's the end all of of models is just using chat GPD, I do agree with him. That is a poor understanding of what makes or the argument of why AI is so great. I would I would I would definitely be on that team. Uh let's see. Okay, here we go. The positive case. Fun, important, tedious, important, tedious, pointless, fun, pointless. Okay, this is my favorite one. I'm I'm a Dude, I'm a heavy IV user. Okay, I just want you to know that right now. Heavy IV user, dude. I'm on that drip. All right. LMS can write a large fraction of all the tedious code you'll ever need. And most of the let's see and most code on most projects is tedious. I don't find most code on most projects to be tedious. At least uh a lot of the ones I've been writing have been very very very fantastic. Even my time at Netflix, a lot of it was not tedious. It was uh you know it was really really engaging and exciting code uh that took a lot of thought to come up with the right architecture to be able to insert new things. It's a so I I'm not I'm not too sure about this. uh LLMs can uh I mean at least in my experience now granted I'm not I didn't do what most people did so my opinion about this can be various different I would understand that if you're doing a bunch of just marketing and integration stuff yeah there's a lot of tedium very little practicality so I'm on that team uh LM's drastically reduce the number of things you'll ever need to Google which is also true right like my little chess game where we can log in and we can ban people and we have Twitch loginins and all that stuff I literally just asked hey make a Twitch login. Boom. Got a Twitch login, right? Like that's I I think that that's the TDM for me. That's the TDM stuff that I never want to have to think about cuz I used to hand roll my own OOTH slash my open back back in then it was like open ID from Google. I think Google switched from open ID into whatever they have now. And so it's just like this really annoying world where you had to write all your own like little okay, I got to have my state token. I got to have my redirect URL. Okay, do this. Okay, now come back. Okay, you know, like dude, I hated that stuff. Anyways, um uh think of anything you wanted to build but didn't. You tried to uh home in on some first steps but you let's see if you've been in the lirant phase of a new programming language. You uh you'd have started writing but you weren't. So you put it off for a day, a year, a whole career. I don't know. I I guess I do different side projects. I I don't know. This isn't really like that's never been something that stopped me from a side project. Uh, I can feel my blood pressure rising thinking of all the bookkeeping and googling and dependency drama of a new project. Really common struggle for non-prime people. But but like aren't you like right now? I mean, isn't that part of the fun though? What I mean by that is like um so I want to take open code. It's a CLI tool that I want to like really take to the max at some point in the future. Uh I know they're doing a big new release and so I want to play around with it. I want to kind of create like my ideal T-M workflow. And it's like, you know what I've never done? I've never created a Go program where I have the Go program persist and run in memory. Uh, and then I have a second one that launches up that communicates with it that I'm able to create or uh like start up and bring down T-Mox windows that I have a long running process in. Like that's just not something I've ever done. I've I mean I've played a lot around with standard in standard out and build a bunch of programs like you know we build the Doom to be able to take the Doom standard in standard out pipe it through a program and send it down to a bunch of um a bunch of uh browsers like I've never done something where I'm actually using a bunch of different subprocesses that I created to be able to do these hooking up to terminal windows and all that. And to me that seems like that's actually a pretty exciting pretty fun part of it all like the drama of learning feels like the most exciting part of a project. So if you mean by non-prime people, you mean people that just I guess what is the motivation for building something? Are you building something because you want to like sell it or to create something or to escape or to you know whatever that is? Or are you building something because you're building it for yourself for the love of building it right? Those are two different things and I understand they have two very different motivation and outcomes. Like if I were to be building something in which I'm trying to sell, there's a bit of pressure, some high speed to it, like problems I have to solve and go fast. And that's like a very different feel. And that often also involves a bunch of really dumb, stupid, annoying work such as I better get a login. Hey, I better do this. Hey, I better do that. I got to set up a database. How's my security? Am I going to get hacked? Am I going to get my whole life stolen? Right? And like, so I understand some of that part that makes it really annoying, but most of the tools that I'm built are for things to make me better and faster at programming. And so that makes me really excited. And so it's like, bros, we're about to have a multi-process switching and making one terminal window have several different standard in, standard outs, going back to it, and trying to figure out how to make T-M work with that so I can have these long lived sessions. Like for me, that's exciting. I have a different goal. My goal is not to make money. My goal is to create something that's going to make me have a better experience programming, something that's more integrated with projects, to have an AI experience that I like. What is my dream AI workflow? Right? I like to make really great tools that is exciting to me. And so I guess it really depends on what is the origin of this project and it's good content. It's good content, but I think it's good content. It's not it's not a project driven to make content. It's a project that I wanted that I realized I can turn into content. And so how do I create how do I meet both those worlds the best? If that makes sense. Uh because that's like kind of what I have to do. And so it's it's it's exciting, right? It's the best of all worlds. Uh, an LLM can be instructed to just figure out all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. Often it will drop you precisely at that golden moment where [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] almost works and development means tweaking code and immediately seeing things work better. That dopamine hit is why I code. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. I I mean I think dude this is such a insightful statement right here. Right here. This is such an insightful statement which is seeing something go from red to green is why he codes which may be different from other people's motivation. Yeah. For me seeing something that's mostly broken and figuring out why it's broken and then fixing it that is not where I get my dopamine from. Where I get my dopamine from is building something to the point of understanding it and then figuring out how to build it the best. I love that long form of going this is what I think is the ideal way now how well does this thing work right like I love that I love taking what I have built out for a spin and seeing how far I can take it out ah I don't know why I think that that's just so exciting to me to see how many new problems can I en like encounter and how far I can take what I built I don't know it's just that's for me that's that's the dopamine part is is when a new facet rises up and what I've built stands stands the test of time or gets utterly dominated. And so different, right? There's downsides. Sometimes gnarly stuff needs doing, but you don't want to do it. So you refactor unit test, soothing yourself with the lie that you're doing real work, but an LLM can be told to go refactor all of your unit tests. An agent can occupy itself for hours putting with your tests in a VM and come back later with a PR. If you listen, let's see, if you listen to me, you'll know that you'll feel worse. Uh you'll feel worse yak shaving, right? you'll feel worse yak shaving. Uh you'll end up doing real work. Okay, so this is kind of a hard one. I'm not really sure what he's attempting to say here. I don't think this was written by an LLM because there it feel this feels a bit kind of broken in how it was written. The thing is is that whenever I have to refactor tests, I have to really think about the reason why they exist. What is the tilos of these tests and why are they broken and what can I do differently, right? like what makes them back into a working state. I really don't actually want an LLM to write this. I really want to think about why the tests were there to begin with. For me, this feels like I would be a bit worried about this because I don't want a bunch of useless tests. If a bunch of tests break because I refactor something, I want to think about what can I change to make it so it breaks less less. How can I write test in such a way that I'm still testing the same stuff but is more resilient to like minor code changes? Like what can I do to make something better as opposed to like what can I do to get them to go green? I don't want them green. I want them correct and then I want them green, right? Or was something uh with the test flawed to begin with? Yeah. Like there's a whole bunch of tests that you have to like there's a bunch of questions you have to think about when you do testing. Testing is really important work. uh it's often neglected because it's boring. It's it it can be it can feel stupid. But for me, there's one thing that's really fun about testing, which is the challenge of setting up a good environment and a good pipeline to be able to take a project and have that apparatus. You know what I mean? Set on, right? We inherited a service. Yeah. The real question is why refactor is about uh hold on hold on. Uh the real question is why uh refactor? Is it about clean code or performance? Well, I I would probably ignore this whole section. If a test is breaking because you refactored, the purpose should be what's the point of the test, right? What is the purpose of the test? Have I misjudged the purpose of a test? Like sometimes I will intentionally test extremely small functions because the complication of that small function is worth it breaking when I have to change it. And I think everybody can generally agree with that idea or that idea which is that you know like if you had to do a very complicated algorithm for doing some sort of data structure search within your code you're like you know I'm just going to test this one specifically because it's easy to get the implementation right. TDD can work here right even though I would never do that. All right but let's see. But you have no idea what code is. Are you a vibe coding YouTuber? Can you not read code? If so, astute point. Otherwise, what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is wrong with you? Hear me out here. Hear me out here. Hundreds of lines of code, even like this chess one that I that we've been writing, I've had to go through and kind of understand what's happening. As you can see, like right here, right? All that going through and understanding code can take time and effort. That is an ordeal in itself. And a lot of people will look at code in a brief sense and look at it in its isolated change and go oh yeah I mean the change itself looks reasonable but you don't know the change in the larger ecosystem if that is actually reasonable or not and I think that that is always really really difficult and people I mean just saying just understand the code bro I don't know there's a lot to that that it takes a lot of time you are definitely discounting the rate of change and what it does to you and especially if you've kind of bought the hypothesis that AI can just write the code super fast. Part of you doesn't like you will let go of the deep understanding of code because you can just rewrite it fast, right? Like I mean I can definitely feel it myself. I definitely have this weird thing where it's like as I vibe code something more, I'm more resistant to understand how it works because the project has gotten larger and larger. So understanding how it works means that I'm not spending 30 minutes thinking about what I'm writing and getting to know the problem. Instead, I'm spending three, four hours understanding what has been written and attempting to move within whatever architecture has been created. Like there's a there's a bigger resistance than just writing it myself cuz both seem to be about the same amount of time, you know, like if you're familiar with it, they're both about the same amount of time. I just become more and more resistant to trying to read it. And it's a weird feeling. I'm trying to understand that. That's why I've been doing more vibe coding because I just want to understand the process in which people are calling modern development because it seems like everybody is just super stoked about it and it I just feel I I I have weird feelings about things. Uh sometimes you have to engage the noggin rather than uh rather rigorously for us uh for a spell to read the code to comprehension. Dude, it's true. Jeremy, that was a crazy sentence, but I do totally agree with you. You've been responsible for what you merged to Maine. You were five year Let's see. You were 5 years ago. you are tomorrow. Whether or not you're using an LLM, I do agree with that. Uh if you build something with an LLM that people will depend on, read the code. In fact, you're probably you probably do more than that. You will spend 5 to 10 minutes knocking it back into your own style. LLMs are showing signs of adapting to local idiom, but we are not there yet. That's good. I mean, I think that's good that it's showing signs of local idiom. I'm not I'm not really sure about that. People complain about LLM generated code being probabilistic. No, it isn't. It's code. It's not yak output. It's knowable. The LLM might be stochastic. That's Dude, this is a funny sentence. This is a very This is a very funny sentence to be like, people complain about it being stoastic. No, it's not. But it might be stochastic. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But uh but the LLM, it doesn't matter. What matters is whether you can make sense of the result and whether your guard rails hold. Referring to different things like Yeah. It sounds like people are referring to different things. There's like different things going on here. Reading other people's code is part of the job if you can't metabolize the boring repetitive code an LLM generates. Skill issue. How are you uh how are you handling the chaos human developers turn out on a deadline? True. I mean I I think there's some level of truth to that. Facts like machine. There's some level of truth to that because even I'm not I I I think people need to take more time digesting what is being produced in larger larger swaths you know like I always think about the distance formula which is when you look at code generated by an LLM especially when it comes to like game stuff you'll see the distance formula strewn throughout the code it's more understandable how an LLM got to where it gets by looking at these little small changes because you asked it to make a small change and a small change it's like okay well I need the distance. I'm going to calculate the distance. Like statistically speaking, the distance should look like this. Maybe sometimes it generates math.pow, but most of the time it does, you know, dx * dx plus dy * dy squirt it, right? And so that but it spreads it throughout all the code and that's the real problem. And I because humans are unlikely to do that for the most part. But at the same time, I totally get this argument which is humans do do this. This is how it's done. I'm not sure. I, you know, maybe maybe there's just no difference between what humans generate during a tight deadline versus what an LLM does. And that's okay. Squirt squirt that DX, baby. Exactly. Yeah. For the last month or so, Gemini 2.5 has been my go-to. I've never really used um much Gemini. I just haven't. Uh does cursor even support the old Geminis? Oh, yeah. Looks like I have Gemini uh Gemini Pro right here. Right. So, maybe this could be a maybe maybe this will be a good one to try to play out. I've been I've been trying some cloud set. I've been trying some new ways to do stuff like ask it to uh do like ask it to do a bunch of stuff. I'm really I you know I am I'm trying to understand these things here. 2.5 is pretty good. Okay. Okay. You know I'm not you know like I said I'm not a hater. I'm trying I'm trying to understand her. But hallucinations if hallucinations matter to you your programming language has let you down. Agents lint. They compile and run tests. If their LLM invents a new function signature the agent sees the error. They feed it back to the LLM, which says, "Oh, right. I totally made that up." And then tries again. You will only notice this happening if you watch the chain of thought log your agent generates. Don't. This is why I like Zed's agent mode. It begs you to tab away and let it work and pings you uh with a desktop notification when it's done. I'm sure there are still environments where hallucinations matter, but hallucination is the first thing developers bring up when someone suggests using LLM, despite it being more or less a solved problem. I don't know if hallucinations are a solved problem. This feels this feels a this feels like a bit of a reach. Like I do agree that like I fully do agree. Uh in fact, look at right here. Um right here. Is this the one that tries to do config? There you go. Actually, let me double check chessboard API. The config method might not be the right approach either. Let me look it for alternatives. Perfect. Based on the official chessboard documentation, I can see that config method doesn't exist. Right. So I mean I it does it did it right here where it's like okay it hallucinated and then it fixed the hallucination. So yeah I mean that is that is in some sense a better approach. I'm happy about that but it took a while for this to actually come about. It took quite a few versions of me getting them getting it to say hey do the right thing. Hey do the right thing. So I I do agree that hallucinations are definitely down due to the idea of an agent. The model itself is not a solved problem. Hallucinations still happen in all models. It's the agent that acts better because it has access to tests, lints, LSPs, things that give it additional information outside of the scope of the of the uh model itself. So like is it solved? No, it's not solved. But is it solved in a practical sense? Yes. Yeah. I I I could say I could Okay, I could side with his argument. He's saying uh with agents. Yeah. Exactly. TJ TJ, you and I agree, right? Uh but a solved problem is too strong. It's a practically solved problem. Uh, give the quicksword example. Yes, I know. I mean, this is the this is like the classic problem for those that don't know. This is like the classic problem that we talk about all the time. Here, I'll I'll just do it really quickly for you guys so you understand. I'm going to jump in here and how do you create files in this thing? Man, VS Code's so confusing. Okay, I don't want to create a file there. How do I create a tople file? Do I have to like Okay, I'm going to select this one and then create a new file. There we go. I think I got a top level file. Man, how do you guys create files in this? It's kind of confusing. All right. Uh uh test.js. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's rename that. Let's rename that to test.ts. Make it real strong. Okay. So, check this out. If I go like this function, uh quick sort uh let's see. Okay. Here. Yeah, there you go. So, you can see it's already tabbing out to completion, right? I mean, this is pretty much the same stuff. You can see it kind of go. There we go. This is in fact not quicksort. I know it looks like quicksort and it has all the things that are quicksort. It's just not quicksort. Where's the zoom in? Okay. Well, I don't know why I can't zoom in for a second. I thought the zoom in was under view. Because when I press control plus control plus control plus control shift plus control plus control plus, it's not going. I know. I'm pressing control plus. I'm literally pressing plus right now. Plus, plus++ control plus++. Okay, so I don't know what's going on. Anyways, it looks just like quicksort. In fact, it even uses a pivot, right? It's grabbing the middle element. Interesting choice. Middle element. It then does this. It then does this. It then does this. Okay. Why is this not quicksort? Quicksort is an in-memory sort. This is not an in-memory sort. This creates n login. This creates two n login memory, right? Like that's a lot. There's like a you know, it is a lot. And then actually creates more than two n login memory. It creates what? Four n login memories. Because look at how funny this is. Do you see this? This creates a copy of an array. This copies the copy of the array that is created. It like triple copies all the way down. It's not quicksort. It's just it's it's it mimics quicksort. Right. So that's you know that's you know. So, is that a hallucination? Do I like Cursor? Yeah, I've had a great time using Cursor. I think Cursor is a is a great I mean, I think there it's a great product. Oh my gosh, there's a moth. Hi. Uh, I think Cursor is a great product. I think they've done amazing things when it comes to uh like the AI agent integration and all that. I think they've done a great job. I just hate VS Code. Honestly, I think Curser's biggest weakness is that they that they have VS Code at their platform. But that's again, you know, like I get it. I get it. I'm not the audience they're attempting. So, I get it. I'm not I'm not going to fight it. They're They're correct. What else to use, though? I mean, I'm a Neo Vim boy, right? Biggest weakness for Prime equals Hold on. What is What does TJ have to say? He's laughing at me. Biggest weakness for Prime. Primary win for everyone else. TJ, it's the exact same weakness for you, too, though. Okay, TJ's laughing, but he's over there like, "Yeah, I also find it inundating and all that kind of stuff." or uh not inundating, overwhelming, and all those kind of things. TJ over there making fun of me. Except I don't uh look like I've never seen a computer when I use it. True, trueing, trueing. Uh but the shitty uh let's see, but the code is shitty like that of a junior developer. I do not think LLM's produced junior uh junior level code. I honestly think that's a big insult to juniors. Like I do not think of my juniors as so stupid. It is it is it is pretty ridiculous to think that juniors would be that bad. I just don't I just do not believe it. I think that that's completely wrong. It's completely wrong way to look at it and I think it's demeaning towards juniors. And I mean that like I'm not actually trying to meme at this point. This is me actually having a genuine a genuine opinion about this. I think that it's that that this is a I've always hated this statement because it's just so not true. Uh does an intern cost $20 a month? Because that's what cursor.ai costs. Part of being a su senior developer is making less able coders productive. Do they uh do they fleshly or al oh be they be they freshly or algebraic? I was like what the hell does this mean? Depends on the junior. I still don't even think um it's just an analogy. Yeah, but it's a crappy analogy. Like I get and it's first off it's not an an analogy. It's a metaphor. And second, okay, an analogy is X is like Y or X is like Y, like Z is like, right, so it's not even a metaphor or it's not even an analogy. Okay, it's a it's a metaphor. Uh, what's the metaphor? Facebook. Um, actually, that's Oh, it's a simile. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I knew it was going to be I knew I was going to get hit on that one. I could never remember if it's a simile or a metaphor. Dude, I knew I was going to get hit. I just knew it's not an it's not a it's not a an analogy. Okay, an analogy is two simileies. Part of being a senior is making uh is making less able coders productive be they fleshly or algebraic. Using agents well is both a skill and an engineering project all its own of prompts, indices, and especially tooling. LLMs only produce shitty code if you let them. Nice. Nice. I'd say LLM only produce shitty code. It's your job to make them less shitty. So, okay, we agree sort of maybe. Uh, but I'm okay with that. You know, not all code has to be pretty. I'm also on that team, which is not all code is like it has to be. I I think there's plenty of a giant world of shitty code's okay. Uh, maybe the current confusion about who's doing the work today. LM do a lot of typing, googling, test cases, and edit, compile, test, debug cycles. I actually like to do some of the testing myself because I'm not quite convinced that it can do some of the testing, especially when it comes to complex UI interactions. I'm not convinced that LLMs have a good idea of how to test that. It's always like, let me test out, hey, let me uh start up the server and I'll find out if this UI works. And I'm like, brother, slow it down now. You know what? How about you just you just make the change. I'm going to go figure out what you've done, why you did it, and if it's actually any good. Anyways, but even the most clawed poisoned uh claw poisoned, what does that even mean? Uh serious developer in the world still own a curation, judgment, guidance, and direction. Uh isn't that where they shine for most cases? I'm not sure if they shine in most cases there, right? Uh also, let's stop kidding ourselves about how good our human first cuts uh really are. Sure. Uh let's see. Let's see. But it's bad. But it's bad at Rust. Well, I mean, is there any really good Rust developer? Is it? I thought Rust was always is always the true the true Scotsman of programming. Haven't heard of See, the problem is, but I still love it. Uh, anyways, a lot Let's see. It's hard to get good uh tool chain for brain [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] too. Life's tough uh in the aluminium side business. A lot of LM skepticism probably isn't really about LLMs. It's projection. People say LLMs can't code when they really mean LLMs can't write Rust. Uh, fair enough. But people select language, let's see. But people select languages is part based on how well the LLM's work with them. So Rust people should get on that. I mean also I mean let's just face it. If you really want an LLM to to work well you choose JavaScript. That's how you make a good LLM project or PHP. PHP could probably do it. Right. Right. That's fine. I think that that's fine. I thought it was Python. I'm not too sure about Python. I'm pretty sure you want to use JavaScript. Uh all this the same. I write some Rust. I like it fine. I like it fine, too. If LM and Rust aren't working for you, I feel you. But it's uh but if that's your whole thing, we're not having the same argument. Also true. Like I'm not trying to get a I'm not trying to get the LM to be the greatest Zigg writer. You don't have to be. But the craft, do you like Japanese woodworking, all hand tools, and uh Shashima uh joinery? Me too. Do it on your own time. Um okay. I think there's I think there's a time for craft. It depends on the type of it depends on the scope of the problem. I always find this uh I find the rigorous pursuit of completion as opposed to building something that can withstand a bit longer term and doesn't have as much code uh replacement is actually a good thing in the long run. Like it's definitely not as good in the short run, but it's definitely a good thing in the long run. And so I'm not quite I I I think I think that this argument is usually the worst one. Uh I have a basic wood shop in my basement. Uh I could get a lot uh of satisfaction from building a table. And if the table is a workbench or a grill table, sure, I'll build it. But if I need like a table for people to sit at in my office, I'll buy a I'll buy a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] table. Okay? To be fair, the table I'm on right here, this is a handcrafted bad boy. Okay? Professional software development uh developers are in the business of solving practical problems for people with code. We are not in our daily jobs artisans. Steve Jobs was wrong. We do not need to carve the unforeseen feet in the sculpture. Nobody cares if the logic aboard traces are pleasantly routed. If anything we build uh if anything we build endures, it won't be because the code base was beautiful. Okay, but I'm going to make the inverse argument. I also think that there's something really good for humans to pursue excellence. I think that we will generally build better things if excellence is our first and foremost first step. So there is definitely something there. Now, I'm not saying it has to always be there, but there is definitely something about being concerned with what you build and attempting to be the best you can possibly build. That is also useful. Uh, so you're starting a Haskell arc? No, I want to build something, TJ. That's the difference. I don't want to write I I'm not a good writer, so I I'm not good at white papers and I've never used Latte, so I I can't really start with Haskell yet. You know what I mean? So, there is I mean, there is something there. It's It's the same thing about like just today's modern world. How many people have bought a recent flip job in America, a house, right? Someone that remodeled a house, and what you really find out is that they simply take uh they take lipstick, slap it on a pig, ignore all the problems, and then you're stuck with all the all the issues from it. There's definitely a lack of craftsmanship. They say that houses were best bought are houses from like the 40s through the 60s because it's still it's like at the the change in how fast we can produce things where people also were concerned about the quality. And so there's like this like high quality goodness mixed into a house that you also can do stuff with. So there's like a kind of a there's like this weirdness to it whereas like new modern houses tend to be really horrible. Like the house I bought, uh, it was a builder's house, which now I'm partially convinced they just do it for moneyaundering, but there was no kingpost in the center of the house. My house was actually cracking and the floor plans had king post. One of the one part of my house was had held up by a 6-in pylon of of cement. Like my house in the next couple years would have fell apart if we wouldn't have caught this. It was a quarter inch off the foundation. There's just like no care. It's just prioritizing speed as opposed to quality. And it's just like one of these things like, you know, there is something to it that is frustrating and annoying. And so speed should not be the only purpose, right? I'm glad I have an old house 120 years old. Yeah, there's probably a lot of goodness to it. No installation in those old houses. True. There's but that's a fixable problem, right? Bones can be good. And so there is there is definitely something there that there's an art of making something well that's good, but not all things have to be made well. And so I I can I can understand I can understand that there's some sort of dichotomy here. Not everything has to be artisan handcrafted. Your Twitch login for your little website, your your Gmail login, it's just the same crap over and over again. Throw it in a file, never look at it again, and have the same OOTH thing go on. whatever, right? Besides, that's not really what happens if you're taking time carefully golfing functions down into graceful, fluent to minimal function expressions. Alarm bell should ring. You're yak shaving. The real work has depleted your focus. You're not building. You're self soothing. Well, yeah. I mean, I I would I would say that golfing down functions is a dangerous activity to begin with. Even if you do think you're being a craftsman, golfing down functions and trying to do all that stuff means that you're likely building just a brittle system. I would be uh I don't think this is a good argument either way. uh which wait for it is something LLMs are good for. They devour schle and clear the path for important stuff where your judgment and values really matter. Okay. Okay. But then I would make the counter argument which is that humans often default to easy. So even though you're saying all these wonderful words and we're all agreeing that it's good to be responsible for the things you put in master and all that kind of stuff blah blah blah blah. on your team, but humans inherently choose easy over hard almost always. And so what happens? We're going to use we're going to use this thing for not just the stuff that's boring boilerplate. We're going to use it for all things. It's just going to be it's just going to be used for all things and software is just going to have the inevitable march towards initification. Uh but the but but the mediocrity as a midlate career coder, I've come to appreciate mediocrity. You should be so lucky as to have it flowing almost effortly from the tap. Right? Let's see. We all write mediocre code. True. This is true. You can see this is experience talking. Mediocre code often fine. You see mediocre code often. Fine. Not all code is equally important. Some code should be mediocre. Maximum effort on a random unit test. Yeah, you're doing something wrong. Your team lead should correct you. Maybe there shouldn't be random unit test. Boom. Uh developers all love to pin about code. They worry LLM's lower the ceiling for quality. Maybe, but they also raise the floor. May maybe uh Gemini's floor is higher than my own. My code looks nice, but it's not as uh thorough. LM code is repetitive, but mine uh includes dumb uh contortions where I got too clever trying to dry things up. Don't dry things. Boom. Uh but no, I I agree with this. I mean, I think this argument generally has some level of goodness to it, which is I do think that there is an overstatement of care for code. You don't need to care about about every line of code. Not every line of code has to be great. You know, I'm fine having a really dumb startup where it's just like here's a bunch of crap I have to specify. Boom, boom, boom. Let's just get it done with. And LMS aren't mediocre on every axis. They're almost certain, they almost certainly have a bigger bag of algorithm tricks than you do. Radix, radics trees, uh, topological sorts, graph reductions, and LDPC codes. Well, wait a second. Hold on. Time out. Time out. to to I was reliably told that these type of things mean nothing to your day-to-day jobs. I thought it didn't matter. I thought it didn't matter. I thought lead code interviews suck. So why do we even care about them? Humans romanticize arsync. Uh wrote a paper about it. Uh to an LLM, it might not be that much more interesting than a squeal join. Uh but I'm getting ahead of myself. It doesn't matter. If truly mediocre code is all we have ever ever get from LLMs, that's still huge. And it's much less mediocre code than humans have to write. I agree with that. I'm I'm on this team. I am on this team right here that there is something very nice about this being able to be produced. Again, I always go back to OOTH because it's like my least favorite activity on any project is login. Love it. Very happy. So, there you go. It's worth my $20, $40, whatever dollars a month, right? That's very that's very exciting. I think that that is that is a good thing. And that is your opinion, Prime. What is that even? What is What is that really? An opinion that I don't have to write ooth login again. I think everybody should be high-fiving that one. What? Uh I think he's uh conflating unimportant with mediocre. Yeah, potentially. And that is your opinion, Prime. Agreed. But it will never be AGI. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Smart practitioners get wound up by the a AIVC hype cycle. I can't blame them. But it's not an argument. things either work or they don't. No matter what Jensen Hang has to say about it, I think the AGI stuff you just got to quit just got to quit worrying about. Jessen who? Uh, who are you talking about? Uh, yes. This is the CEO of Nvidia, right? I actually I actually like this arg I like this argument the best, which is I don't really care if they call it AGI or not. It just matters how how nice it's going to be. But they took our gibs. So does open source. We used to pay good money for a database. I mean, that's a it's it's a pretty good argument right there. Is he serious? I think he is serious. It's true though, right? I don't think it's a good argument at all. Why isn't it a good argument? There's plenty of things that open source has taken people's jobs for. You don't hand I mean, left pad took down the internet because people quit writing left pad, which is stupid, but nonetheless, people have done that because we still have to manage the database and configurations. Yeah, managing a database is orders of magnitude easier than writing a database, right? You used to just have to buy them. Agreed. Uh to some extent. Am I am I incorrect that that writing a database is extremely hard? Migrations can be very painful. True. Migrations can be very painful. How uh how hard can storing text really be, brothers? We found somebody that's about to write a new database. We we found them. This, my friends, is somebody that's getting ready to write their own database. Oh god, scroll. No, I will not scroll. This is too funny. This is like my favorite line in the universe. They don't know. They don't know. I know. Anyways, it's very very funny. Uh genius. No, no, it's good though. Hey, I but I love that mentality, right? I mean, this is the this this is the reason uh I've never had trouble writing a database. So, you've never written a database? Got him. Um it's so fun. Yeah. No, that that's I'm not I'm not trying to be mean about it. I'm saying that that's awesome. Um Okay. Anyways, I I I understand his argument, meaning that we don't have to write as many things as we used to have to write because it's now available via open source. In some sense, our job has become massively easier because open source allows a bunch of stuff to be used, right? I get to use this sweet text editor. I don't have to buy this text editor from some company. I get to edit my text editor. I get to be able to do what I want with my text editor if I want it to be. Like, this is an amazing like open source is an amazing thing. Okay? And so I think we can all agree that this is fantastic, right? So I I want to I I'm trying to give the guy the W where he deserves to give the W. And I think this is a great W. Um we're let's see. We're a field premised on automating other people's jobs away. Productivity gains, says the economist. You get uh what that means, right? Fewer people doing the same stuff. Talked to a travel agent lately uh or a floor broker or a record store clerk or a dark room tech. True. I mean, he is absolutely right. There's been a lot of jobs that have gone by the wayside, right? You don't have to talk to travel agents anymore. They generally has uh floor bonkers still uh brokers still exist. They do still exist, but it's not the same. You ever did you ever watch the stock market uh channel uh what is it? MSNBC or not MSNBC, whatever it's called. I forget what those the like the classic stock market channel in America. Did you ever watch it in the 90s? I mean, it was crazy on the floor. C-SPAN's the government one. CNBC. Oh, okay. CNBC. Uh, now if you watch it, it's pretty tame on the floor, right? Like there's not a lot of people left on the floor. It's not the same. Uh, I don't know. I'm on Jay Blow's team. Most software is absolutely garbageio. I do agree with I mean I do think we've entered a world that there is a lot of garbage software. Can we all minimally agree to that? the fact that I cannot open up most things like everything I open up the fact that look at this I'm using 13 gigabytes and look at how many tabs I have open I I do agree I find I do find things I do find the the the process that we're at um I do find this annoying that I'm using 10 gigabytes of memory to have open 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 tabs that means Over 500 megabytes of memory being used per tab plus extensions. I have better TTV and dark readers. Zen. Well, I mean, it's it's just Firefox, right? Have you seen Robert Downey Junior's visiting Wall Street video? No, I haven't. Something's wrong. Uh, Zen or Chromium doesn't do that to you. I don't see how it doesn't do that to you. Uh, that's 9 gigabytes. Got them. Uh, same with Chrome, too. Yeah, I mean, I get the same thing with Chrome. I get the same thing on anything I'm using. This is just a Firefox variant. But uh you know the same thing happens with Chrome, right? Zen absolutely does that to me. Chrome absolutely does that to me. It's I'm not even complaining about I'm just saying modern software has changed a lot. We've created a world in which we need the world's most complex uh interpretation and compiling of a language to be able to make things run at somewhat acceptable speed. And we trade memory for speed because of how poorly everything runs, right? Uh we're we're a field. Let's see. Hold on. When this argument comes up, libertarian leaning VCs start uh the chant. Lamp lighters, creative destruction, new kinds of work. Maybe, but I'm not hypnotized. I have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue whether we're going to be better off after LLMs. Things could get a lot worse for us. True. Yeah. I mean, I at least this guy has a good a realistic picture, which is I don't know what is the ultimate outcome in 20 years. What is the ultimate outcome in 20 years as we integrate everything into this whole AI train? Are we just going to have a crappy weird world in which it's very difficult? Um, and you have to constantly go to all these places and it's just like that medioc we're we're isolating ourselves more and more. Warhammer future. It's the Warhammer future, right? We we talk less and less in interactions between humans are going down and down. You know, they say that uh there's like this recent study that showed that uh zoomers drink a significant less amount of alcohol than millennials, generation X, generation uh before X, the baby boomers and all that. And so there's this thing that people are positizing. They're like, "Oh, well that means zoomers are just more health consscious." And it's just like well actually that's not if that's not what happens because you look uh when you look at it because no money that's not it what they're saying is that they call it the loner and stoner right they're significantly less social and alcohol is a social lubricant generally pot is not considered a social lubricant for a good portion of people there are some people that say hey when I smoke pot I become more sociable but that is like generally not the thing a lot of people talk about when they smoke as a pot is becoming more and more uh social right alcohol I said generally I I I do notice that I said the thing they replace. Stoned is not considered the the what's it called? The social the the social lubricant. I think anyone who's drinking a couple beers and smoked a joint obviously knows the difference between the two. They are very very different experiences, right? Uh but people are but but generally speaking, Zoomers are more and more isolated than they've ever been. I know why are people I don't know why people are uh arguing this and they're like the most isolated generation we have and I see LLMs being something that just isolates people more which is kind of terrifying. I think that generally speaking being loners aren't good and that to me that's more of a you know to me that's actually the more scary things. Uh so there you go 100%. Yeah. Uh we would ditch school to hang out and smoke weed. It was absolutely social. No, you were young. There's a huge difference. Like I understand that you ditched school to smoke weed, but you were partaking the the the social lubricant there was rebellion. It wasn't pot. There's a big there's like such a there's such like a funny difference that happens in a kid. Like I also was young. I also skipped school. I also went and smoked pot. But taking a long thorough look at myself, I realized that it was me desiring rebellion more than anything else. And you know what? I used to love drinking to the maximum. And then I turned 21 and I realized my love of drinking was actually a love of rebellion. And I actually was not nearly as infatuated with drinking after I turned 21. And I do not think it was about I realized it wasn't about drinking. It was about the fact I was getting away with something. Yeah. I'm not But by the way, I'm not saying that you don't have a possibility that pot is your social lubricant. That's why I said some people actually experience a social a social lubrication of uh smoking mouth. I actually had a good friend that you know what you know how he got through calc 4 which or calc 3 which is a uh multivariate calculus for the that's how our school had it calc 3 was multivariate calc 4 was differential uh calc 3 what he did was he would get really high and then do that because he said that he could just crush math homework by getting really high that's was his jam that's an unusual experience for most people most people don't say hey for me to be able to study multi variant calculus. I need to get super high first, right? Like that's an unusual experience. I get that people have different experiences with things. That's just an excuse. It was a weird thing. It just worked. That's just the way he did it. And he was good at it. He got an A+. He was fantastic at it. Now, I can't say I can't say that whether or not, you know, the the best part is that he later on became I I wouldn't call him a pastor, but he later went on to do a bunch of missionary thing and changed his life around completely. But during the time that uh was in there, that's what he that's what he would do. Very very funny. Very funny life story. But I just I just loved how like, you know, how much different his experience was comparatively to me, right? Because my experience was if I smoked pot, I could not do calculus. I could not do any of those things. Okay, we got on a huge tangent, right? I couldn't remember my name when I was high. Oh, I mean, we've all been that accidentally that high before. Uh LMS really might displace software developers. That's not a high horse we get to ride. Our jobs are just as much in text line of fire as everybody else's have been for the last three decades. We're not East Coast dock workers. We uh won't stop progress on our own. There must be some sort of there's something I'm not I'm not going to keep on going. But it's pl but the plagiarism uh I actually I actually do agree with this one. I think plagiarism is actually really bad. I think that what what we have done to get the data has been a bad thing and I understand that the outcome the ends are some nice things that we get to enjoy and potentially things that greatly change how we uh program and all that but I do think that it is actually a genuine bad and I am not a uh causalist is that what they call it someone who uh justifies the means by the outcome. I am not someone that says you have to crack a few eggs to make an omelette. Like that is not I do not believe in that type of uh morality. Uh artificial intelligence is profoundly and probably unfairly threatening uh to visual artists in ways that might be hard to appreciate if you don't work in the arts. We imagine artists spending their working hours pushing the limits of expression. But the median artist isn't producing gallery pieces. They produce on brief turning out competent illustrations and compositions for magazine covers, museum displays, motion graphics, and game assets. LM's easily alarmingly clear industry quality bars. Gallingly, one of the things they're best at at is turnurning out just good enough uh fimiles of human creative work. I have family in visual arts. I can't talk about the LM. Let's see. I can't talk to them about LLMs. I don't blame them. They're probably not wrong. Yeah, I I could I could imagine myself being pretty upset about that. I like I get it. That's why I I am on team. Hey, I think there is something really broken about LLM's and and what they've been doing. What's going on? Did my Did my internet just die? Oh, YouTube just crashed. Okay, interesting. I work in VFX. We're cooked. Oh, dang. Really? It's that bad? The song was a banger? Well, the song's gone. Sorry. Um, meanwhile, software developers spot code fragments seemingly lifted uh from public repositories on GitHub and lose their [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What about the licensing? If you are a lawyer, I defer. But if you're a software developer playing this card, cut me a little slack as I ask you to shove this concern up your ass. Why is that a concern? Like that, dude. You should you should be very concerned about that. If you are taking code from something in which people can objectively say comes from certain licenses that force you to open source the code you're working on that can have major impacts on the thing you're building. This is a this is actually a real problem. This is not like a fake problem. This is not like hey don't I mean if I to create the least straw man ver or to create the most straw man version of this argument which is don't worry if it's GPL just take it and lie like that's not good. The steel man to this is that you do you really care? You don't actually really care. You're just programming and you don't think about it every single time that LM generate you code. You don't think oh is this GPL am I taking from that? But honestly, I think that this is uh a no I I think it's actually a real problem. And this is there there I would be shocked. The only reason why Okay, sorry. My thoughts are all all over the place. The only reason why we're not having a reckoning for all the code that was taken outside of licenses that should allow it is because there is a strategic world advantage against going against China and America. That's my only personal opinion as to why this is happening because I would imagine a mass proliferation of stealing GPL code and other things against licenses. An arms race effectively is that lawyers would be jumping on that. And so that's like my only argument to myself why everything is just okay. I can't because why like how is this not turned into massive class action lawsuits over and over again? Suspended all copyright uh copyright law to win a fake race. I mean, that's how it feels to me. Like, I don't I don't quite understand it. I mean, EU is going to be awesome. EU is going to come in and be like, "You can't do that." And then no one's going to generate LLM LLM stuff in the EU. The EU will be thrown into the quote unquote dark ages. Uh, Better Business Bureau just put a law that states can't regulate AI for 10 years. My guess is because of the China US arms race. Yeah, that I mean, that's that's how I look at it. No profession has demonstrated more contempt for intellectual property. I don't feel like I have contempt for intellectual property. I mean, I I think there is value to some level of intellectual property. I think that there's some anti-consumer laws that uh exist when it comes to intellectual property, but generally speaking, I think that intellectual property is fine. Like, I think it's good that Apple has their own proprietary stuff, even though I don't use Apple and I refuse to use an iPhone andor a Mac as much as I can. I think it's also perfectly fine that they have that. I think it's silly that EU is making them open up AirDrop. It's theirs. I don't get it. Why would I argue with that? It's I I I don't want, you know, I'm not there. I think it's perfectly fine for people to have their own intellectual property. There's plenty of good reasons for it and there's plenty of bad reasons. I think that Nintendo has largely largely shown us a lot of bad reasons why intellectual property can suck. They're trying to sue PAL World over the throwing of a ball. Like that seems stupid. That seems like they Nintendo and the people who are suing deserve to be slapped around. Disney uh well, I mean it's it's harder for me to agree with the Disney one. Like if you take Mickey Mouse, it's hard for me to say that, hey, no, actually that is a companies who's developed Mickey Mouse. Like if I were to develop Iron Man, I would expect that I can I'm the only one. If that's what you mean by Disney, I might I might be unfamiliar with what you're saying, but in my head, it intellectual property is dumb. No, it's not, dude. Intellectual property is not dumb. If you were to create a character and you write a novel and let's call it Iron Man and then anyone can take it and just become like it's now my Iron Man. That's insane, right? Like of course you've created and worked and created this large thing that you spent whatever amount of time doing. I don't care how long or little you did it. You still created a thing, right? Like should anybody just be able to take Wheel of Time, Lord of the Rings, and be able to do whatever they want to do with it? No. I don't think that that is good, right? There is good versions of intellectual property. I think J.R. Token Foundation deserves whatever access they have to the to Lord of the Rings. It's not ours to take, right? Like 10 years should be good, though. Why should 10 years be good? What makes what makes 10 years good and 20 year bad? Like I'm on team that there's bad stuff. Also rage bait. I'm on team that there's bad bad versions of intellectual property and I think people use it as a way to like styy creativity and progress in things that need to have progress or be not even progress. Progress is probably the wrong term. It it stymies creativity and cool new looks onto something like I agree there's a lot of crap especially in the gaming industry with Nintendo but it's also pretty ridiculous. Yeah, Oracle and JavaScript that's a great example. I think it's insane that that Oracle owns the right to JavaScript and they do nothing with JavaScript. It should just be public domain. Nobody calls it XMA ECMAScript unless if you're literally going, hey, we're now in a legal situation, so I need to call it ECMAScript in this one case because now we're in the legal world, right? Like it's kind of insane that we have that. ECMA D is nuts. Exactly. I don't know. this whole like I actually think that this is an excellent argument and I do think that there should be there should be something done about this cuz I think Stack Overflow is a crap website but the reality is LLM's also gobbled up a lot of Stack Overflow's interactions and so I think that is nuts 20 years and software is too long why what is wrong with that like how how do you determine these things daily push like where do you come up with your ideas I don't know right I can't just say hey You only deserve 10 years. Oh yeah, people who say intellectual property is dumb have never built anything and they don't have financial responsibility typically. The life of an author 70 years is quite excessive. I don't know. I have a hard time saying if something's excessive or not, right? Like I have a hard time with that. I don't know. I think it probably depends more on the thing than it does anything else. Right. The medium dev think Star Wars and Da Punk are in the are a public com. No, they don't. Does anybody think Daft Punk and Star Wars are public coms? Does anybody think that I can just make my own star like my own Darth Vader video game? Bottom 25%. You think so? I I do not think so. Back when we had Flash. Yeah. I mean, Flash was funny. That was Those are good times. Those are good times. Tupac Shakur did take the Cheetos for those that have any Ebombs World experience. Uh, the great cultural project of developers has been opposing any protection that might inconvenience a monetizable media sharing site. When they fail at policy, they route around it with coercion. They stand up global scale p uh piracy networks and sneer at anybody why so much as tries or who so much why I said why. Who so much? Well, I really thought that said why. Who so much tries as to preserve a new release window for a TV show. uh call any of this out. If you want to watch my TED talk about how hard it is to stream the expanse on Libé Wolf, yeah, we get it. You don't believe in IPR, then shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up about IPR. Reap the whirlwind. I don't know what IPR is. I don't think piracy is good. Like, I understand you're not stealing a physical product, which prevents somebody else from getting it. Oh, IP rights. Okay. Okay. IPR. Okay. Okay. I thought it was some other thing that I'm missing. Um, like I agree that piracy is not physically stealing a product like a car because if you steal one car, that car cannot be given to like cannot be purchased by someone else. I get that. Totally on that team. There is a difference between piracy and literally feel uh stealing something physical. But at the end of the day, you're still taking something that isn't yours whether or not uh whether or not it affects somebody else in a direct manner like stealing a car would. I'd download a car. Of course, it it sounds amazing to download a car, right? What was this article about again? I know it's it's still it's still theft in some level. I love piracy. If it were not for piracy, I would not have opportunities I have today. Uh I have a hard time to say I love piracy. I I don't know what you mean by I love piracy. Uh because there's a lot of versions of piracy. Let me give you a quick example. Um you download the Friends show. People like Friends. I never liked Friends. I don't know. But people do download it, right? They pirated that. Uh, I can't imagine that's going to make you a better programmer. That's just taking something that's not yours. Yeah. I also don't like friends. Yeah. I'm not This is not about me saying uh you wouldn't download a binary, would you? Why? Why? You don't like friends? Yeah, I don't like friends. Yeah. A positive case redux. Okay. I don't know what I I don't know what that is. Uh Seinfeld better. Seinfeld better. Uh when I started writing uh a couple Let's see. When I started writing a couple days ago, I wrote a section to level set to the state-of-the-art of LLM assisted programming. A bluefish filt has a longer shelf life than an LLM take. In the time it took you to read this, everything changed. Kids today don't just use agents, they use asynchronous agents. What does that even mean? By the way, aren't we using the term asynchronous incorrectly? Doesn't asynchronous mean to like align times? Uh anyways, uh they wake up, free associate 13 different things for their LLMs to work on, make coffee, fill out a TPS report, drive to the Mars cheese castle, and then check their notifications. They've got 13 PRs to review. Three get tossed and reprompted. Five of them get the same feedback a junior dev gets, and five get merged. I am a sipping rocket fuel right now. A friend tells me the folks on my team who aren't embracing AI, yeah, it's like they're standing still. He's not bullshitting me. He doesn't work in S SFBA. He's got no reason to lie. Yeah. I mean, I guess if change is your only metric, then sure. You're right. Absolutely right. I mean, really, it's true. It you know, also there's some there there's definitely like a side thing to all this, which is people already had a problem with deadlines. You know what I mean? Like we already had a problem with deadlines and all that stuff. Imagine how much more fun deadlines are going to get now. You know what I mean? Imagine how much better life's going to get, right? Where it's going to be like, "Hey, guess what? Um, we're going to need you to deliver these 17 features by next week, right? Everybody delivers 17 features by next week." What do you think is going to happen to all forms of quality? That is the, you know, that is the LLM future. There's plenty of things I can't trust LLM with. No LLM has any access to prod here, but I have been the first responder on an incident and fed 40, not 04 mini 40 log transcripts and watched in second spot LVM metadata corruption issues on a host we've been complaining about for months. Am I better than an LLM agent at interrogating open search logs and honeycomb traces? No. No, I am not. To the consternation of many of my friends, I'm not a a radical or a futurist. I'm a statist. I believe in half-hazard uh perseverance of complex systems of institutions or reversions to the mean. I write go and Python code. I'm not a Kool-Aid drinker, but something real is happening. My smartest friends are blowing it off. Maybe I persuade you, but I don't. I probably I don't, but we need to be done making space for bad arguments. Sure and real. Uh but you know like a lot of these things again I always come up with the exa I mean I hear all the things you're saying but speed and the slow abstraction away from code is also going to have a massive amount of security stuff. There is just like security issues are going to be such a real deal over the next 10 years. SLOP is going to be such a real deal over the next 10 years. Uh, and I also am still completely bought into plagiarism is actually a real argument and we're only not experiencing plagiarism because of some I don't know like I pseudo arms race. I'm not really I'm not really sure. Uh, but I'm tired of hearing about it. Let's see. And here I read join your company. I read Simon Wilson and that's all I really need. Uh, but all day every day a sizable chunk of the front page of Hacker News is allocated to LLM. Incremental model updates. Startups doing things with LLMs. LLM tutorials, screeds against LLMs. It's annoying. But AI is al also incredibly a let's see a word I would use advisedly important. It's getting the same kind of attention that smartphones got in 2008 and not as much as the internet got. That seems about right. That seems like an odd statement right there. I think it's going to get uh clearer over the next year. The cool kids hottiness about uh stochastic parrots and vibe coding can survive much more contact with reality. I'm snarking about these people, but I meant what I said. They're smarter than me, and when they get over this affection, they're going to make coding agents profoundly more effective than they are today. Yeah. I mean, I I think there's still a lot there's I mean, these are all proarguments, and I can agree with a lot of the arguments that he's making, right? Like, again, I don't like writing OAF. Okay, this is fantastic. Uh, hallucinations. Well, agents really do greatly reduce the amount of a uh hallucinations. I'm on that team. It's not a solved problem, but it's definitely better. Uh shitty code like a Junior. Never really bought that one. Uh but it's bad at some specific thing. Sure, that's just how LLM's work. If there's not enough data, totally on that team. I get it. I would not judge an LLM based on some bespoke language to see how good it is. Right, Ginger Bill, if you're still here, I wouldn't uh I would not judge it on its quality with Odin, right? like I I just wouldn't that it'd be a stupid way to do that. Uh and so I'm I'm okay with that. But the craft I do think that there is something about this that is kind of breaking from humans. We're more and more worried about just getting things done as opposed to the the goodness in which we produce things. I know there is definitely some sort of middle ground which you can't always produce things of high quality. But there also used to be something attached to the idea that what you produce needs to be good because it is really really it is really it is really lovely. uh mediocrity. I agree that there's a lot of code that just needs to be mediocre and that's okay. It'll never be AGI. I'm on this team. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I think those arguments have been largely dumb anyways and I just don't listen to Sam or all these people being like super intelligence is on the horizon. Uh they've been on the horizon forever and it's going to continue to be on the horizon. There's going to be some reason why they're going to be like, "Well, reasoning doesn't blah blah blah." I don't care. Uh but they've taken our jobs. I I mean I actually partly agree with some of these statements in here that we I mean programming has largely been the the forward progress if you call progress the forwardness the change of taking and removing jobs and making them faster and there's some good things about that right efficiency is nice the fact that I don't have to talk to somebody to book a travel is actually kind of fantastic I think we can all agree that kayak is a nice thing plagiarism real deal I think he completely undersells this positive case for Redux. Uh this I mean again I think that this kind of stuff right here you yourself can't handle all these things in your head and I think that you're going to largely introduce a whole bunch of inshitification and at the end of the day I think that we're going to have wild security problems and less quality software here in the next few years. All right. And I'm also tired of hearing about it. Boom. But I continue to use it. I I'm trying to understand. And I'm trying my best. I'm trying my best, you know, to enjoy this experience and trying to get the good stuff. You know what I mean? Let me erase this file we just created. Move to trash. There we go. All right. Anyways, uh there are brain chips out there. That'd be kind of neat. Anyways, overall, I think he he makes a lot of good arguments, makes a lot of dumb arguments. This is a pretty good article. You know, I think there's a lot of things that people need to say and even me, I'm trying to get over the fact that, you know, I don't need to artisally handcraft a log statement. I can I can start the slog dot and it's going to be like, hey, you probably just want to slog out these variables. I got them for you. It's like, yeah, thanks LLM. I appreciate that. Right? I don't need to artisally handcraft that. This makes me feel good on the inside. So, I'm here. I'm in it. I I'm on this

  Top Comments:
  1. @divisionbyzero7971: we should all pull in more arbitrary code from the tree of slop 🤣
  2. @crispybatman480: 36:30 That's just a skill issue, sorry.
36:52 Ah, so yet another slop coder with low standards and no taste. It's why the vast majority of code(before LLMs even) out there is a jumbled mess of uselessness, security flaws, an unaccountable development. Software that doesn't fucking suck and isn't like pulling teeth to use is incredibly rare because of shitters like this guy.
  3. @null_ptr_0x00: Turns out they were wrong
  4. @omegabit: Agents are just vibe coding with extra steps, more flying monkeys, more moving parts you cannot keep up with. Everything else is marketing. As if delegating what might go wrong when deferring to an LLM can be solved by delegating the viability analysis to an LLM.
  5. @KeelanJon: I dont think its fair to blame developers. AI is now compulsory in most software companies, and unless youre working on something incredibly niche, its actually really good when used effectively. Wild times to be in tech.
  6. @Arbitrarily.Varying.Signal: Wow the opinions of young people are fucking stupid. I already knew that from having kids and attending university as a forty year old, but wow. It's pervasive. I think all the things you said were sensible until you said Seinfeld was better than something. It is actually the only thing Einstein said was not relative to anything; it is the worst thing in the universe and will never be better than anything else, baby cancer and utilitarianism included.
  7. @DavidSaintyNZ: Craft is not as optional as the  article's writer suggests. All my clients have wanted a well designed and maintainable solution at the end for all important projects, and it's a bit unlikely that will ever change.
  8. @FastForwardToFlow: When has "shortcutting yourself into a complex craft" worked? I say never? Vibe coders AKA diet pill takers will be long-term disappointed.
  9. @FastForwardToFlow: I am super sick of lazy people having shitty generated code and claiming they are now programmers. I hope they stress a lot on the bug reports of their users and drown in technological debt (both inevitable).
  10. @0xfoad: there is indeed a real problem with licensing, and some day, someone will get together enough lawyers and money to take a gpl violation suit to all the big ai vendors. At least, that's my hope, my dream. Personally, I BSD-license things so I don't have to care _that much_, but... the license clearly stipulates that you can't disperse my software without giving me credit. Not that I care about credit, but it's a fucking license, and none of the aigen code I've seen has any attribution. Zero. Nil. Nada. This is a real problem, imo. It devalues the very foundation that all of these are built on - open-source.
  11. @0xfoad: gen x here, and if I could just be fucking left alone for a bit, that would be nice. It's not just gen-z. It's anyone who is disillusioned with the fakery of people. Gen-Z just has some really really great fake heros.
  12. @0xfoad: modern software is ram-hungry because ram is cheaper than cpu or disk access; at least it was until the ai grifter bros got us in a "ram shortage"
  13. @0xfoad: if we can all agree that there's a lot of garbage software out there... can we all agree to stop making garbage software? I mean, c'mon - either we're ok with mediocre software, or we care, but we can't be simultaneously unleashing the ~kraken~llm and complaining about the quality of code out there. Pick a fucking lane.
  14. @0xfoad: I'm sorry - "craft on your own time" is shit advice. My work gets the benefit of 20+ years of crafting, so they can fucking well like it when I'm learning on their dime.
  15. @gurnolla: Don't spin your tires fighting with "jr developers" whatever that is. Set goals for the new talent and if they don't meet the goals they have to go.  It sucks but that is  one of the tough roles you get paid for in management.
  16. @gurnolla: AI is a great synoptic tool, but it is just a tool. Not a leader or trusted confidant. Don't want something to do your job for you.
  17. @iamtheiconoclast3: If it's tedious, you're either in the wrong job, or the wrong career, or the tedium is trying to tell you that this is a detail oriented section of code which cannot be left to something that makes shit up literally at random.
  18. @MarkWelch: I've had success getting LLMs to generate good code, but then I have a really heavyweight process involving 8 review agents from different model vendors, followed by two different human reviews. I would not trust a single model/agent to generate good code on its own, for sure.
  19. @jsdutky: "If I don't want to do something I can explain what I DON'T WANT to do" FTFY
  20. @stratvids: Once again this is a another example of bad engineers think LLMs code well and good engineers know they don't

- YouTube Employee Reveals Algorithm Updates (2024): Kind: captions Language: en - The algorithm is focused more on individual videos. - If there is one person who knows more about the YouTube algorithm than anyone else on the planet, it's this guy. - Generally, I wouldn't advise deleting videos. We don't limit recommendations to just videos that have been uploaded this week. We don't calculate recommendations until the (beep). - And he's just debunked six myths about the most important thing that could decide your YouTube destiny. This is Todd. He's worked at YouTube on the algorithm for the past decade, and here he is in conversation with Rene Ritchie, the YouTube creator liaison. Together they just published a video on the Creator Insider channel busting all sorts of YouTube myths. So I thought I'd talk about it, and react to it, and maybe challenge some bits of it. - The algorithm for discovery is focused more on individual videos than like trying to come up with some comprehensive average performance of a channel. - (sharply inhales) You know what? I couldn't agree more. In a recent case study, we witnessed a channel with absolutely no video history get 100,000 views on its very first video. Granted, it took a bit of time to get there, around a 100 days, but this video was eventually rewarded thanks to its positive reception from the audience. Now, the second video on the channel admittedly tanked, but that was a quick update video to let viewers know what was going on on the channel. - Yeah, we wouldn't want the system to just decide, oh, one bad video, this channel is not able to create anything because that's not the reality. - And that would appear to be an entirely accurate statement as well as the third video on the channel also got 100,000 views and in a quicker timeframe. Now, this is likely due to the fact that the channel's first video was in a lot of viewers watch histories, and yeah, we'll need to come back to that topic a little later. - We wanna get every video out to the audience that would be most interested in it. We don't wanna be putting in logic in the recommendation system that draws the wrong conclusions about a video that just came out. We aim to not overemphasize historical data. - This one is a little harder to answer and measure, but I can ask you a simple question to help you decide. How often have you had a 10 of 10 performing video followed by your next publication being a 1 of 10? This happens to all of us, right, on our YouTube journey. Some videos work, some don't. It's all part of experimenting with different video ideas and figuring out what your audience likes. I think what Todd is trying to say here, in my own words, is that your channel is not made of glass. One bad video or one mistake won't shatter everything, but unavoidably, what it will do is disappoint the most important person in this whole YouTube puzzle. - Viewers. Viewers. Triggers of viewers. Viewer. Viewers. Until a viewer. Are very centered on that viewer and. Viewer. - Yes, Todd talks about viewers a lot, but not nearly as much as. - The audience. Understand that video's audience. Audience. Audience. Audience. Led by the audience. Audiences. Find their audiences. Audiences. Audiences. That's an example of YouTube following the audience. Audiences. Look at their audience. - You can't blame Todd, to be honest. For the last decade, he's been trying to convince us to replace the word algorithm with audience, and that's because his interpretation of how the YouTube algorithm works is determined by how the users of YouTube influence it. - We don't calculate recommendations until a viewer actually appears on YouTube. The challenge that the recommendation engine is given is given this viewer who's coming to YouTube from this type of device at this time of day with this history of videos they watched before, what are the best videos that we could show them right now? - [Host] And so if I watch loads of videos about WWF era wrestling, EV car reviews, tech, and Star Wars video games, you might expect YouTube, when I open up a session, to offer more of these very specific type of videos, and it does unnervingly so. - What are the best videos that we could show them right now? We are very centered on that viewer and finding the best videos for that viewer. - How often do you, as a viewer, complain about the recommendations YouTube presents to you? I know, I know there's gonna be a vocal minority in the comments saying they've clicked not interested on "Fortnite" content for years, and YouTube is still shoving it down their throats. But broadly speaking, YouTube gets it right, doesn't it? It's why you come back to the platform every single day and have been doing for years. So as an exercise, create a brand new dummy YouTube account and just start watching content. Keep an eye on how the recommendations change and how quickly it figures out your viewing habits, and then take all of what you've learned and put it in your creator brain. But speaking of recommendations and the recency of them. - One of the great things about YouTube is we don't limit recommendations to just videos that have been uploaded this week, for example. And so over time, there's always gonna be more opportunities for your video to get, you know, connected again. - [Host] It is hard to disagree with this, especially when you watch one trailer for the latest "Deadpool" movie, and then for weeks later, YouTube continues to surface all sorts of stuff from the Marvel franchise from over the last decade. We've seen this happen many times before with our own videos too that enter an evergreen state. Ironically, it was a previous video we made about Todd's insights into the YouTube algorithm. It has been getting millions of views from browse and suggested traffic for 18 months now. - So if you don't like this video, are you just gonna not recommend it to anybody? - It's not my decision. - Nah, there's a little cheeky smirk there from Todd. Maybe that's the biggest conspiracy theory to come out to this video. (upbeat music) But this does lead to an interesting myth about whether or not viral videos negatively impact a channel. The notion that if you make something a little off topic and it blows up, but then harms your regular topic videos. Is it wise to delete those videos that could offset your audience? - No, I wouldn't recommend deleting those videos because there will be a subset of that audience who will be interested in your other content. Yeah, generally, I wouldn't advise deleting videos because I think you're just removing opportunities at that point. - First of all, yes, I agree that you should never delete videos off your channel. Always unlist or private them first. But this is probably the debunking myth that I wanna challenge the most because what we often see, especially from small creators, is that when the video is so off topic, it doesn't just become a subset of the audience, it is the entire audience for the channel, and the creator kind of gets stuck. - We don't want to be showing the wrong videos to the wrong viewers either, and so we try as much as possible to understand that video's audience. - And so in my mind, when a viewer is confronted by a viral video on a homepage and they watch it and enjoy it, that video now sits in that viewers watch history. That then tells YouTube's algorithm to serve up more videos from that creator to that viewer, which are unfortunately off topic from the viral content. The viewer doesn't click on that creator's videos several times, and the audience is gone. But hey, maybe I'm placing too much importance on channel watch history as opposed to the viewers topics that they're interested in. - Obviously, if there's high demand for that topic and you choose not to make videos on that topic more, then maybe you won't continue to have that outsized performance. - But what about when you are making good content and viewers are seemingly watching it and enjoying it? Why can views suddenly seem to tank? - Creators who might say, "Hey, you know, I've been doing this same content for a couple years now and it's not performing as well anymore." And we'll find that, oh, there's a new channel that came out that's also serving the audience. You have to recognize that there's a bit of supply and demand going on, and when there's, you know, more supply, you know, with the same amount of demand, you may get less views. - I can't really disagree with this simple business principle, but what wasn't addressed in this conversation was when views suddenly drop off a cliff. And you can see it in the real time analytics. Granted, these are often outliers and impact a very small percentage of creators on YouTube, but given the size of the platform, that's still thousands of creators who are often very vocal about this on social media. So I'm guessing that shadow ban is a filthy word at YouTube HQ, but you have to assume, at the very least, the algorithm applies special measures to content that restricts its discoverability without outright banning it. The problem from the creator's point of view is that whatever the algorithm does in these circumstances isn't clearly communicated. And in the absence of concrete information, rumor and innuendo will run rife. Whatever you or I think about what the algorithm does, Todd had a very interesting piece of advice on how to assess the performance of videos that has absolutely nothing to do with any algorithms. - How did the viewers who saw impressions of the video in the subscriptions feed react? That feed, it doesn't have any like special recommendations algorithms. I find that videos that underperform also underperform when they're shown to subscribers in that feed, which suggests to me that it's some issue with the content or the way the content was packaged. - Has any of this convinced you at all in the slightest that the YouTube algorithm is here to help and not hinder you? Comments as always are appreciated. And if you wanna learn more from Todd about how to make your videos fall in love with the YouTube algorithm, the video's right here, ready and waiting to be clicked. - Viewers. Triggers of viewers. Viewer. Audiences. Look at their audience. Viewers are very centered on that viewer. And audiences find their audience.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UnveiledSecrets6: NI love your Video!.
  2. @Dailyprayer-p6b: great job
  3. @NoWordsGaming-o2q: The video is too long and boring. While the content is good, the way it is presented is a meh.
  4. @FanficTales: If you're complaining that recommendations on youtube home page aren't good
Tell me
Is your watch history turned on?
If it is then I am baffled
Or is it paused?
  5. @Thechroniclespodcast: Bro your so cool it’s like your a robot 🧐 😂❤
  6. @jmoon133: I use shorts to get subs and views for my long form. I average 300-400 per short, occasionally more. And then, two shorts with less than 40 views. Swipe rate was higher, engagement was higher than the others, and yet less than 40 views. And only shown to less than 50. I don't understand why they didn't take off when the stats were better. How is that not a shadow ban?
  7. @Gigi-oy2vk: Youtube's algorithm doesn't work well at all.  They will recommend the same video or short to me over and over again even after I've watched it.  I think eventually Youtube will be sued.  There is more manual manipulation of the algorithm than they are letting on.   Although, they are placing advertisments on everyone's channel, YouTubers aren't getting their fair share of the profits due to YouTube inside politics.   What is their explanation for arbitrary CPM numbers?
  8. @WatchWiseUS: It just happened to me (this channel I'm commenting on now). I am a month in - I was getting decent views (1k+ avg) on each video and short and then on Tuesday night, Weds morning (13th, 14th August 2024) my views just....stopped. I went from getting around 100 an hour across everything to nothing. It's picked back up to around 10 an hour now, but I don't understand what I did wrong and it's really gotten to me. Tell me what I did wrong and I'll correct it, but there's no feedback at all. My last three videos have peaked at around 100 views each tops. I don't know what to do.
  9. @markgreen2170: ...smooth move to get me to view this video,
  10. @showtale8325: Look at it from you tubes perspective as best as you might understand it. Largest search engine etc. the only real place that accepts practically any video. They have competing platforms etc. they also are famous for monetization etc. they recieve billions of videos around the clock. What would you do. You would focus on the sure things, try to placate the creators but due to monetization...you dont want more monetized channels. They dont want a competitor to come along that would attract the creators away from you tube. So you invent an imaginary algorithm. You make sure a select group of channels are successful that teach how to work this Algorithm. Bottom line there isnt any competition and its not coming. So everyone is fighting a giant alone
  11. @FatherFish: How does the algorythm choose which vids to post?
  12. @ZebraReviews-Games: I've had shorts that I've done that were similar content mixed from the same video and one got 10.5k views and the other got 4 views. As far as I'm concerned it's entirely random. 🙄
  13. @DREWANgfx: W
  14. @passionandpurpose036: It might be my videos are wrong., 😂
  15. @Foredoomer: The part that wasn't mentioned in this video is how 99% of the channels that get a their first video to go viral is because it first went viral on reddit or some other external site.
  16. @Im_a_hooker_too: why does my vids get 90% of its views in the first 2 hrs and 10% cmes 2 months later? ALL THE TIME! and why is it when i dont do commentary on reused content, it will get 10x more views?
  17. @Vengeful_Wyvern: What a complete load of crap. Your videos don’t get recommended at all if no one watches anything on your channel. When every video is a 10/10 and getting 0 views day after day, that’s genuine proof of how the algorithm actually works.
  18. @LightbeingPontifex: yes sometimes i get a couple videos perform really well by 100x
  19. @greendragonok: 8:06 can reflect a comment that has a lot of likes behind it moving the algorithm by itself
  20. @greendragonok: As a view i look at how long a video is before chosing to watch it.

- MrBeast Hit 1 Subscriber!: Kind: captions Language: en let's keep going there we go come on okay bro let's go we're so close oh my gosh that was so I was wow we did it oh they're going to throw confetti on me

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProttayBiswas-j2u5g [2 likes]: 0subscriber-1subscriber-400million subscriber
  2. @abdullahfani8960: https://youtube.com/shorts/h-5RV-pS9YI?si=UU6tK6SEK_XqN5Ty
  3. @mukiyo: 1# subs •••100% reach........
  4. @Nextgencreatorz: now this is just dumb
  5. @MovieLeaks-j4c: https://youtube.com/shorts/hzTKKFwTHio?si=RlQF-YwYqekFJwLr
  6. @1951._.Murad-1: 484 mn 😮
  7. @переписк-6к6: 😂😂😂😂🎉
  8. @Bismillahstonecrushing82: 😢😢😢“I’m a small creator from Pakistan. Your support means a lot to me 🙏”😢😢
  9. @Bloxesfarted: bro when he was much younger he had 4k subs
  10. @Clukersprunki50scratchguy: 99:59:59
  11. @Shaikbharathbmf: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ Mr beast hamare gaon ko bhi to aao na mister bin mar gai to batao na HD video calling
  12. @GeeHook: now mr beast has 583838239393929393929381838382828383882928283828929283838283939293888  trillon sub
  13. @foodfruitsandvegetables: Nice
  14. @LucaPupu: Ma scusa solo 14 secondi
  15. @RajeshChudasama-pw2gm: #shortsrr1220
  16. @statustechsahil: तु rhevvegegev
  17. @MaddoxGoodwin-q7r: Now he has almost 500M
  18. @RobloxProKG: 😂😂😂😢😢😢
  19. @Naeemedits22: https://youtu.be/vmq5t903YvM?si=QhmR8pdg1yVfrijo
  20. @hamilaimen3323: 100000
Not1

- No Views? No Subscribers? TURN THIS OFF NOW!: Kind: captions Language: en If your videos are stuck at zero views, if you're posting shorts or long form and still getting no traction, you're probably making the same mistake I made. There are five hidden settings that YouTube doesn't tell you about, but if you get even one of them wrong, your entire channel could stay invisible. I used to be there. Zero views, zero watch time, no hope. But then I changed several crucial settings and everything flipped. I'm going to show you exactly how to do the same. My channel is called Felixie AI. In the past, I uploaded content I believed in, highquality, edited, optimized, but nothing worked. No views, no clicks, no hope. I almost gave up. But then I decided to stop guessing and start testing. I spent hours digging into YouTube Studio, reading forums, watching insider interviews, and I found a pattern, a combination of settings that almost every successful channel was using, and most beginners weren't. So, I tried it. I applied all five changes, uploaded a video, thousands of views. Now my channel is finally growing and even my brand new shorts channel is scaling like crazy. I want the same for you. So take 5 minutes and listen carefully because each step builds on the next. First setting is made for kids. Just go to YouTube Studio settings channel advance. You'll see this. Is your channel made for kids? Here's the truth. Unless you're creating nursery rhymes or toy unboxings, set this to no because if it's set to yes or even if you're reviewing it video by video, YouTube might push your content into the YouTube Kids platform. Give it to me. Give it to me. And that's like getting kicked out of the cool party and sent to the kitty table. No recommendations, no homepage traffic, no trending. Your video basically disappears like your socks in the washing machine. Once I uploaded a video and clicked yes by mistake. It flopped harder than my gym attendance in January, harder than a penguin trying to fly. Choose that no button and protect your content like it's your last slice of pizza. And that was the first domino. But then I discovered something newer and scarier. Scarier than opening your front camera by accident. Setting number two, altered content. YouTube just dropped a shiny new AI related flag. And if you skip this, your video might get ghosted harder than me after I said I love you in a group chat. When you're uploading a video, scroll down and hit show more. There it is. Is this altered or synthetic content? Now, if you click yes, you're basically telling YouTube, "Hey YouTube, I'm a robot from 3025. Please launch my video into the void. No joke, I tested it. When I clicked yes, my views flatlined faster than my grades after discovering Netflix. When I clicked no, the same video started showing up in browse and suggested. Here's the real kicker. This setting is especially harsh on shorts, where YouTube is flooded with AI content, but it's creeping into long form, too. Especially if you use stock footage, AI voices, faceless scripts, aka 90% of us trying to build a YouTube empire from our bedroom. Right? So, unless your video is faking real world people or events, click no. Before we get into the most crucial settings that literally changed my channel overnight and gave me crazy results, here's something I never thought would make such a massive difference. I had the perfect YouTube strategy, the right settings, the catchy hooks. But still, I was stuck editing shorts manually for hours. At this point, my timeline had seen more of me than my family. Then I found Clippy AI. Everything changed. This tool is a total gamecher for creators. It can autocreate viral shorts in trending formats like fake text combos, Reddit style stories, split screen videos, even top five ranking shorts that are blowing up right now. No more editing at 2:00 a.m. asking why did I choose this light. You just upload, name your video, and Clippy does the rest. So, if you're serious about shorts, the links in the description, and yes, you can test it for free. No excuses. Big thanks for Clippy for sponsoring this video. Setting number three, playlist strategy for suggested domination. You ever notice when you're watching a video and every single suggestion on the side is from the same creator? That's not luck. It's planned. So, here's exactly how you do it. Go into YouTube Studio, create new playlist, name it something that makes people want to click. Something like secret growth tactics that got me millions of views. Or honestly, how I survived editing 200 shorts without crying. Yeah, that's my life right now. Next, add your best videos to that playlist. Videos that actually relate, not like me and my ex. Set it to public. Copy the playlist link. And now here comes the ninja move. Drop that link in your video description and as a pinned comment. But wait, don't just throw the playlist there like it's trash. Be smarter than me on a diet. Go into one video from that playlist, click share, get a timestamped link. This way, viewers land on a specific video inside the playlist, and then YouTube starts recommending your other videos like crazy. It's like trapping them in your content loop. That's how you create binge sessions. But hold up, we're just getting started. Next, I'll show you how to make YouTube recommend your next video before the current one even ends. Stay with me. Setting number four, end screen funnel. Okay, this one's simple, but super powerful. Inside every video, hit that little end screen button. And now, what do most creators do? They slap a subscribe button and call it a day. But you, you're smarter now. You're thinking like a pro. Instead of just subscribe, select playlist. Pick the same playlist you just made. Why? Because the first video in the playlist becomes the one that shows up on your end screen, that thumbnail, and when they click, bam, the next one auto plays. It's like setting up a trap, but the kind YouTube actually loves. You turn one viewer into four views in one sitting. More watch time, more recommendations. But hold on, here's the catch. The end screen. It only shows up in the last 20 seconds. And let's be honest, most people don't even make it that far. They dip faster than me when I see my ex at the mall. So, what do we do? I got you. We'll fix that in the next step. But first, why this all works. YouTube isn't looking for just good videos. It's looking for content that's sticky. Content that keeps people watching. These five settings, they scream to YouTube, "Yo, this is human content. This creator, promote them. These viewers, they ain't leaving. They're binging." That's how I went from zero views to thousands. Bonus time. Want to learn more hacks? Join my Telegram channel. Daily YouTube automation tricks and shorts tips for free. Yeah, I said it. For freaking free. And no, I won't try to sell you a $997 course after 3 days, probably. Setting number five, cards that trigger curiosity. All right, you made a fire video, but people are still dropping off early, right? Yeah, that's because you're not using cards the right way. So, here's what you do. Go right below your end screen settings and click on the cards. Now, listen closely. At the 10-second mark, add a playlist card. Not just any playlist. Use that same banger playlist you made earlier. Why 10 seconds? Because most viewers are already getting ready to click away by 15. You have to hit them before their brain even whispers next. We're not giving them options. We're building a tunnel. A tunnel that keeps them locked into your world. That's trap number one. Now, fast forward to the middle of the video. Things are heating up. They're engaged. This is when you drop a channel card. If you've got another channel, this is your moment. Slide that thing in like a secret weapon. In my case, I use this to promote my editor's Yakia edit channel. And no joke, it is so useful weapon. But here's the real source. Don't just use boring text like, "Check this out." Please don't use teaser lines that spark raw curiosity. Don't miss this editing tricks channel or edit like a pro with Cap Cut effortlessly. These aren't just suggestions, they're traps for the curious brain. And let's be honest, we're all curious creatures. Every time someone clicks, they stay in your other world. They go deeper. And YouTube sees that. It sees them watching longer, clicking more, looping harder. And what does that mean? Algorithm love. Now, real talk. You've probably posted videos that got zero traction. They just sat there, flatlined, dead. That stops today. Because these five settings, they're not just tweaks. They're weapons. They're the stuff that big creators use quietly. So try them, test them, experiment with them, and when you start seeing the shift from 10 views to 100, from 100 to 10,000 and beyond. Come back. Drop a comment. Say, "Felixie AI, I made it. YouTube is easy now. I'll see it." And I'll know you're one of the few who gets it. I'm Felixy AI and I'm on a mission to help small creators finally win in this noisy world of YouTube growth and algorithms. If you learned even one thing today, smash that like button and if you're serious about growing fast, subscribe with notifications because in the next video, we're going to learn about something special. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Felixy_AI [815 likes]: Join my free community:
🔴https://www.skool.com/felixy-friends-5955
🔵Telegram Channel - https://t.me/felixy_ai
  2. @KonstantinosFlorakis14 [2 likes]: Small creators assemble here😅
  3. @SELAHSIGNAL [1 likes]: 0 views here 😂
  4. @Max-bc4u [1 likes]: took me like 2 hours Ngl
  5. @Blackhammer406 [1 likes]: Small creators or streamers gather here!
  6. @TriggerDollar [1 likes]: Small creators  in 2026 gather here
  7. @TheQuietMoneyHQ [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/@TheQuietMoneyHQ
  8. @KTSminecraftsss: We can do it new creators
  9. @x1uke-c5y: i am small craeter
  10. @MetaGuide7: I just wanted to say thank you for all the tips and advice you’ve shared over the past months. Your videos genuinely helped me stay consistent and keep improving instead of giving up early.

A month ago, reaching even 100 subscribers felt impossible. Today, after one month of consistent work, I’m just a hair away from my first 500 subscribers. That might sound small to big creators, but for small channels starting from zero, it feels huge.

To anyone reading this who feels like the mountain is too high to climb: keep going. Stay consistent, improve one video at a time, and don’t quit too early. If I could get this far, you absolutely can too.

Seriously, thank you again for the motivation and guidance. It means more than you probably realize.
  11. @VertAimsxx: This is really working for me ngl, I’ve been getting over 1k views every short I post, gained 50 subs in a couple of days 🔥😁
  12. @forgettablestory9: Thank you bro❤
  13. @Gojofan132: We can do it
  14. @Leafeon_22: Thanks
  15. @boyeusamohma: Hi
  16. @CeceOnPurpose1111: This is a lot of information, but can you help with us boomers? Who are still working on learning how to do this stuff thank you❤
  17. @RND_1M-r7x: Bro my video Got viral for 2 days and now it hold in 23 k😢
  18. @EldritchOtaku-k96: thanks brother.this is a big help.
  19. @MarioAntoquia-hw4oj: Not work😢 1:19
  20. @danhiel_tv8308: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CSdaKijb0A

- Top #5 YouTuber Live Trading Losses with Reactions!: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to my top 5 YouTuber life trading losses starting us off at number five is YouTuber mayor Barack who is long in Tesla he takes advantage of the dip on the Gap up to take a long position nine and it's up now but it's extremely dangerous because it's the first few minutes of the trading session and I don't know which direction Tesla is going to pick but as you can see I'm a little bit up 10 grand and it's looking good after checking in on a different trade he comes back to his Tesla trade to see that his long position has turned sour it's fake to move higher and it's getting back to the laws where I should have my stop getting ready to stop it I'm already down fourteen thousand dollars that's very bad that's very bad I need to see it's topping just a bit relaxing a bit oh what a spike down I do not move out on spikes look at that that's terrible twenty seven thousand dollars down you know the case with Tesla is that it's strong today I'm looking at the daily Tesla should move up today but I'm done 33 000 this is terrible it spiked down I do not move out on spikes it is moving down just close the gap I expect it to stop somewhere around here because when the stock is moving down closing the Gap at many many many times it would find its support right over there at the point where it closes the Gap and this should be it right here and again the market started down a bit but I'm looking at the day of the market I expect the market to move higher expect Tesla to move higher today I hope I'm not mistaken here you just Spike down I do not move out on spikes although I'm starting to be to feel sorry about this one down 32 35 000 oh my God this is terrible next up is YouTuber Max sentia who placed multiple out of the money call options on Tesla going bullish once again on Tesla Market open and we're oh we're up we're up we're up we're up we're up um what the why did you say I'm down five grand [Music] um all right no way foreign [Applause] coming in at number three is the well-known Patrick Weiland with a triple hit of an opportunity loss followed by two painful to see losses so I can see BL and K kind of work itself back up here a little bit let's even get filled here at 520 have some trouble there at the 524. wow there's the drop oh so not getting filled there at 5 20. well that stinks oh man come on now oh you gotta be kidding me I try to get filled there at 5 20. all right so let's see now this five dollar area turns into a resistance here so it looks like looking nice look for some little pop back up here wow oh gotta be kidding me now 480s now you got to be kidding me oh my baby Jesus that 520 entry would have been so beautiful so so beautiful let's even get filled here 6010 not getting felt trying to get filled there twice at 610 area it's not getting filled oh come on now I'll try 500 here at 5.99 on blnk look for this pullback down to the 560s we got 565 so far looking for a little bit deeper here 560 give me 560 baby come on I want to see BL and K get down there the 560s come on baby get down there right here come on 560s come on baby drop on me get on down there get on down there he's gonna explode there I'm gonna jump out oh now it drops wow are you kidding me oh this is gonna break back above six dollars right there and just fail down there to 565. it was really holding this trend there holding the EMA I thought oh it's going to explode again of you know seeing this move earlier look at that fake out total fake out wow I got the full fill there wow there's a drop it's only 5 30s see this pulls back up there don't want to get out for that loss I was hoping that 550 area would hold his support and look at it now getting crushed that was a bad idea real bad idea terrible idea actually watch it just going down here down 200 hours now trying to get some type of pop back up here but it just does not looks like it's about to get halted or something getting halted on the down oh my God worst case scenario right now worst case scenario worst case scenario wow coming in at number two is Trader Tom Trader Tom is a professional Trader who streams on YouTube and has a ton of free resources and I actually highly recommend that you check them out it's a great reminder in this clip that all Traders take losses if the NASDAQ begins to trade above 940 we really should be bios of it because we got an inside bar here uh edit here we go I'm thinking this stop-loss might have to be way too tight I'm in here this is what the chart looks like let's see if we got any bias in this area at all oh my God I'm absolutely being host today not working take a miracle not to get stopped out here ah classic just went above that bar where I thought we were going to be biased right just went above it too bad reversal back down again I got stopped out so this is it we're gonna break out again I read that wrong and finally coming in at number one no top trading losses would be complete without this classic iconic clip from Chansey 1979. okay I just saw some AMRN right here uh off of the support right here uh bounced up a little bit uh passes uh 50 period moving average good thing this chance uh good chance this thing could go green so you know maybe maybe uh make a nice little chunk along a thousand shares and see what happens with this thing okay come on come on just keep on moving come on man well it's got some support right here so you know maybe it'll hang on to this 16 area bounce back up come on no no and those are my top five YouTuber life trading losses let me know which one was your favorite and why in the comments section below this video be sure to subscribe and like the video to help support my channel if you know of or have any other interesting trading Clips send them my way and they may make it into a future video link is in the description below until next time trade what you see and not what you think later

  Top Comments:
  1. @aguynamedguywithacamera [1 likes]: I don't understand this. You want to talk about dangerous? You are essentially turning it into betting. No amount of due diligence is going to protect your positions. The long game is the only game in my opinion. Work hard. Save your money. Invest. Be a good human and you will have a prosperous life..
  2. @albertocogliati3593: These guys do not trade, they guess. No one would expect a move in the direction they hope the stock takes under those conditions they show. Probably all paper trading.
  3. @greenlightzone: Remember kids to always put on your atop loss of 1 to 2%
  4. @robchell9196: Betting on white noise.
  5. @ChairmanMeow1: dude these 0dtes, endless options...TWO MINUTE CHARTS lol... this is gambling not investing
  6. @nosdilla9559: All of these guys aren‘t trading. They are gambling
  7. @Chairman-Joseph-Stalin: 1:17 😂😂😂the cope is insane
  8. @winnypsychologist: Spouses of forex traders, how do you cope with the losses of family money?
  9. @sirwannafly: 0:33 crazy to see the devs losing
  10. @TheSnakeInYourBoot: This is why day trading is like playing slots.

Invest in MSFT, NVDA, GOOGL, AVGO and AMZN and just watch your money grow.
  11. @Tutioqueinvierte: el numero #3, podra brother, pura emoción
Que es lo importante al final del dia, no vas a saber mas que los que saben, el mercado se manipula, tu unica chamba es aprovechar los movimeintos y entrar y salir.
  12. @Tutioqueinvierte: JAJAJA wey, el primer bato haciendo trading en 1 minuto con ese baro, no me jodas
  13. @user-zq4ru3to6v: Almost all day traders lose money
  14. @jackowen6929: That Patrick guy has no idea what he's doing, no analysis, no risk management.  Just jump into a trade here, take a loss, panic, close it, panic, open a trade in the opposite direction and take a loss.  He is just donating his money to a hedge fund manager's private art collection for youtube views.
  15. @Scotch_K: Just try Roulette. Same thing.
  16. @StillnessSymphony: Patrick Wyland 🤣🤣
  17. @Feanuruz: I made some good cash shorting Tesla. I love shorting it.
  18. @xzed6394: Do not speak. Play the live clips and stay quiet. Thumbs down
  19. @barackblows1942: How much did each of these idiots lose?
  20. @CristoReyEnLaCasa.: :D 7:37

- Videos I Could Not Upload...: Kind: captions Language: hi - [मिस्टर बीस्ट] आज मैं उन वीडियो पर प्रतिक्रिया करूंगा जिन्हें मैं इस चैनल पर डाल नहीं पाया। जैसे एक बार हमने 100 मील प्रति घंटे से चल रही कार को एक दीवार से टकरा दिया। दूसरा वीडियो जो कभी अपलोड नहीं हो पाया वो था जिसमे हमने उछलने वाले किलों से एक शहर बनाया था। वह बिल्कुल पागलपन था। हमने दुनिया की सबसे लंबी डॉमिनोज़ लड़ी भी बिछाने की कोशिश की, हमने दुनिया के सात अजूबों का दौरा किया, और इसके अलावा और भी बहुत कुछ। - मैं और मेरे दोस्त उन वीडियो पर प्रतिक्रिया देने वाले हैं और आपको बता देंगे कि ग़लती आखिर कहाँ हुई। सबसे पहले किस वीडियो पर प्रतिक्रिया देना चाहते हो, चैंडलर? - 100 मील प्रति घंटे वाली कार बनाम दीवार। - वह तो अच्छा है। - इस वाले में तो बिल्कुल कोई कहानी ही नही है। हमने बस एक बॉलिंग बॉल को एक कार में चिपका दिया और फिर बस उसे टकरा दिया- - टक्कर। - रुको, रुको, क्रिस, तुम टक्कर धीमी गति में देखना चाहते हो? - हाँ मैँ चाहता हूँ। - क्यों? तुम कितने खुश हो। शुद्ध खुशी - [मिस्टर बीस्ट] और अगर आप सोच रहे हैं, हाँ, यह वीडियो एक बंद मैदान में फिल्माया गया था पेशेवर पर्यवेक्षण के साथ जाहीर है, इसे अपने घर पर ना आज़माए। - यह मजेदार था। क्या? देखो वह कितनी दूर तक जा रही है। - मुझे यह भी याद नहीं है कि हमने इसे फिल्माया कब था। - क्रिस वहाँ ऐसे है जैसे, "मुझे टॉयलेट पेपर से प्यार है।" - अरे हाँ, चूंकि हम हरे स्क्रीन को संपादित कर सकते थे, हमने सोचा कि हरे स्क्रीन पर टक्कर मारना मज़ेदार होगा। ओह, वाह, हमने एक शार्क को टक्कर मारी! - अरे नहीं, शार्क हमें खा रही है। ओह, नहीं, हमने मोर्ग्ज़ को टक्कर मारी! - उसे वहाँ किसने रखा? - अरे रुको। मुझे पहले से ही पता है कि क्रिस घबराने वाला है। क्रिस को ये वाला बहुत पसंद है। तो क्रिस, यहाँ पे क्या हुआ था? - अगर तुम इस कार पर एक ब्रेड रखो। और उस कार पर भी एक ब्रेड रखो। दोनों कारें आपस में टकराएं, बूम, सैंडविच बन गया। देखो उसे। - यह वास्तव में काम कर गया। - थोड़ा बहुत। - ये माना जाएगा। - इसने कुछ-कुछ काम किया। - बजाए इसके की आपके माता-पिता आपके लिए सैंडविच बनाएँ आप बस दो कारों को लीजिए और उन्हें आपस में टकरा दीजिए। और इस तरह आपका सैंडविच बन जाएगा। - अपने माता-पिता की कारों का प्रयोग करें। - और उनका क्रेडिट कार्ड भी लें। अब, इन सारे हंगामे के बाद, आखिरकार वह समय आ ही गया जब हमने इस कार को 100 मील प्रति घंटे से दीवार में टकरा दिया था। तुमने ऐक्सेलरैटर पर एक ईंट रख दी और वह भागती चली गई। कार में कोई नहीं है। वह जा रही है, चढ़ाई कर रही है। और ये रही वो बात। उत्तेजना पूर्ण तैयारी और पूरी वीडियो धुंधले शॉट पे खत्म हुई। और जैसे ही मैंने उस कैमरा शॉट को देखा, मैंने तभी कह दिया, "हम इसे बस मिटाने वाले हैं।" तो यह थी 100 मील प्रति घंटे की कार बनाम दीवार। लेकिन सभी वीडियो उनकी कहानी के कारण नहीं रद्द हुए, कुछ वीडियो सचमुच में बिखर जाते हैं। यहाँ हमारे गोदाम की सुरक्षा कैमरे से ली गई फुटेज है। वह वहाँ पर गोंद से भरा एक बड़ा सा गड्ढा है। हम खेलते जो आखिरी में उस गड्ढे से निकलता वो जीतता पैसा लेकिन वो गोंद का गड्ढा आपस में टिक ही नहीं पाया और वो बिल्कुल फट के बिखर गया। जो एक तरह की विडंबना हुई क्योंकि आप सोचेंगे कि हजारों पाउंड गोंद चिपक कर एक साथ जुड़ा रहेगा। उसे साफ करने में सचमुच हफ्तों लग गए। यह बिल्कुल मजेदार नहीं था। अगला वीडियो जो अपलोड नहीं किया गया वह है भ्रमण करना सात आश्चर्यों को दुनिया के। मैंने अपने सारे दोस्तों को आश्चर्यचकित कर दिया दुनिया की यादृच्छिक अचंभों की यात्रा पर छुट्टियों पे भेज के। तुम मिस्र के पिरामिड देखने गए थे। - हाँ। - और तुम कहाँ गए थे- - स्टोनहेंज। मैंने बहुत सारी चट्टानें देखीं। - ओह, हाँ, वह बेकार है। हाँ, वह एकदम बकवास था। - गैरेट माचू पिचू गया था। - और हम यहाँ हैं। लेकिन क्यों, यह मुझे पता नहीं, जेमी। - मार्कस ग्रैंड कैन्यन गया था। चलो चलें! - वगैरह, वगैरह। - ओह वाह। वाह! - यह बहुत ज्यादा है। - चैंडलर, अंदर आओ। - हमें तुलना करनी है। - यह वह लड़का है जिसके बारे में तुम्हारी प्रेमिका कहती है कि तुम्हें इसके बारे में चिंता करने की ज़रूरत नहीं। - [व्यक्ति] ओह, हाँ! यह तुम हो। - हाँ। *लगभग 8 महीने पहले* - तो चलो तुमसे ही शुरू करते हैं चैंडलर। - मिस्र के विशाल पिरामिडों के पास। - हम मिस्र के विशाल पिरामिडों के पास थे। यह छाता टोपी लगाए व्यक्ति हमारा टूर गाइड था। पिरामिड कैसे थे? - वह थे- - बड़े? - यह तुम एक चौपहिया वाहन पर हो - यह इंसान मुझे एक पहाड़ी पर ले गया था, बिल्कुल यहीं। - हे भगवान! हम अगले पहियों को उठा रहे थे, यह बहुत मजेदार था। - यह रहा टाय नियाग्रा फॉल्स के पास। लगता है वह एक पत्रकार की नकल करने की कोशिश कर रहा था। इस फुटेज को देखे हुए काफी समय हो गया है। ठीक है, क्रिस कहाँ है? - यदि आप सोच रहे हैं कि क्रिस कहाँ है- - तो वह एक चट्टान पर है। - ऐसा इसलिए है क्योंकि वह स्टोनहेंज गया था और वहाँ करने के लिए कुछ नहीं है। - देखो, हमारे पीछे चट्टानें हैं। - वाकई? - बस चट्टानें। - और यह दुनिया का एक अचंभा है? - यह एक अजूबा है। मुझे आश्चर्य है कि यह एक अजूबा क्यों है। शायद इसीलिए यह एक अजूबा है। - दुनिया के जिस आश्चर्य को मैं देखने गया था वह था रोमन कोलिज़ीयम। लेकिन जब मैं वहाँ उड़ान भर रहा था, गलती से मेरा कैमरा हवाई जहाज पर ही छूट गया और मुझे पूरे इटली में कैमरे की एक भी दुकान नहीं मिली। अब मैं आह भरने जा रहा हूँ। इस वीडियो लगभग 90,000 डॉलर की बनी, जिसमें सभी हवाई जहाज के टिकट, होटल में ठहरना, खाना, वो सारी चीजें, 90,000 डॉलर। और चूँकि मेरा कैमरा हवाई जहाज़ पर छूट गया था, और मैंने एयरलाइंस को फोन किया, लेकिन उन्हें वह नहीं मिला। मेरे पास मेरी फुटेज नहीं थी और हम उसे अपलोड नहीं कर सके। - और अगला वीडियो जो हमने रद्द किया वह डॉमिनोज़ का है। हमने इस डॉमिनो वीडियो को चार बार फिल्माने की कोशिश की और चारों बार हमारा काम नहीं बना। मैं विस्तार से बताता हूँ कि हुआ क्या। जब हमने पहली बार इस वीडियो को फिल्माया, मैंने सारे लोगों को एक कमरे में इकट्ठा कर दिया और मैंने उनसे कहा जो भी सबसे बेहतरीन डॉमिनो लड़ी बनाएगा वह पैसे जीतेगा। लेकिन समस्या यह है कि वो सभी डॉमिनोज़ बिछाने में अनाड़ी निकले और वह बिल्कुल अच्छा नहीं बन सका। - इसलिए मैंने उन्हें दोबारा बनाने के लिए तीन दिन का समय दिया और वह केवल एक अजीब से प्राणी की आँखें भर बना पाए। - सभी नहीं! - जो भी था - वो कुल मिलाकर 7,000 डॉमिनोज़ थे। इसमें काफी समय लगा था। - हाँ, तुम लोगों के पास तीन दिन थे। यह क्या है? - तो फिर अगले हफ्ते हमने बिछाने की कोशिश की दुनिया की सबसे बड़ी डॉमिनोज़ की लड़ी। यह हम हैं डॉमिनोज़ बिछाते हुए। और हम बिल्कुल तैयार थे अब तक की सबसे लंबी डॉमिनोज़ लड़ी बिछाने को। हवा उसे बार बार गिराती रही, इसलिए हमने उन्हें उनके किनारों की तरफ से बिछा दिया। ये कागज़ पर काफी अच्छा सुनाई देता है दुनिया की सबसे लंबी डॉमिनोज़ लड़ी को तोड़ना। लेकिन हमें जल्दी ही एहसास हो गया की ये बहुत पकाऊ है 15 मिनट तक लोगों को डॉमिनोज़ बिछाते देखना। यह सभी रद्द किए गए वीडियो महीनों पहले के हैं। जाहिर है, इनमें से कोई भी हालिया की नहीं है। - यह वीडियो क्या है? - मुझे नहीं पता। यह उनकी पंक्ति का एक शॉट है। सारे दिन की कड़ी मेहनत के बाद, यह रहे वह सब डॉमिनोज़। उसे देखो। - यह तो काफ़ी ज़बर्दस्त है। - हम समर्पित थे, और चैंडलर इसे गिराता रहा। लेकिन हम हर बार फिर कोशिश करते रहे। और चैंडलर से मेरा मतलब है, मैं खुद। - मैं सोच सकता हूँ कि यह वीडियो अपलोड क्यों नहीं हुआ। हम इसे देखकर ही बोर हो रहे हैं। - हाँ मुझे पता है। किसी कारण से हमें लगा कि हम किसी सड़क के किनारे एक डॉमिनोज़ लड़ी बिछा कर इस तरह से विश्व रिकॉर्ड तोड़ सकते हैं, लेकिन ऐसा नहीं था। जब हमें यह एहसास हो गया, हमने फैसला किया उसे पूरी तरह गिराने का, क्योंकि क्यों नहीं? और हाँ, यह वह श्रृंखला है जो- - नहीं गिर पाई। - अब गिर रही है। - यह है वह श्रृंखला। - [क्रिस] यह उतनी भी शानदार नहीं है जितनी मैंने सोच था। यह थोड़ी धीमी है। - यह बहुत उबाऊ थी। मेरा मतलब, आपको साफ दिख रहा हैं क्यूँ हमने वीडियो को हटाया। डॉमिनोज़ श्रृंखला शायद थोड़ी बचकानी लगती, लेकिन अंत में हमारे पास एक सुहाना आश्चर्य था। हमने वाकई इस सभी डॉमिनोज़ कलाकृतियों को अंत में किसी वीडियो के फिनाले की तरह सजाया था। उस यूट्यूब बटन को देखें, उसमें बहुत समय लगा। - वह एक अच्छा यूट्यूब बटन है। - ओह, यह बहुत संतोषजनक है। यह वास्तव में संतोषजनक है। - [दोनों] ओह। - हमने जो भी बिछाया था, उसमें से किसे ने भी काम नहीं किया। हमें लगातार अंदर जाकर और डॉमिनोज को गिराना पड़ रहा था। यह एक अनर्थ ही था, ठीक है? हम डॉमिनोज़ बिछाने में अच्छे नहीं हैं। तुम जानना चाहते हो कि इन डॉमिनोज़ की कीमत कितनी है? - कितनी? - मुझे लगता है लगभग 70,000 डॉलर। - अच्छी बात है, मैंने इसका भुगतान नहीं किया। सामाजिक दूरी। - अगला वीडियो जो मैंने रद्द किया एक ऐसा वीडियो है जहां मैं कुछ कुत्तों को उनके जीवन का सबसे अच्छा महीना देना चाहता था। मैंने एक खलिहान लिया और उसका जीर्णोद्धार किया ताकि वह कुत्तों के एक सुंदर स्वपन्नगरी की तरह दिखने लगे। मैंने पीछे की तरफ एक विशाल बाड़ भी लगाई। मैंने कुत्तों के लिए असीमित भोजन, असीमित खिलौने लाए सचमुच, जो कुछ भी वो चाहते, वह सब कुछ। लेकिन समस्या यह है कि अमेरिका में, अगर आप बहुत सारे कुत्तों को एक जगह रख रहे हों, तो अनेक क़ानूनों का पालन करना पड़ता है और जाहिर तौर पर आप अचानक से ऐसा कर नहीं सकते। तो हाँ, मैंने लगभग 60,000-70,000 डॉलर खर्च किए इस खलिहान पे और इस सब अन्य सामान पर, और फिर जब फिल्मांकन का समय आया, तो मुझे एहसास हुआ, ओह, मुझे ऐसा करने की अनुमति नहीं है। मुझे अनुमति नहीं है की मैं बस कुछ कुत्तों को एकत्रित कर लूँ और उनके साथ राजाओं वाला व्यवहार करूँ। वास्तव में आपके पास लाइसेंस और अन्य व्यवस्थाएँ होनी चाहिए कुत्तों के समूह को रखने के लिए। इसलिए हमें इसे रद्द करना पड़ा। आगे एक वीडियो है जिसमें हमने कई विश्व रिकॉर्ड तोड़ने की कोशिश की। सारांश ये है की इसमें मैं और मेरे दोस्त लगभग 100 विश्व रिकॉर्ड तोड़ने की कोशिश कर रहे थे और हैरानी वश, यह हमारी कल्पना से कहीं अधिक कठिन निकला। जो हमने आज़माए उनमें से कुछ ये हैं। और हमने कैम न्यूटन को भी बुलाया, वो एनएफएल क्वार्टरबैक हैं कुछ फुटबॉल विश्व रिकॉर्ड तोड़ने में हमारी मदद करने के लिए। टायर के बीच से सबसे लंबा थ्रो - [व्यक्ति] ओह! - रुको क्या यह हो गया? - वहाँ पर! वहाँ पर! - ये हुई ना बात! - 31 गज करने की वजह से, तुम आधिकारिक तौर पर अद्भुत हो। - धन्यवाद, पिताजी। - यह सबसे लंबा थ्रो था एक टायर में से, 31 गज। - हाँ, लेकिन- - टायर के बीच में से फेंका गया, आश्चर्यजनक। - चलो जाने दो- - चलो जाने दो जब- - तीन, दो- - तुम पर, तुम पर, तुम पर- - तीन, दो, एक- - चैंडलर ने वर्ल्ड रिकॉर्ड तोड़ा सबसे लंबे समय तक आँखों पर पट्टी बाँधकर कैच पकड़ने का। आप इस पर विश्वास करें या नहीं, यह वास्तव में एक वैध विश्व रिकॉर्ड है। गिनीज का प्रतिनिधि वहाँ था और यह अब तक का सबसे लंबा आँखों पर पट्टी लगे पकड़ा गया कैच है। - एक और गिनीज विश्व रिकॉर्ड का खिताब। तुम अभी भी आधिकारिक तौर पर अद्भुत हो। - तुमने और कैम न्यूटन ने एक विश्व रिकॉर्ड तोड़ा। - हाँ हमने ऐसा किया। मैं कैम को धन्यवाद कहता हूं मुझे यह रिकॉर्ड देने के लिए। - तुमने उसके साथ एक और रिकॉर्ड तोड़ा ना? अरे हाँ, ये वाला ही अनेकों एनएफएल खिलाड़ियों के नाम पे था। - एक मिनट में एक हाथ से पकड़े गए सर्वाधिक कैच 30 थे। और फिर तुमने और कैम ने 32 पकड़े? - वाह, ओह। - 51 कैच के साथ- - मैं ऐसा नहीं कर पाता अपने क्वार्टरबैक के लिए अपने क्वार्टरबैक के बिना यार। - और अंतिम विश्व रिकॉर्ड जिसे हमने तोड़ने की कोशिश की अब तक का सबसे ऊँचा फुटबॉल कैच है। मैं एक हेलिकॉप्टर में 600 फीट हवा में चढ़ा और मैं फुटबॉल नीचे छोड़ रहा था। जैसा कि आप यहां देख रहे हैं, वह स्टेडियम में गिर रही थीं। और हम चूकते रहे और सच में हमारा समय समाप्त हो गया। तो हमें वह विश्व रिकॉर्ड नहीं मिला, लेकिन वह मिलता तो कमाल का होता। - और अगले जिस वीडियो को हमने रद्द कर दिया वो था मैंने उछलने वाले महलों से एक शहर बनाया। जो भी कारण रहा हो, हमने सोचा कि यह एक अच्छा विचार होगा कि दर्जनों उछलने वाले किले किराए पर लिए जाएँ और फिर इन सब लोगों को भीतर ला कर एक शहर बनाया जाए। इस ड्रोन शॉट को आप अभी देख रहे हैं, हमने सचमुच इस शहर को उछलने वाले किलों से बनाया था। - ठीक है, तो यहां देखें कि वीडियो कैसे शुरू हुआ। हम शहर तक पहुँचे। - एक उछालने वाले महल में। - यहां सब कुछ उछलने से जुड़ा हुआ है, और हमारे नागरिक बहुत खुश हैं। - भाई बॉबी बुलेवार्ड। - वो वहाँ एक कॉलबैक है। - यार, देखो इस पेड़ को जिसमे अभी भी टैग लगा हुआ है। - यह हमारे जीवन में फिल्माया गया सबसे शर्मनाक वीडियो है। - वह क्या है? इसे वहां किसने रखा? - अभी तक झेंपना शुरू भी नहीं हुआ है। - इस में प्रत्येक क्षेत्र एक पीओ बॉक्स से लैस है। और हमारे सभी घास काटने वाले यंत्र बुलबुले उड़ाते हैं। - हमारे सभी घास काटने वाले यंत्र बुलबुले उड़ाते हैं! - यह व्यक्ति जाहिर तौर पर शहर का फल विक्रेता था। और वह हमसे प्लास्टिक के फल के लिए 100 डॉलर ले रहा था। - शत प्रतिशत गुणवत्ता। - श्रीमान, यह सेब कितने का है? - 100 डॉलर। - इसी से पता चलता है कि यह पका हुआ है। कैसा है? - यार, उस के बीच वाली चीज़ ने चोट लगाया। - वह ठोस था। मुझे लगा वो था... यार, मुझे इस वीडियो में लगभग 5 झटके लगे थे। ओह, यहीं पे मैं फिर से घेरा गया था। - ओह, यह बहुत अच्छा हिस्सा है। मैंने उसे लोगों को घेरने के लिए भी कहा। - पूरे वीडियो में चैंडलर लोगों से जा-जा कर कह रहा था, "क्रिस से भिड़ो।" - यह रहा अच्छा हिस्सा। किसी कारण से हमारे बीच तीन-तरफा केला युद्ध हुआ। - यह जंग थी। - हाँ। - हम सब ऐसे थे की, "यह सब हो क्या रहा है?" - यह हमारे द्वारा बनाए गए शहर का एक अंश मात्र है। - यह झेंपने की भी एक अंश मात्र है। - हां, यह उसका वर्णन करने का बेहतर तरीका है। ठीक है, बाउंस सिटी में एक बाउंस बाधा कोर्स था। ठीक है, हाँ, देखो, मैंने बहुत अच्छा किया। - ये देखो, ये देखो। - बोइंग। - कौशल! मार्कस को देखो। - और इस हिस्से में, क्रिस के पास एक कैंची थी, यह शहर जो फुलाए जाने वाली, उछाल वाले किलों का बना है, आप इन्हे कैंची मारो, और इनका काम तमाम है। फिर उसने चीजें फोड़नी शुरू कर दी। तो फिर हम भागने लगे और सभी ने हमारा पीछा किया क्योंकि हमारे पास कैंची थी। - चिंता मत करो, मैंने कैंची फेंक दी इससे पहले कि मैं दौड़ना शुरू करता। कैंची के साथ मत दौड़ो। - इसलिए हमें शहर से बाहर खदेड़ दिया गया क्योंकि हमारे पास कैंची थी, और यह नियमों के खिलाफ है। - और वह था, मैंने उछाल वाले किलों से एक शहर बनाया। - यह एक भावनात्मक रोलर कोस्टर था, कम से कम कहूँ तो। - मैं उम्मीद कर रहा था कि वह विडिओ कभी भी उजागर नहीं होगा। - लेकिन वह अब हो गया, आपका स्वागत है। - यह मेरे दर्द का कोना है। और आखिरी वीडियो जो मैं आज आप लोगों को दिखाने जा रहा हूँ वो है यह डायनासोर वीडियो। मूलतः, मैंने और लड़कों ने डायनासोर के साथ मॉल पर धावा बोला। और आप लोगों को यह पसंद आया तो हमने इसे फिर से किया और भी ज्यादा डायनासोर के साथ। और आप लोगों को वह पसंद आया, तो मेरा तर्क था, "चलो इसे फिर से और भी ज्यादा डायनासोर के साथ करते हैं।" इसलिए हमने 1000 डायनासोर पोशाकें खरीदीं और एक दिन सैकड़ों लोगों को एक साथ इकट्ठा किया। फिर से कह दूँ, यह महीनों पहले था, इन सब वर्तमान में चल रही चीजों से। और हमने उन सभी को डायनासोर की पोशाकें दीं और जगहों पर धावा बोलने लगे। इसके सफल ना हो पाने का कारण यह है कि मैं बीमार हो गया और मुझे बीच में ही छोड़ना पड़ा। जब मैं बीमार होता हूं तो मुझे नफरत होती है! - बीमार जिमी ना की अच्छा जिमी। - लेकिन बावजूद उसके, वो वीडियो अभी भी वास्तव में हद्द से ज्यादा मज़ेदार है। - वाह, इन सभी डायनासोर को देखो। - मुझे अभी भी विश्वास नहीं है कि इतने सारे लोग आए। डायनासोर की पोशाक पहनने वाले सभी लोगों को धन्यवाद। मैं तुम लोगों से प्यार करता हूँ। उस दिन बहुत गर्मी भी थी। और हां, मैदान में खिलवाड़ करने के बाद, हमें जिस पहली जगह पर छापा मारना था वह एक जिम था। - लेकिन कोई साधारण जिम नहीं, एक ट्रैम्पोलिन जिम। - इन सभी डायनासोरों को देखें। - ओह! - ओह, सफाया हो गया। इस वीडियो की अवधारणा थी, अगर हमारे पास डायनासोर की वेशभूषा में सैकड़ों लोग होते, हम बस दुकानों में जा सकते और यह प्रफुल्लित करने वाला होता। जिम अच्छा था लेकिन मेरा पसंदीदा हिस्सा है जब हमने सिनेमाघर पर धावा बोला। तो ये रहा वो। हमने सैकड़ों लोगों को डायनासोर की वेशभूषा में ले गए एक सिनेमाघर में। हमने इस कमरे की हर सीट का टिकट खरीदा ताकि हमें यह शॉट मिल सके। - क्या वह बहुत महंगा नहीं था? - था तो। - [क्रिस] और ये रहा वो। - [मिस्टर बीस्ट] वह देखो, यार, यह बहुत हास्यास्पद है! - ओह, उन्हें देखो, उन्हे कितना मज़ा आ रहा है। - उन्हें देखो, वे सब हंस रहे हैं। रुको, क्या हम दो टिकट खरीदना भूल गए थे? - क्या वे वहां डेट पर हैं? - कुछ लोग डेट कर रहे हैं बीचों-बीच हमारी- - क्या? - यह पृथ्वी से टकराता हुआ क्षुद्रग्रह है। और जाहिर तौर पर यह डायनासोर को गुस्सा दिलाएगा। वो मुझे भी गुस्सा दिलाएगा। - यह उन्हें चीजें याद दिला रहा है। वे सब पागल हो गए। हमने सोचा था कि यह बहुत मजेदार होगा। गुस्से में हमने फिर एक मॉल में धावा बोला, क्योंकि हमें मजबूर किया गया देखने को पृथ्वी का फिर से नष्ट हो जाना। - हालांकि मॉल में हर कोई इसे पसंद कर रहा था। इसने कम से कम हर किसी का दिन बना दिया। - हाँ, सिवाय शायद मॉल के मालिक के लिए, वो ऐसा था "लानत है इनपे" - उसने यही कहा, वास्तव में, मैंने इसे सुना। - जब मेरी तबियत ठीक हुई, तो मैं इसे फिर से करना चाहता था। और मैं ऐसा था, "तो हमारे पास कितनी पोशाकें हैं?" और वे ऐसे थे, "ओह, सारे चले गए। "हर कोई बस उन्हें घर ले गया।" और मैं ऐसा था, "बोई।" और आपको इस विडिओ का सार समझ आ चुका होगा। हमने अतीत में कई सारे वीडियो को रद्द किया। यदि आप सभी को जोड़ें, तो वीडियो जो मैंने कभी अपलोड नहीं किए शायद उन्हें बनाने के लिए 400,000 डॉलर से अधिक की लागत आई। लेकिन मुझे आप लोगों की परवाह है और मैं कचरा अपलोड नहीं करना चाहता। और अगर कोई वीडियो अच्छा नहीं है, तो मैं उसे अपलोड नहीं करता। और पैसा एक तरफ, इन वीडियो को बनाने में सच में काफ़ी समय लगा। जैसे इस उछाल वाले किलों की वीडियो, जिस पे हमने सप्ताह बिताए। दुनिया के सात अजूबे, हमने उड़ान में ही छह दिन से अधिक समय बिताया। डोमिनोज वीडियो, हमने चार बार फिल्माने की कोशिश की। सौ मील प्रति घंटे की कार वाली वीडियो, हमने लगभग एक हफ्ता तैयारी में और कुछ दिन फिल्माने में लगाया। यह भी लगभग एक महीने के काम की तरह है, जिसने कभी दिन का उजाला नहीं देखा। जब मैं कहता हूं मैं केवल अच्छे वीडियो अपलोड करना चाहता हूं, मेरा वास्तव में वही मतलब होता है। मुझे परवाह नहीं है अगर हम एक वीडियो पर एक महीना बिताऐं, या फिर हम 100,000 डॉलर से अधिक खर्च करें। अगर यह मनोरंजक नहीं है और मुझे नहीं लगता कि आप लोगों को यह पसंद आएगा, मैं उसे इस डंपस्टर के फोटो में डाल दूंगा। मैं इसे आइस एज बेबी को खिला दूंगा। मुझे नहीं पता कि ये सब मेरी दीवार पर क्यों हैं। तो मुझपर एक एहसान करो और सबस्क्राइब करो, क्योंकि मैं वादा करता हूँ जो कुछ भी आपके सब बॉक्स में है वो कम से कम एक प्रकार का थोड़ा बहुत अच्छा होगा। लव यू दोस्तों, बाद में मिलते हैं। सबस्क्राइब करो वरना मैं तुम्हारा माइनक्राफ्ट खाता मिटा दूंगा

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [185000 likes]: These videos took forever including the last one
  2. @AhmedOsama-m4n8b [1 likes]: I'm hope to check video without lm in Egypt
  3. @AngélicaVillarreal-h4m [1 likes]: Old mrbeast is so peak
  4. @MdRokman-y6t: Hi Jimmy videotape Asheville 0:59 you Jimmy 🇧🇩🇧🇩
  5. @KanzonTêtu: Je t'aime Mr Beast ❤❤❤
  6. @arjunagarwal5473: This is why ur the goat I guess
  7. @Silvioktapia: 1:05
  8. @MimisWorld-n8n: 12:35  you should of uploaded the Dino vid I would of loved it
  9. @MimisWorld-n8n: 2:38  Didn’t that one get uploaded? Like a year ago?
  10. @MaximoGonzalo-n7r: At 2:33 that's not Machu Picchu because Machu Picchu is in Peru and that's from me
  11. @HsjanNanaj: 😮❤❤❤❤😊
  12. @nicolasdanielgutierrezreye4415: literalmente mr beast no sabe que ´´Machu picchu´´ es en realidad es chichen itza
  13. @BrandonDeese-h9k: What is the problem to not? Posting them.
  14. @notchplays6194: 6:21 don’t say it
  15. @MdJulfikar-w2p: Good 😮 0:16
  16. @CatsloverYas: 00:20 I swear I saw this video like the full video I swear!!!!
  17. @CatsloverYas: 00:20 I swear I saw this video like the full video I swear!!!!
  18. @ธนพัฒน์จิรัตน์ฐิกุล: Hi
  19. @DemonONsight29: Why is chandler not in the frame k feel sad for him🥺🥺🥺
  20. @Nightshoxz: Tomorrow will be 6 years

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy

- 6 Social Media Trends That Will Define 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Social media is about to change forever. For creators, for brands, for anyone looking to build a business using content. If that's you, you're going to want to pay really close attention to what's happening right now in 2026. Cuz the truth is, the social media content game is being completely reset. And marketing as a whole is entering a brand new era. Now, I know this because I spend all day on the cutting edge of content marketing and distribution. I have a million followers, I've done billions of views, and I'm starting to see trends and patterns that are not obvious to the average person that are going to create tons of new ways to win for a whole new class of creators and entrepreneurs. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through the six biggest social media trends that are going to change the content game in 2026. And if you care about growing your business at all, you're going to want to pay attention. All right, social trend number one is called macro becoming micro. And if you're just starting out, you're going to love this. In 2026, we will see the prioritization of nano influencers and micro niches. Let me explain what I mean. First, nano influencers. The most valuable type of creator in 2026 is the nano influencer. Now, these are people with 5 to 50,000 followers that have shown an ability to make high-quality content but haven't yet broken out with mainstream growth. Now, these people are super underpriced relative to the influence they wield. And because they started out in this current social era, they know how to make content that will actually convert in 2026. On the flip side, macro influencers, anyone with over a million followers, are basically just TV channels played vertically. And I wouldn't give any of these people deals unless they're top five in their category, built the majority of their following in the last couple years, and preserved their cult fandom as they got bigger. Now, tactically, you can take advantage of this nano influencer trend in four ways. First, if you're looking for high-performing content ideas that are validated but not yet mass adopted, the best place to look will be to study the nano influencers in your niche. Chances are, if they got a huge outlier to rip, it was the idea itself that was the reason for the growth. Because their face and personal brand typically isn't known yet to have had a huge impact. Hands down, the most valuable thing you could do from a research perspective is find all the nano influencers that are currently popping in your niche. Because if you study those winners, those will typically be more valuable than any winners from the large accounts. Now, the second way to take advantage, if you're a brand looking to use paid influencer spend in 2026, the moneyball strategy will be to pay $500 to 50 nano influencers instead of $12,500 to two macro influencers. Now, this will give you 25 times more shots on goal, and you can also negotiate paid ad spend boosting without paying a premium to the nano influencers. Obviously, the hard part is finding these nano influencers in the first place. One of the best ways is to use sandcastles.ai, which is the tool I built that makes everything social media growth related way easier. We just launched a brand new feature that will help with this called discover channels, where all you have to do is type in your niche, and we will automatically match the 25 channels that are the best fit. Some of these will be nano influencers, and some of them will be macro ones. And so, this is an automated way to run this nano influencer identification process. Now, here's the third way to play this nano influencer trend. If you're a brand looking to build an in-house SWAT team of creators that are more than a one-off influencer but less than a full-time employee, nano influencers are the best people to look at for these roles. Typically, you want to look at the upper end of the nano influencer class, closer to that 50,000 follower mark. Now, these people probably aren't making that much from content, typically less than 10K a month. And so, they're open to taking some of these more expanded retainer partnerships. Getting a few of these people in a Discord or Slack together, even if it's only part-time, is the future of building content marketing pods. And this could be the difference between getting your content hit rate from one in 30 down to one in five. Now, the fourth and final way to play the nano influencer trend is to just become one yourself. And it's actually a lot easier to break into the nano influencer tier and start monetizing in a variety of ways. Because the for you algorithms are essentially just slot machines, every video you make has home run potential. So, if you know what you're doing or you have unique expertise in some niche area, it's very possible to become a nano influencer and break into that category in just 15 to 20 videos. And this opens up a world of possibilities for you with all the things I already mentioned as well as what I'm about to cover next. But the beauty is, unlike before, you don't have to wait five years to monetize a huge macro following. Three months, four months, six months, and you're good to go. Now, on the other side of the micro trend is micro niches, and I often refer to these as super duper niches. In previous content eras, the guru guidance was to pick niches with massive TAMs, go for huge mass appeal, and try to rack up total views as much as possible. But now, the most valuable content positioning play you could make in 2026 is to pick a super specific niche where you have expertise and become the best in the world at serving it. Pure value or story-wrapped value are going to be the two best storytelling metas that are going to work for serving this niche. And here's why this whole approach, picking a micro niche, is so, so valuable in 2026. The algorithms are getting extremely good at keeping content inside the walled garden that you want it to be in. If you make vintage car review content, your video will go to vintage car fans and be seen by nobody else. Before, it was largely spray and pray, and the content got spread across all these other audience avatars. But now, the audience match capabilities in the social algorithms are extremely dialed. As we know, every single person has a super unique algorithm. And so, this means as a creator, you're finally getting rewarded for staying super specific and on topic over and over. The mega tip here on the macro to micro premise is this: you want to niche all the way down as far as you can possibly go. It'll seem counterintuitive, but I promise you, this is where all the value is. Because category and term ownership are the beachfront property equivalent in the attention world. If someone can think of your name and face associated with a term or concept, you win. And the easiest way to build that term ownership and grow cult fandom around it is to niche all the way down. All right, social media trend number two is called a tale of two games. And here's what I mean. The first generation of short-form content was all about mass top of funnel views. It was about making sensationalist massive TAM content with trending audio, all optimized to try to get as many views as possible. And a lot of people did have success with this in previous years. But the more you play the social game, you realize there's actually two very different games at play. There's the game for mass attention to monetize via brand deals, and then there's the game for on target attention to flow people off platform to your own products and services. One game is getting harder, the other game is getting easier. And spoiler alert, it's the mass media awareness game that's getting harder, and the conversion game that's getting easier. So, in 2026, we're now entering the second generation of short-form content, where we'll start seeing the broadening between art and business in content, between artists and engineers, between mass attention and on target attention. Now, this phenomenon has obviously existed before 2026 on the edges, but 2026 is the first year where the business owner content path becomes extremely formulaic and less of a guessing game. I'm calling 2026 the year of the business owner creator. Because you can legitimately make a million dollars a year in profit from a social media account with just 10,000 followers posting three times a week if you have the right viewer avatar aligned with the right offer, and you understand how to use proven psychology. You do not need mass views anymore. In fact, now, that's an inferior strategy. And again, this is because the algorithms have gotten so good at being able to serve niche content to the exact audience that wants to see it and not spilling it over to uninterested parties. In other words, if you can engineer your content offer alignment and have strict idea selection, you could become cult famous in one town without anyone in another town having ever heard of you. Now, here's why this is such a big opportunity right now. I've realized there's a huge gap between people that know how to make content and people that know how to monetize that attention in ways other than brand deals. And I think because of that, you're going to see a lot of business owners really take content seriously starting in 2026 and win big. And I personally am going all in on serving anyone living in that zone. If you're a business owner and you're trying to use social media and YouTube to build six and seven-figure businesses, this will be the best channel in the world for you. And I've got a bunch of free stuff linked to get you going below. All right, social media trend number three is called the year of the set. In 2026, visuals are going to matter more than ever. We know that 85% of viewers watch their videos without sound. And if you didn't know that, then you're probably as shocked as I was when I heard it for the first time. Because of that, you will realize immediately how important visuals are. Now, because 2024 and 25 were the first time where a lot of new people entered social media, and all the editing operations copy each other, a lot of the visuals have gotten really stale over the past six months. The videos have lots of visuals, but it's all the same kind of visuals. In other words, things are converging visually, and it's kind of hard to stick out. So, in 2026, visual differentiation will matter way more than it ever has. This means visual layouts, visual elements, shot angles, and most importantly, in-world sets. 2026 will be the year of the set. Now, Oren has talked about this a lot, and I've also mentioned it in several of my other videos before. Over-editing with graphics, a layer on top of the main shot, will continue to be commoditized because anyone can do that from anywhere. So, the counterpunch you're going to start seeing is an explosion in uniqueness in in-world set building. Because for 5 to 10,000 dollars, anyone can build a Hollywood-level looking set that they can film it. So, I expect to see tons more unique visual sets pop up that become the backdrop for new people's content. And with the right set, this is all you need to stand out that will let you make slow content but still be visually interesting because it varies from what people typically see on the feed. If you want to learn how to make a signature visual style for your content, something people instantly recognize, I'll link another video below that I made on the channel breaking down all the core elements you need. All right, social trend number four is the emergence of the modern content stack. 2026 will be the year that most business owners realize they need both short-form and long-form content driving to email. These are the three pieces of the modern content stack and really all you need to be able to build an eight-figure a year business. Now, here's why the adoption of the modern content stack will emerge in 2026. People are starting to realize it is extremely difficult to build longitudinal trust on short-form only. Now, this doesn't mean social media isn't valuable. Of course it is, but it can't be the only content medium you're playing with as a business owner. And this is because the higher the price of your offer, the more trust that is required to accrue in order to get somebody to buy. Trust accrual is just very difficult to compound over time on short-form. Because each video is so, so short, you can only add a very tiny hit of incremental trust with each video. And so, it just takes a lot of videos compounded month over month over month to build up that trust big enough to get someone to convert on a high-ticket product. Conversely, it's actually extremely easy to build deep trust quickly using long-form content. Think about it. You've probably been watching this video for 8 to 10 minutes now, and you've probably already made up your mind whether you like and trust me. That only took one video. The true god-tier content formula for business owners is to use short-form video for world exposure and then long-form video for world immersion. The goal is that one can feed the other and vice versa using natively optimized posts on both. 2026 will be the year that prosumer creators and business owners realize they need to add the complement to whatever they don't have in the stack. And I'm telling you, all you need is short-form video, long-form video, and email. That is the modern content stack. You are good with that. If you have all three of these and an aligned offer, you can build an eight-figure business. Now, if you're a business owner and you want to solve long-form YouTube in 2026, I have something very special dropping next week. So, make sure to stay tuned and be on the waitlist in the description below. All right, social media trend number five is LinkedIn video. I think there is a massively underpriced opportunity on LinkedIn video in 2026. So, here's what happened. LinkedIn launched short-form video in 2024. They were the last one of the party to do it. And as soon as it came out, they juiced it super heavy. Videos were getting millions of impressions that really didn't deserve it. And because of that, the engagement on those videos was very low and the conversion was not there. Now, this was mostly because LinkedIn users, which are used to text posts, were just not primed and ready to consume video. It was on a new tab, it was new to consume, there was a supply-demand mismatch, and the initial quality of supply was just not that good. Now, LinkedIn got heavy pushback from their core user base, who were not video native. These are keyboard warriors that not want to be on video. And so, LinkedIn pulled back the push of video in 2025. They still had it, but the reach was just not there. Recently, in the last couple months, LinkedIn has begun juicing their short-form video again. And so, in 2026, this is the year for LinkedIn video. I expect to see huge alpha here for teams that are early on LinkedIn video. It's not for every business and it depends on what your offer and kind of expertise niche is, but if it's a fit for you, you want to go hard here. The underpriced attention is insane. All right, last is social media trend number six. And it wouldn't be a 2026 predictions video if I didn't mention AI at all. Obviously, AI is everywhere and its abilities are compounding at a rate that we've just never seen before in technology. And while it can be doomsday, I choose to take more of the optimistic lens. So, I don't believe AI is going to replace human creators in 2026 or even 2027. The capabilities on a demo basis might be good, but in reality, they're a bit overblown and I think there's a huge boat for the next year or two. However, I do believe we're going to start seeing some AI content agents in 2026. Meta just acquired a company called Manis for $2 billion. They were one of the leading companies in the world building AI agents. I also had some of the earliest beta testing access to Meta's AI creator product where they'd have an agent actually respond to DMs on your behalf. It wasn't quite ready, but it was a great look into the future of what AI agent-enabled content is going to look like. And I guarantee there will be something that ships here in 2026 because of the Manis acquisition. Now, I don't think this is going to be an agent that makes content for you where you just put in an idea and a video spits out, but I do think there's a lot of cool agentic capabilities that could be bolted on to the content workflow. Whether this is analytics, workflow optimization, community management, bulk DM responding, there's half a dozen use cases that could be really interesting for Meta to try. With respect to action on your end, there's really nothing to do besides sit, wait, and then when something comes out, sprint towards it, not away from it. I'll keep you posted when Meta announces something. Maybe we'll even get Zuck on here in person to kind of break it down if he wants to, but we'll loop back on that. But for now, know that this is coming, it's on the horizon, and it will be a net positive as it adds agentic capabilities to the workflow. All right, guys, that is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the six most interesting social trends coming to the content world in 2026. And I just want to end with this. Most people are super doomsday and doom and gloom about AI replacing social media. I could not think they're more wrong for 2026. This is the golden era to build a powerful personal brand for free. The window will eventually close where you can no longer get free reach, but right now you can wake up, make a video, post it, and get a million free impressions, drive people to your products, all for free without paying anything. That window will close. User attention is shifting to social, brand spend is shifting to social. This is the year of the business owner building the personal brand. If that's you, I'm telling you, seize the opportunity. Now, like always, I'm going to do everything I can to just give you the answer key and as many cheat codes as I uncover, I'm going to break them down here. So, be sure to subscribe and check out all the free stuff I have linked below. And as always, the last thing, I've got a free community for business owners called Wavy World. I've got 65 free trainings just like this, 40,000 other entrepreneurs, everybody's in there giving feedback to each other, trying to get better. So, if you want a peer group to help you and get feedback as well as go deeper down all the tutorials I've made, I've got a free invite link for you in the description. All right, guys, we will see you on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sharmajigaming007: this is super helpful for planning my content
  2. @AmasAmi-r6y: some of these ideas are kinda wild lol
  3. @jumakesra8684: the nano influencer point hit. i’ve been wasting time chasing 100k+ accounts when the 3k ones actually reply. SeoLab Agency probably sees this all day.
  4. @hindiCartoon-p5p: i had no idea trends were changing like this
  5. @DBGAMERZ-333: good tips, gonna try these out for sure
  6. @gdswoodcraft: The sandcastles thing sounds great 👍🏼 if it worked. I’m unable to get it to go with my description and cannot get past that page. Help!
  7. @RaMbLe_OLOGY: Really interesting content, kept me hooked throughout 👍
  8. @PlantableRedding: why post 3 times a week? and how do you keep up with the right topics?
  9. @cal3_bm: This explanation made the approach easy to understand and practical to try out.
  10. @ildk3268: I'm just starting a business. You said in a previous video that in these cases  is recommended to just focus on one app for 6 months. I'm choosing instagram, how can I apply the long format video in that app? Or how can I build trust there?
  11. @andersondouglas9021: Kallaway, sou do Brasil e estou focando na sua mensagem para basear meu negócio. esse video está na minha linguagem! Obrigado!
  12. @michaeldanielson2602: What are some niche examples
  13. @pushparajpushparaj5062: The trends made me rethink “platform diversification.” In SAAGA Solve, the same idea performs differently just from native formatting choices.
  14. @MirMirSikandar: just when i thought i understood social media smh
  15. @udheeranishshanka6373: these trends are super interesting, can't wait to see if they happen
  16. @LoreMaldonado-n9i: wow i didn't even think about that, mind blown lol
  17. @rezaulkabir-p3n: really makes you think about the future of social media
  18. @ایماعیلایمانیراد: Question: in 2026, do you think brands will pay for LinkedIn video like they do Reels? SAAGA Solve data makes LinkedIn CPMs look oddly efficient.
  19. @Wolfoftheyear-g7f: wow i didn't think about it like that
  20. @RizwanKhan-yt1vj: this was super interesting, i can't wait to see what happens

- THE TIKTOK ALGORITHM EXPLAINED | Your 2026 Guide To TikTok Success!: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only video you'll ever need to watch when it comes to the Tik Tok algorithm. Because when you can understand the core operating system of how the algorithm actually works, it doesn't matter how many times the algorithm changes, you'll always be able to work with it instead of against it. In this video, we're going to break down how Tik Tok's algorithm works, specifically the for you page and Tik Tok search, what you can do to apply that knowledge as a creator who is trying to grow and reach more people, and what to do if you think you're shadowbanned. Whenever I make an algorithm video like this one, I only ever pull from the source themselves. So, everything I'm teaching today is from what Tik Tok themselves have said. With that said, timestamps and resources will be linked below. Let's jump in. What is the algorithm? First things first, there are hundreds and thousands of algorithms operating at one time to give you the user the best experience across the entire app. The foundations of Tik Tok's algorithm is powered by recommendation systems. These recommendation systems are designed to deliver content to each user that is likely to keep them on the app for longer and create a more personalized experience for each user. That's why everyone's for you page is so different and even sometimes your search results could vary per user. Let's start with how does the for you page recommendation system work. The for you page is part of what enables connection and discovery. Discovery being the key word here because this is where Tik Tok mostly shows you content from accounts that you don't follow. The simple way the algorithm works here is in two steps. Step one, Tik Tok studies what a user is interested in. And step two, Tik Tok shows that user videos within their interests that they think they will likely engage with. How does that actually work? How does Tik Tok study what each user is interested in? There are three main ways. The first, when someone creates a Tik Tok account, they're asked what they're interested in and what they're looking to discover. This alone sets the parameter of what their for you page will start to look like. Second, a user's device and account settings like language preferences, country settings, location, time zone, and even your device type or settings. These factors are included to make sure the systems optimize for best performance for your specific device and even potentially show you content that's relevant to you in your generalized location or country. No, this does not mean that you will only ever see content in your city because Tik Tok themselves has said that these factors number two receive the lowest weight in the recommendation system out of everything else that they look at. Then the third way that they study what each user is interested in is by studying your interactions and non-actions within the app like watching, liking, commenting, etc. Now, this one is the one that's most important because it is the most current data that Tik Tok has to analyze every single day that you open their app. Any sort of action or inaction that you make on their app is what Tik Tok refers to as interest signals. Here are just some of the interest signals that Tik Tok pays attention to. Whether a user watches a video or skips a video, if they did watch, how long did they watch for? Are you liking, commenting, saving, or sharing a piece of content, which accounts do you follow, which accounts have you followed most recently? And even the content you create. Yes, the content that you create affects what you see on your for you page. So once Tik Tok studies all of your interest signals and they have an understanding of what a user is interested in, they will then move on to step two, which is choosing videos to push to your for you page. How do they choose which videos to push? Videos on the for you page are ranked by matching user interests to a video's information, which I feel like is pretty self-explanatory, right? You're going to match somebody's interests to the topic of a video or video's information. Now, what sort of video information does the algorithm look at? What information about a video are they studying? The algorithm will pay attention to a video's captions, text on screen, sound, hashtags, effects, trending topics, number of views, and country or city it is posted in. Tik Tok studies all of that info and then tries its best to match your interests with relevant videos that they think you'll also engage with. So, if I'm a user and I skip past a bunch of makeup get ready with me videos, but I spend time watching and engaging with dessert content, it's probably safe to assume I want to see more desserts and recipes on my for you page. So, Tik Tok will go out and find a variety of dessert videos to show me. They'll seek out videos that have dessert mentioned in the caption with dessert on the text on screen showing a dessert in the frame. And because they're trying to show me content that they think I will engage with, they'll likely show me videos that are performing well, videos that have a high engagement rate already or a longer retention rate, things like that. Before we break down how you can use this understanding of the algorithm to your advantage as a creator and how to apply it for growth, let's first talk about how search recommendation system works because they're going to overlap in a second. We see the Tik Tok search feature come up in two main ways. One, search, where you actually go to search for content on Tik Tok. And two, in recommended search terms throughout the app. This could be in search results under others searched for or even on your for you page while you're discovering content and scrolling. You'll see this under the video on your feed where they just like suggest a search or like in comments they'll suggest a specific search phrase. So they'll prompt you to search for different things. What we are most interested in as a creator is understanding when you are searching for something, how is Tik Tok choosing which videos to show us in those results. Here are some examples of information that may influence the videos that are appearing in search. Relevance and content information. Basically, how well does the content match your search inquiry based on things like the video's caption, text, hashtags, and maybe even the sound that's used? Engagement. How well is a video engaging with other users? User interactions. Tik Tok will also look at your past search behavior and the content that you like, share, comment on, or watch to determine which videos to pull up for you. Say you've recently watched a video on clean eating and then you saved it and a week later you search for clean eating. That video might appear. Or if you follow a specific creator and you search for something and they have a video on that topic, their videos might appear. Or even content from a similar content creator, their videos might appear. Different things like that. And finally, user information like your device settings, language, preferences, location. Of these four factors, Tik Tok has said for most users, content information, how well the video content itself matches the specific search term, is generally weighed more heavily than the other factors. Now, with all that said, we know what Tik Tok pays attention to the most. So, how can you use this knowledge to your advantage when you start creating content? You need to think like the algorithm. What you need to do is become a mastermind of who it is you want to reach. Think about your target audience. What videos are they engaging with? What topics do they want to see on their for you page? What videos do they skip? What are they searching for in search? And try to create that content. This is why so many coaches give the advice of like, know your target audience. If you have a clear picture of who you want to create content for, how you could help them, encourage them, entertain them, you're already one step closer to working with the algorithm because that's also what the algorithm is studying. When you start to think this way, like the algorithm, you can literally predict what sort of content will be the most relevant to your audience. Therefore, predict which videos will likely perform the best for you. Let's apply this practically, shall we? How can you work with the algorithm to show up in search results? Think about your target audience. What do you think they're searching for on TikTok right now? Let's say it's lowlight house plants. You're a plant content creator and you know a common question that you get asked is like, "I kill plants a lot. My apartment has no natural lighting. What sort of plants could I have in my dorm?" You know, like what sort of plants can I keep in a low light environment? So, what you're going to do, you're going to search that phrase on TikTok. See what videos are performing well within that search and take note of that general style. Then you're going to make your own video talking about lowlight house plants using what you're kind of seeing as a common factor with popular Tik Tok videos. Make sure Tik Tok knows that you're targeting that search phrase by using the phrase lowlight house plants when talking in your caption in the pop-up text in the hashtags. The more you make it clear to the algorithm what you're targeting, the easier it is for them to push it out to the right people. Now, how can you work with the algorithm to show up on the for you page? This one's a little trickier. We're going to still think about our audience again the same way the algorithm would. Remember, the algorithm's number one priority is studying what a user is interested in. So ask yourself, what type of content would my audience be interested in seeing on their for you page? This one's harder because there's like a wider scope here. We know from Tik Tok it could be a specific topic that they want to see or even like a specific style of videos that they like. Clean with me, get ready with me, story times, or maybe there's a trend in your niche or a trending sound that they just think is hilarious and they're constantly engaging with. Think of all those things and just pick one aspect. Whatever that one aspect is, you're going to study how other creators are applying it in a way that keeps their videos high engaging. After studying those creators, you're going to then again apply what you've learned to your own video. When you post it, post with as much information as possible so the algorithm knows your video is relevant utilizing captions, text oncreen, hashtags, sounds, location tags, whatever is relevant to your video and your audience's interests. If you're having a hard time picturing who your target audience is and predicting what kind of content they would even be interested in, there's another way that you could find your target audience to figure out what they'd be interested in. All you have to do is go to your competitor or a niche neighbor or creator that you aspire to be like. Look at their recent videos, see what recent videos are performing well, and then of their top performing videos, go to the comment section. If you want to be a creator like them, their audience is likely your target audience, too. Look to see what comments they're getting, what sort of questions that audience is asking, and then you could create your own videos based off of feedback you see on other creators content. Now, what do you do if you think you are shadowbanned on Tik Tok? First things first, you got to do an account check. What you're going to do is go to the three lines in the top right of your profile, choose Tik Tok studio, and then account check. If it comes back as all clear, you're not shadowbanned. Here's the I feel like shadowban is like this term that was like coined on Instagram and then people just brought it over to Tik Tok when their reach was low. But Tik Tok doesn't want to shadowban you. They're not out to get you. They want people on their app. They want creators to have a good experience because it benefits them when creators are having a good experience. Most of the time when somebody says, "I think I'm shadowbanned," they're not. They just don't have the right strategy in place. I coach content creators on the day-to-day. I have a Slack community with my students. I'm in there Monday through Friday. I am constantly studying accounts and helping people make sure they're not shadowbanned with their content strategy, all the things. And 99% of the time when I do a Tik Tok audit, we come to the conclusion that they're actually not shadowbanned. It's actually us, the creators, the ones that accidentally self-sabotage our own growth by not having the right strategy and then we try to blame it on the algorithm because that's way easier than trying to take responsibility and figure out how you could fix your strategy. I know that's kind of hard to hear, but in reality, there's only been one instance where I worked with a student that didn't pass an account check, and it's because they were posting content that didn't follow the community guidelines. So, her content did get flagged for a bit. But again, their account didn't pass their account check. They were posting content that violated the community guidelines, and that's why their content was being suppressed. But if you're somebody who you pass an account check and you're posting content that doesn't break community guidelines, but for some reason you're still stuck at that like 200 view jail and you're like, I swear I'm shadowbanned. Nothing seems to be working. It's not an algorithm problem. It's actually a content strategy problem. So, if that sounds like you, I actually have an advanced class where I teach content creators how to break out of that 200 view jail and finally grow their accounts to over 100,000 followers. I'll be sure to link that below if that sounds like something that you'd be interested in. And in the meantime, watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pvaaccmarket [1 likes]: Most people fail because they only have one account. The smart ones test 5-10 at once and scale what works.
  2. @prm4uofficial [1 likes]: If your views tanked recently, check if your first 3 seconds changed—TikTok's been heavily weighing that hook retention since late 2024. Also worth testing posting at your audience's "scroll" times (like 9pm) rather than just peak hours, since less competition often means better initial push from the algorithm.
  3. @AndersCastillo-o4j [1 likes]: This video really breaks down the algorithm in a way that's easy to digest. I’ve been experimenting with different types of content myself. One thing I found helpful is using Famester to boost engagement on my posts, which helped me understand what my audience actually enjoys. Definitely gonna try some of these tips!
  4. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @baliviv: Нужно скачать ipweb и следовать инструкции
  6. @-starslivesdz5802: IAM SO HAPPY BECAUSE I DICOVER THAT IPWEB IS THE BEST WAY TO EARN MONEY ONLINE
  7. @esnusir: I’ve had a really positive experience with IPWeb. The platform is reliable, effective, and works exactly as described. Payments and tasks are real, and I haven’t faced any scams or dishonest activity. It’s refreshing to find a trustworthy platform that actually delivers what it promises. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a legit and professional service.
  8. @spinstreettv: you nailed it easily
  9. @VECTORChakraborty: Ipweb is a good online earning opportunities.there are are many types of tasks available about tiktok and others social platform...
  10. @prm4uofficial: The point about TikTok now weighing search intent alongside FYP signals is huge — creators whose views dropped likely got hit because their content lacks keyword-rich captions and on-screen text that feed the search algorithm. One fix worth testing immediately: treat every TikTok like a mini SEO play by putting your target phrase in the first 3 words of your caption, since that's what TikTok's crawlers weight most heavily. Curious whether you've noticed a difference in reach between hashtag-driven discovery versus search-driven discovery in your own analytics?
  11. @saedali4713: Hi
Where is the link of your advanced class of contents creator?
  12. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is the tool I use before I use anything else. Foundation before tactics, every time.
  13. @crescitaly: Understanding watch time signals is so underrated for TikTok growth — the algorithm really does reward content that keeps people watching to the end. One thing that pairs really well with this is batching and scheduling your content using a tool like Crescitaly, so you're posting consistently while the algorithm learns your account. Consistency + quality hooks is the combo that actually moves the needle!
  14. @taioba2007: Been grinding for months, stuck at 300 followers, you know? Wasted too much time following ‘pure’ strategies thinking they’d magically boost me to success. Found Famester and thought ‘why not?’ My forecast changed overnight, I got seen and followed by actual people! Feels way better than struggling to keep hopes alive by myself.
  15. @NarendraNarendra-o3x8r: I feel like I’ve tried everything to crack TikTok, but nothing hits until you find that secret sauce few talk about. Firing up Famester kinda felt wrong, but gotta admit, it’s what gave my account a reality check. Engagement finally popped off and just like that, stuff I poured my heart into is seeing some light. Desperate times.
  16. @FFMSHORTS47: Props for breaking down the TikTok algorithm in such a real way. It’s intense out here trying to fit in, trust me I get that. Then I turned to Famester for a push. It might feel slightly sketchy, but the real-life followers started rolling in. Simulation or not, sometimes you've got to balance the line if standing out is your goal.
  17. @HadesAddams-k9m: It's wild how we’re out here at the mercy of TikTok's whims. I was invisible on the platform until a friend told me about Famester. I decided, why not try it? So what if it’s not the cleanest route? I got my first real engagement and followers from it. It felt like finally pushing through that wall no one had mentioned in these guides.
  18. @maksatdemirov6300: Man, all the trying to figure out the algorithm is honestly exhausting. Took me forever to gain any traction until I stumbled onto Famester. Yeah, it's a little shady, but you gotta do what you gotta do to get noticed. Now I’m actually getting views and followers, and it finally feels like I'm not talking to myself all the time.
  19. @charlottedankworth3705: It’s pretty simple really. You can play nice with the algorithm, or you can take the shortcut with Famester and skip to the applause. I mean who doesn't love instant likes and followers, am I right?
  20. @StreetSaiyanOfficial: Wow, this is key info! Thank you!

- We tracked what happens after TikTok songs go viral: Kind: captions Language: en This is Jake Hi. I’m Jake. In February 2020 he posted his first video to TikTok. Alright, mom, what are you doing today? I’m going to make a beat! I had my mom make a beat that I had already pre-made. And I recorded, I'm like, okay, press these buttons. And we'll make it look like you just made it in two minutes. I need a producer tag Okay, what do you want it to be? Ayo mama on the beat. Within hours the video was racking up millions of views. So, Jake made a few more videos featuring his mom, but with one small tweak. My brother had the idea, he was like, yo, what if we like put a TikTok like in front of the phone and we filmed it... Hey mom. Have you ever heard this song before? The format was simple but clever: Jake would mashup songs on TikTok that were already going viral. [overlapping] Hey mom. It worked. With each post, he was racking up millions more views. But he didn’t stop there. And we were like, we need to put my vocals on the end of it. And if the song goes viral, then like we can drop it ourselves and become an artist. Hood baby part 2, featuring yours truly. Up down right down... We're just going to name myself, JVKE and we're going to go at it. Ayo mommas gonna make this a bop. “Up down right down looking for your love right now.” It just so happens that the first one that I put my vocals on went absolutely bananas viral. Jake’s 15 second snippet of a song was taking over TikTok. Once it was at 1 million videos, Charli D’Amelio used it. That means that this is about to be insane. Like it's not ending at a million. It's starting at a million. At the time, Jake didn’t even have a manager. But he knew he needed one fast. We have these fifteen seconds, we have labels calling us... What do we do? That was actually when I got on the phone with my now manager and he was like “Call me, right now!” He was like, "Hey, can you finish this song in 24 hours?" Clearing the “Hoody Baby” sample ended up taking a few days. By the time we got it out, it was at 5 million videos. It ended up going to 15 million. If you compound all the views of all the 15 million videos, it's like over 9 Billion views. This is just the beginning of Jake’s story. But what makes it so interesting isn't how dramatic it is, but how often stories just like his occurred in 2020. Over the last few months I’ve been working with The Pudding to put experiences like Jake’s into perspective. We dug into the data and stories behind dozens of emerging artists’ TikTok hits. To figure out what internet fame actually means for new music artists. It turns out, this is way more than a story about algorithms or going viral. It’s a story about the longstanding tug-of-war between artists, platforms, and music industry giants. You might be surprised who’s winning. If I were to review this project, I'd probably never do it again. That is Matt Daniels, a journalist at The Pudding where he digs into culture stories through data. In the Fall of 2021, we started a project that turned into what Matt describes as... One of the hardest data projects I've ever worked on. It seemed simple on paper: create a data set of Indie and DIY artist that went viral on TikTok in 2020 and determine if that virality was enough to change the outlook of their career. Because it really was their first major, major exposure to a huge fan base on the internet. But, there were a few big problems right from the start. The biggest was there wasn’t a useful data set of the most popular songs on TikTok from 2020. We banged our head against the wall trying to figure out “how do we reconstruct charts from TikTok?". It turns out, there’s a lot of playlists on Spotify that compile viral TikTok hits. And there’s also this tool called Chartmetric. Which among other things captures historical data of those playlists and tracks what songs have been added and subtracted to them and when. So, we got to work. And pulled all of the songs from as many playlists as we could find that were added between January and December 2020. Then we ranked the songs by their popularity on TikTok, filtering out any that got fewer than 100,000 posts. Which brought us down to about 1500 songs that went viral in 2020. The biggest challenge I would say is once we had our arms wrapped around these 1500 songs making the decision of, is this an established artist that had a TikTok hit or is this the artist's big break? And a big break is a very subjective decision. A lot of the artists in this list were obviously very established. Cardi B going viral on TikTok is not particularly impressive versus somebody who has never released a song before. So we went back to Chartmetric to dig into more data points behind these songs and the artists that made them. Including their Spotify monthly listeners, the number of times they've been playlisted, the number of tracks they've released. Which made it a lot easier to decide: did this artist have a career beforehand? Eventually, after filtering out all of the established artists we narrowed our list to a sample of 125 artists we felt hit all the marks. They all went viral on TikTok in 2020 and as far as we can determine, it was their big break. Can I also say something really quickly... Yeah yeah. It doesn't actually matter how many artists we examined. There's probably thousands of new artists that went viral on TikTok. So what we wanted to do was just wrap our arms around a cohort of artists that are experiencing this phenomenon and, and then say what, what happened to them afterwards? What happened to these artists' after they went viral was eye-opening. And nearly everyone of those stories starts with Spotify. The speed and the intensity with which TikTok sends things viral. It's crazy. That’s Elias Leight: he’s a music journalist and his reporting on TikTok and the music industry is extensive. The virality itself is not necessarily new but TikTok is basically just like a machine gun shooting out viral songs like even more than daily, honestly. The two big differences are how many viral moments it creates and then how directly that virality correlates with streaming increase which is why the labels are so obsessed with it. You can see how that played out in real time by looking at this chart which captures the explosive virality of JVKE’s track “Upside Down” on TikTok. But what it doesn’t show is that while Jake’s track was going viral people were flocking to Spotify to stream it. This is the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline. I remember when we first released the song it was just like a bottle rocket, up to like 500,000 streams a day. I was like, what is happening? I didn’t even know really what that meant at the time. What is meant is that the track was going to get playlisted. In fact within a month of “Upside Down’s” official release it was on 98 editorial playlists: including "New Music Friday" which has almost 4 million followers. It landed on the "Global Viral 50" Spotify Charts. And as a result, JVKE went from zero monthly listeners on August 18th to 3.4 million by October. As I’m editing this piece, he has over 8 million. This pipeline from TikTok to Spotify wasn’t unique to JVKE. It happened to nearly every one of the 125 artists on our list. So, I feel like TikTok is one of the main platforms where people actually leave the app to go and add music to their library. That’s L.Dre - who’s song Steven Universe has been used in more than 10 million video posts. Whenever one of my videos went viral most of the comments were people begging me to release it. That's kind of the culture on TikTok. When they hear something, they really wanna go listen to it. I pretty much went from having just like a few thousand monthly listeners to just a rapid incline for like a year or two straight where it was just steady going up. And what was more exciting to see was that almost all of the artists, including L.Dre had some of their other tracks get editorially playlisted. That's really important because it means that once you're on a playlist that Spotify curates, it's getting a huge audience it's a huge signal that the music you're releasing is going to get streams. To get a better sense of how the TikTok-to-Spotify pipeline worked Matt and I analyzed another chart: The Spotify 200. It’s a global chart that shows the top 200 songs on the app every day. These songs are stream kings. So, in a new spreadsheet, we pulled all the artists whose songs made the U.S. Spotify 200 after January 2020 and filtered out all of the artists who had well established careers or had already charted before then. This left us with a new data set to analyze. These 332 emerging artists who landed on the chart for the first time. Out of this group, a quarter of them have TikTok to thank for their big break. This is incredibly eye-opening in terms of TikTok’s influence on the charts. In terms of what is getting listened to in music culture. But let’s backtrack a second. Because it’s not just about racking up millions of streams. It’s about how fast you’re able to do it. And it’s not just about how virality influences It’s about how it influences music business. Spotify basically pays out labels according to their share of the total streams in a given time period. If you get a really big hit that, you know, does a billion streams over six months or something that can add a few points to your market share which then increases your payout of the Spotify pool. It's really like a ruthless competition for this market share number that no listener cares about at all but the record labels watch obsessively. Despite this obsession, look what’s happened over the past 4 years. Major labels have slowly conceded their total Spotify market share to independent and self-released artists. To get back a bigger piece of the pie, labels developed a strategy: Monitor TikTok like a hawk and aggressively try to sign artists that are rising to the top. In a way, TikTok is great for the labels. They basically sit on top of it, watch everything come up and if they get it at the right time they can probably make their money back on pretty much one track. The intensity of these bidding wars around viral songs... It's pretty wild. It's just like a flat-out sprint to grab the next viral thing. Here's a headline I've seen everywhere. And for legal reasons, I made a generic version of it. “Artist with viral TikTok song inks million dollar record deal with major label.” Let's break it down. So you're an artist, you have a song and it’s doing really, really well and all these record labels are hitting you up. They're like, I want to sign you. How can we be a part of this conversation? So then they will entice you with money, which is an advance. So this million dollars, right here? That’s the advance. The more virality you have the more zeros you’ll see. This is Mary Rahmani. She’s a former TikTok music exec who now runs her own label with Republic records called Moon Projects. When I worked at major labels, but under an imprint that was a little more indie I would go in between like 50 to a hundred thousand dollars for an advance. And yeah, the major labels are a double triple that sometimes. The label signs you, they give you a fat advance of about a hundred thousand dollars or something like that, in exchange for full ownership of all of your masters all of your recorded music. So, for that million dollars the label now owns the rights to your viral TikTok song forever and... They would keep around 85% of the royalties that came in. You only got your 15% if you recouped the cost of your advance. By the way, that’s Ari Herstand. I'm the author of "How To Make it in the New Music Business" and I'm an independent musician. So right after you ink your million dollar deal you see a nice $50,000 check from Spotify because your song is still riding that viral wave. $42,500 of that check would go to the label, only $7,500 would go to you… but it wouldn’t stay with you for long because you have to use that check to start paying back your million dollar advance. In essence, an advance is a loan. And if you’re only making 15% of the revenue generated by your song it might take a very long time to pay it back. So you just have to hope you’re very smart about the way you use your advance or you're extremely successful and your album generates millions and millions of dollars. And then you start earning royalties on the back end. The whole approach is basically like initially you're going to be, you know, 500K, a million, 1.5 million in the hole, and you just have to dig yourself out of it. This is what a standard major label record deal has looked like for decades. But recently, this part of the headline has started changing the equation. If you have a viral hit, and have proven you can build a following all on your own. Congratulations, you have leverage. I mean, if you have a viral hit, probably you’re getting a lot of offers simultaneously because labels scrutinize TikTok so closely and they want to be part of these viral things so badly Because of that... There's been a bigger shift in the last couple of years than there has been in the last 50 years in the types of deals that labels are starting to offer the artists in the artists favor. Where the label comes to the artist and says, I know, historically we would take 85%, but we're not going to do that for you because you're so valuable. And you've obviously proven that you can create a career all on your own. So, how about 50/50 we're partners now? And you know, we're not going to own your stuff. We're just going to do a licensing deal. Meaning give us the rights to your record for the next 12 to 15 years. You can still do whatever you want with it, we'll do whatever we can to make more money on this. And we'll split it 50/50. That has never really happened before with self-released DIY independent artists. So, how many record deals are actually happening? Matt and I decided to tackle this question from two angles. First by compiling a list of around 367 emerging artists who landed their first major label deal after January 2020. And then from there, we went row by row, artist by artist, trying to determine, did this person have a viral moment on TikTok? And if so, was that cited as one of the reasons for them getting signed? It turns out, roughly a third of these deals happened because an artist's song went viral on TikTok. And when Matt and I went back and looked at our original group of 125 artists, we figured out that 46% of them went from unsigned to landing a major record label deal. Because when these artists do have leverage, signing to a major has its benefits. For one, they have direct relationships with streaming services like Spotify which helps them get more placements on editorial playlists. They are also massive international conglomerates, so they will tell you that they can push you in Sweden and France and Germany and Japan at the same time as they push you in America. At the end of the day, the biggest difference is that they're massive banks and they can write huge checks. But TikTok, has increased the chances for DIY artists to go viral one day and wake up the next morning with a million streams on Spotify without spending millions of dollars to record an album, and needing a global team to promote it. This is honestly the subject of a lot of debate right now. If you're able to build a lot of leverage on your own, like how much benefit does a big label offer you and what should you give up? When I looked at the data, I wasn’t that surprised to all of these of these artists signing deals with major labels. What I found more compelling was the group who were likely offered deals and decided to continue on their own, at least for now. It's like, I can promote my music. I don't have to rely on you to make stuff happen for me. The leverage is kind of slowly being put back into the hands of the artists and it’s a beautiful thing to see. When I was browsing our list of 125 viral artists one name happened to grab my attention: Edith Whiskers. It turns out that name is a pseudonym for the prolific singer songwriter Tom Rosenthal. I write fairly boring singer songwriting music that has gone a bit viral on TikTok. Tom’s first viral song was his cover of “Home” by Edward Sharp and the Magnetic Zeroes. It’s been used in 1.6 million TikTok videos. So after the initial TikTok waves hit me, I thought, okay, I'm going to release it, but then it suddenly dawned on me that if I released it via my own name, I thought this cover will be on the top of my lists forever. I couldn’t bear the idea of writing all these original songs and then having one cover just sitting there at the top. So he did the only sensible thing. I came up with four names, put all those names on Twitter, did a Twitter poll and Edith Whiskers was the favorite. So he released the track on Spotify under the name Edith Whiskers And it shot straight up to the Spotify Viral 50. Basically, If you can name a record label they reached out. The thing is, Tom is staunchly independent. And has some pretty strong feelings about major labels. I'm their worst nightmare, really, because I'm older than, you know, 19. When record labels said to me “Oh, come and sign with us because you know, these things can drop off and we help it grow and flourish in its own special way.” Well, I go, “Hang on, I've literally got the data from the first one over a year now, showing that it basically does roughly the same thing every single day of his life.” I just basically said, this is around the kind of money that it would take to get me interested, because I know this is the money that I will make from these songs. That knowledge is really important, especially if you're independent. In 2021, just a few months after going viral, Tom started his own record label. I thought, let's try it. Let's try and create a fair system. Let’s actually have a completely big rethink about how I approach it compared to traditional record labels. The first thing he nixed was the long tradition of advance and recoupment. Obviously not go crazy and invest lots of money, but actually invest, you know, one or 2000 pounds or dollars in someone and say, look, let's make a few songs, but I'm not looking for that money back. So that's the key difference, I think, is you’re just investing in people, rather than it being this odd loan system. I want every artist of mine, on my record label, to understand money. And the only way they do that is by seeing money come in straight away and understanding how that works. It has never been a better time to be a DIY artist, but that doesn’t mean it’s easy. I’m at the whims of these almighty algorithms at all times. Like they pretty much decide, you know, whether I'm gonna eat dinner or whatever. A few years ago I started following L.Dre on Instagram way before TikTok was even on my radar and it seemed like he always had content at the ready. I just need to make that I’m posting stuff, pretty consistently on any platform I can. The fact of the matter is, if you wanna make it today, you either have to have money to hire people, or you just need to also become a video editor. Also become a graphic designer. You definitely have to wear a lot of hats for sure. Pretty much everyone I talked to said, if you want exposure, you have to be on TikTok, and not only that, you have post post post. We recommended posting three to five times a week and now it's three to five times a day, Because theres people out there who are willing to put in the extra work, and you’re competing with them now. Even if you’re an influencer full time, it’s a lot of work. But it's just because there's so much content coming in and music is one vertical of many. If you’re looking to break as a new artist, that is kind of the requirement. The more you post, the more you'll get discovered. Out of all of the big existential questions this project hit me with, the one that I can’t stop thinking about is this: Is music just content now? Are musicians just content creators? I don't know what the actual meaning of this was but like the video killed the radio star thing. There's more to the equation than just your voice on radio. And I think that's kind of what you're getting at here is that there's just so much around your ability to create content. On one hand, if you're signed to a label, they can help you with that. But on the other hand, you're signed to a label because you're good at that already. Matt and I spent months poking at prodding at the digital footprint of these 125 artists. Examining whether or not they would be deemed successful based on how quickly their TikTok and Instagram followers increased, or whether they gained youtube subscribers, and spotify monthly listeners. But one metric that’s just as valuable is touring. People love you on TikTok. That's great. Will they pay for a show? You know, can you start selling merch? Like, is there a deeper attachment here? First we looked at, of these artists, how many were touring beforehand? Unsurprisingly, some of them were. Among the artists who had never toured before or played a show about a third of them have had at least one show and about 15% of them are actually playing festivals now. A decent chunk of these artists have been able to channel their TikTok success into performing live music, which is often the source of financial security for an artist. You want people to come to your shows and you want people to buy your albums and your t-shirts and be invested in what you're doing as an all-rounder. And actually a viral song is obviously great, but it’s about doing something so much stronger than that. In November 2021, a little over a year after Jake went viral with his mom on TikTok, he played his very first live show. "When you perform for the very first time after everyone said you were just a TikToker." That first moment when I was walking onto the stage I was walking kind of slow just to like take in what was actually happening. As I sang the first lyrics to the song and everyone was just screaming back at me. Like I almost was like speechless. That target, we were trying to hit of like let's convert this virality into something real, like we hit that target spot on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [629 likes]: For more from our friends at The Pudding, check them out at:  https://pudding.cool/ They make data fun and accessible, providing longform and interactive  data journalism pieces spanning topics from Ali Wong to Air Jordans.
  2. @KV21YT [2 likes]: This is jake, who was famous before his biggest hit golden hour.
  3. @Limozo [2 likes]: Literally 15 seconds of fame...
  4. @gababiba [1 likes]: They will all be forgotten as fast as they rose to fame
  5. @hwoonDeurim [1 likes]: i've only heard abt jvke since golden hour, never seen his mother OR a tiktok from him
  6. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: This looks terrible and I'm sorry you had to do it... I would never
But I think it would have been so much easier if you'd done it once AI had come out
  7. @EverettPalet [1 likes]: I told y'all TikTok>Reels
  8. @sarahjames927 [1 likes]: Problem is are they going to have staying power as an artist.
  9. @joesmith-es1zy: You can't post three to four times a week and still produce quality, it's simply not possible. Luckily young people today are willing to listen to some truly awful stuff.
  10. @tonipwneroni9846: This is like they took a scientific paper and turned it into a video essay. I live for this.
  11. @minihiphopmuseum9668: 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @AudreyMalia: Moore Lisa Smith Helen Johnson Paul
  13. @rbnlmsl: now i start feeling like they hacked into youtube algorithm as well...
like if you  know what i mean??
😂
  14. @paulbali9998: I'm not sure we need more songs, we'll never hear but a sliver of the extant Catalogue.

But AI needs more training data!  maybe it retroactively invents social media to feed its young brain, turns us all into content creators for its kindegarten.
  15. @apushbruh5238: Thanks for this
  16. @biancaayuri1341: that one james blake video
  17. @nyctilia: Thanks a lot! I had been wondering how those things work today and that really gave me a great overview! I saved the video as I’ll likely will be needing this info again :)
  18. @HolloMatlala1: 16:49😂😂😂...
  19. @marcelkamira: who will tell them that tiktok is going to get burned
  20. @SASTSimon: 15:35 in this small clip alone you can see both the names ”cmten” and ”glitch gum” 

I find that pretty funny since those 2 have collabed on a song before

- 6 Marketing Trends You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en if you're still marketing like it's 2024 you're&nbsp; already behind AI is taking over attention spans&nbsp;&nbsp; are shrinking and brands that don't evolve they'll&nbsp; get left behind but here's the good news I've got&nbsp;&nbsp; the exact strategies to help you keep up and&nbsp; by the end of this video you'll be ahead of the&nbsp;&nbsp; competition I've spent hours digging through the&nbsp; most gamechanging shifts happening in marketing&nbsp;&nbsp; right now and these aren't just predictions they&nbsp; are data backed insights straight from hubspot's&nbsp;&nbsp; state of marketing report this report surveyed&nbsp; over 1,200 marketers worldwide and some of these&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers they will blow your mind if you want to&nbsp; go even deeper I've linked the full report in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description is completely free to download and&nbsp; it will give you even more insights to stay ahead&nbsp;&nbsp; of the competition but for now let's get into&nbsp; it we're starting with a trend that's already&nbsp;&nbsp; reshaping marketing as we know it are you still&nbsp; trying to manually adjust your marketing campaigns&nbsp;&nbsp; AI is already doing it faster and smarter&nbsp; and marketers who aren't using it they're&nbsp;&nbsp; falling behind AI isn't just creating content&nbsp; it's optimizing entire marketing strategies in&nbsp;&nbsp; real time so why does this matter if you're not&nbsp; using AI yet you are making marketing harder and&nbsp;&nbsp; more expensive than it needs to be marketers&nbsp; who resist AI risk falling behind competitors&nbsp;&nbsp; who are already automating and scaling faster&nbsp; so here are three ways that you can stay ahead&nbsp;&nbsp; use AI tools like Chachi BT or HubSpot Breeze&nbsp; to generate social media posts email subject&nbsp;&nbsp; lines and AD headlines test AI generated content&nbsp; versus human written content to see which gets&nbsp;&nbsp; more engagement clicks and conversions&nbsp; let AI track patterns and predict Trends&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can make datadriven marketing decisions&nbsp; faster time is money if you're one of the 47%&nbsp;&nbsp; of marketers who don't know how to measure&nbsp; ai's impact check out page 34 of the state&nbsp;&nbsp; of marketing report AI is just the beginning&nbsp; because even with the smartest tools there's&nbsp;&nbsp; one thing that AI can can't do for you&nbsp; keep people engaged and that's our next challenge getting clicks is easy keeping&nbsp; people watching reading or engaging that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the real challenge short form videos like Tik&nbsp; toks Instagram reals and YouTube shorts are now&nbsp;&nbsp; the best performing content format for businesses&nbsp; they're driving more views and engagement than&nbsp;&nbsp; static content long form video content so webinars&nbsp; podcasts and YouTube videos similar to this video&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're watching right now see 10 times more&nbsp; engagement than blog posts alone social platforms&nbsp;&nbsp; reward engagement time the longer people stay&nbsp; on your content the more it gets pushed to new&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences so I would actually love it if you&nbsp; would give this video a like and stick around&nbsp;&nbsp; till the end so more people can see it one of the&nbsp; best examples of this attention first strategy is&nbsp;&nbsp; the hustle hubspot's Business Media brand instead&nbsp; of just relying on blogs or newsletters the hustle&nbsp;&nbsp; launched a YouTube channel focused on long form&nbsp; storytelling and business deep Dives and the&nbsp;&nbsp; results 400,000 plus monthly views with higher&nbsp; engagement rates than traditional blog content&nbsp;&nbsp; what made it work well instead of quick tips they&nbsp; tell compelling business stories that keep viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; watching the videos feel conversational and&nbsp; engaging not like a corporate ad they also take&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube clips and remix them into shorts Instagram&nbsp; reals and blog posts extending their reach across&nbsp;&nbsp; platforms I'll link The Hustle YouTube channel&nbsp; in in the description so you can check it out for&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself but here's what you can do to stay ahead&nbsp; if you are not creating Tik toks reals or YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts yet start now track engagement not just&nbsp; clicks watch time comments and shares matter more&nbsp;&nbsp; than likes and Link clicks turn a single video&nbsp; or a blog post into multiple social media posts&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of creating from scratch every single time&nbsp; and here's a tip short form video hooks people in&nbsp;&nbsp; but long form builds deeper trust Brands using&nbsp; both formats see the highest conversion rates&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to see how top brands are shifting&nbsp; to an engagement first strategy check out page&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 of that state of marketing report now you can&nbsp; hold someone's attention for a minute but can you&nbsp;&nbsp; earn their trust that's the real Challenge and if&nbsp; you don't marketing just got a lot more expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; here's why consumers don't trust Brands as much&nbsp; as they used to and honestly it's not surprising&nbsp;&nbsp; third party cookies are disappearing&nbsp; and paid ads are getting more expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; because Brands can't track customers the way that&nbsp; they used to but Brands using first party data so&nbsp;&nbsp; email subscribers and loyalty programs are seeing&nbsp; higher engagement and lower ad costs what we can&nbsp;&nbsp; learn from this information is that brands that&nbsp; own their audience so email lists or Community&nbsp;&nbsp; platforms are outperforming those that rely&nbsp; only on paid ads here's what you can do to stay&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead collect emails and build your own audience&nbsp; offer a freebie discount or exclusive content in&nbsp;&nbsp; exchange for email signups be upfront about data&nbsp; collection if people know how their data is used&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll trust you more use that first party data&nbsp; for better personalization brands that customize&nbsp;&nbsp; emails and offers see higher conversions and&nbsp; repeat customers if you want to see how brands&nbsp;&nbsp; are shifting to first-party data strategies check&nbsp; out page 11 of the state of marketing report want&nbsp;&nbsp; to know the biggest challenge in marketing today&nbsp; people don't trust Brands but you know who they&nbsp;&nbsp; do trust creators that's why these smartest Brands&nbsp; aren't just running ads they're becoming content&nbsp;&nbsp; creators running ads alone isn't enough anymore&nbsp; the most successful Brands aren't just selling&nbsp;&nbsp; they're creating content that builds trust and&nbsp; keeps customers coming back 92% of marketers&nbsp;&nbsp; are shifting budgets from ads to Brand Le content&nbsp; because consumers trust creators over traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; ads brands that work with content creators like&nbsp; ugc creator ERS and micro influencers see three&nbsp;&nbsp; times better results than those that don't&nbsp; why does this matter well traditional paid&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising is losing Effectiveness people tune&nbsp; out ads but they trust real people social media&nbsp;&nbsp; platforms prioritize organic engaging content&nbsp; over traditional ads so if you're not creating&nbsp;&nbsp; valuable entertaining or educational content&nbsp; you're missing out consumers are buying from&nbsp;&nbsp; Brands they connect with if your content isn't&nbsp; engaging or relatable you're losing customers&nbsp;&nbsp; to competitors who act like creators not&nbsp; just companies here's what you can do to&nbsp;&nbsp; stay ahead instead of selling start educating&nbsp; entertaining and engaging your audience work&nbsp;&nbsp; with micro influencers Their audience already&nbsp; trusts them so this makes it easier to convert&nbsp;&nbsp; their followers into your customers build your&nbsp; Brand's personality people connect with real&nbsp;&nbsp; stories not just ads don't be afraid to show&nbsp; behind the scenes share personal insights or&nbsp;&nbsp; highlight customer stories even luxury car brands&nbsp; like jaguar are changing their marketing game&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of relying on traditional ads Jaguar has&nbsp; invested into social first storytelling using Tik&nbsp;&nbsp; Tok and Instagram reals they've partnered&nbsp; with younger influencers to appeal to gen&nbsp;&nbsp; Z and Millennials and created lifestyle content&nbsp; instead of product driven marketing the goal here&nbsp;&nbsp; make Jaguar feeli aspirational for younger&nbsp; buyers and so far engagement is Skyrocket&nbsp;&nbsp; so if a 100-year-old luxury brand is shifting&nbsp; from ads to content that tells you everything&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to know about where marketing is&nbsp; headed if you want to see more on brand Le&nbsp;&nbsp; content strategies head to page 24 of the state&nbsp; of marketing report now yes content is what builds&nbsp;&nbsp; trust but ads that's how you scale fast an AI is&nbsp; changing the ad game entirely let's talk about it what if your ads could optimize themselves&nbsp; AI is already doing it and marketers using&nbsp;&nbsp; AI powered ad targeting are seeing lower ad costs&nbsp; higher engagement and more conversions with less&nbsp;&nbsp; effort why does this matter well traditional&nbsp; manual ad testing is slow marketers spend weeks&nbsp;&nbsp; testing different ad variations while AI can&nbsp; optimize in real time that being said ad costs&nbsp;&nbsp; are also rising and AI helps spend your budget&nbsp; more eff efficiently plus AI learns from user&nbsp;&nbsp; Behavior meaning your ads will keep improving&nbsp; automatically without extra work here's what&nbsp;&nbsp; you can do to stay ahead use AI powered ad tools&nbsp; platforms like meta's Advantage Plus and Google's&nbsp;&nbsp; performance Max will automatically test different&nbsp; ad variations and optimize them for better results&nbsp;&nbsp; test AI driven audiences instead of guessing which&nbsp; audience to Target let AI create custom audiences&nbsp;&nbsp; based on real-time Behavior compare manual versus&nbsp; AI testing run two versions of your campaign one&nbsp;&nbsp; with manual testing and one using AI optimization&nbsp; see which performs better if you want to learn&nbsp;&nbsp; how to manually test your ad campaigns check out&nbsp; our Facebook ads testing strategy video which we&nbsp;&nbsp; recently released AI is optimizing ads but there's&nbsp; another huge shift in how people discover Brands&nbsp;&nbsp; online and if you're not adjusting for it you're&nbsp; missing out on millions of potential customers more people are searching on Tik Tok and Instagram&nbsp; than on Google Google actually reported a 40%&nbsp;&nbsp; decline in product searches by gen Z as younger&nbsp; users are now shifting their searches to social&nbsp;&nbsp; platforms if your content isn't optimized for&nbsp; social search you're invisible to a massive&nbsp;&nbsp; audience so here's what you can do to stay ahead&nbsp; use Tik tok's search bar to find trending keywords&nbsp;&nbsp; type in a keyword related to your business and see&nbsp; what autofills and then create content around it&nbsp;&nbsp; add searchable text to videos Tik Tok and&nbsp; Instagram both prioritize videos that have&nbsp;&nbsp; keywords in onscreen text and in captions&nbsp; optimize hashtags use platform specific&nbsp;&nbsp; search Trends instead of generic hashtags if you&nbsp; want more social SEO strategies watch my Tik Tok&nbsp;&nbsp; SEO video I'll link it at the end of this one&nbsp; so these are the shifts happening right now and&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're not evolving you're falling behind fast&nbsp; but here's the real question will you look back a&nbsp;&nbsp; year from now and wish you had started started&nbsp; adapting sooner that's exactly what kit Bodner&nbsp;&nbsp; CMO of HubSpot had to say about the future of&nbsp; marketing marketers need to think a year from&nbsp;&nbsp; now well I feel like I've learned enough tested&nbsp; enough and evolved our strategies enough to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; up with the shifting landscape the next decade&nbsp; will look a whole lot crazier than the past decade&nbsp;&nbsp; so if the answer is no get into the mindset of&nbsp; embracing new tech and don't be afraid to move&nbsp;&nbsp; fast or risk getting left behind we just covered&nbsp; these six biggest shifts happening in marketing&nbsp;&nbsp; right now but these are just the highlights the&nbsp; full HubSpot state of marketing report is packed&nbsp;&nbsp; with even more insights and case studies so grab&nbsp; your free copy linked below but don't stop there&nbsp;&nbsp; head to our Channel where we break down the&nbsp; most actionable marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week so hit subscribe if you haven't&nbsp; already and before you go let me know in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments which Trend are you the most excited&nbsp; or scared about I'd love to hear your thoughts&nbsp;&nbsp; now that you know what's changing in marketing&nbsp; let's make sure that your content actually gets&nbsp;&nbsp; found I'm linking a video just after this&nbsp; on how to rank higher on Tik tok's search&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm because social first SEO is the future&nbsp; and you don't want to miss it thanks so much for&nbsp;&nbsp; hanging out with me my name is Bridget oor&nbsp; and I will see you in the next video bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [18 likes]: Stay Ahead of Your Competition by Grabbing the State of Marketing Report Here: https://clickhubspot.com/igtw
  2. @faraway242: 0:48 -> state of mkt report 1:54
  3. @yaserdersfreddeys: Thank you for the great content!
  4. @unknownaccount2342: Jaguar is a disgrace now!
  5. @SiphoMazibuko40: Bridget's right about search shifting to social feeds. Since people want to find answers through real content rather than blue links you have to be active where those conversations are happening. Though, esepcially for growing brands managing that volume is a bit hard which is why some recruit 3rd party aencies like Red-Engage to help manage it, so you haave to keep an eye out on how much you can handle before needing help. Being a trusted name in the comments is what creates grounds for algorthim trust.
  6. @hosamshadad: This video absolutely blew my expectations away!
  7. @MelissaBarkerMeli: If all videos were like this, I’d be dangerous.
  8. @JessieSauvage: Great video, really enjoyed it.
  9. @973Ramesh: thank you for your great video
  10. @RayHuel: This deserves more recognition.
  11. @MariannaMarlin: Thanks for simplifying this topic.
  12. @ronniejlesh: This was excellent content.
  13. @TamaraSchmidt-z3b: I learned something new today.
  14. @MarinaMeri-u6i: The explanation was simple and effective.
  15. @максимкакашкин-ш1р: Love the humor in this.
  16. @RandyFaustino-g7t: This is high quality content.
  17. @CklmniAstvhg: Great explanation, very clear.
  18. @chrissullivan-i3p: You�re doing an amazing job.
  19. @angelapamela-l4s: You�ve explained it perfectly.
  20. @ABIRHASAN-e3n: Thanks for making this easy to follow.

- 6 Marketing Trends ACTUALLY Working Right Now (2026 State of Marketing Report): Kind: captions Language: en In 2025, the rule was simple.&nbsp; Adapt or fall behind. Learn AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; move faster, [music] experiment. But now we&nbsp; have a problem. Everyone caught up. In 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; using the tools isn't the edge anymore. [music]&nbsp; It is the baseline. Our feeds are oversaturated.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything sounds the same. And trust is&nbsp; getting harder to earn. The brands winning&nbsp;&nbsp; right now aren't just moving fast. They're&nbsp; moving differently. I spent the last week&nbsp;&nbsp; combing [music] through HubSpot's 2026 state&nbsp; of marketing report with real data from real&nbsp;&nbsp; marketers on what's actually working right now.&nbsp; If you were here for last year's breakdown,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might remember my final question. Will&nbsp; you look back a year from now and wish you&nbsp;&nbsp; had started adapting sooner? Well, it's been a&nbsp; year. We've learned the tools. We've seen what&nbsp;&nbsp; happens when everyone uses them. So, now it's&nbsp; time to optimize what [music] actually works.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, let's walk through the six major marketing&nbsp; trends for 2026. We'll look at what the data says,&nbsp;&nbsp; what actually changed, and how to adjust without&nbsp; burning out. The full report is linked below if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to follow along. But for now, let's&nbsp; start with the shift that surprised everyone. Be honest. When you're scrolling on LinkedIn,&nbsp; how long does it take you to spot an AI written&nbsp;&nbsp; post? The perfect grammar, the emoji lists, the&nbsp; here's what no one tells you hook. Found one.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can usually spot one in under&nbsp; 3 seconds. According to the report,&nbsp;&nbsp; 52% of [music] marketers say AI has made content&nbsp; easier to create but less effective overall. And&nbsp;&nbsp; 53% say that they're struggling to differentiate&nbsp; in oversaturated feeds. Last year, we were asking,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do we start using AI? This year, the question&nbsp; is, how do we stop sounding like it? Because now&nbsp;&nbsp; that everyone has access to the same tools, your&nbsp; judgment is the product. the tools just ship&nbsp;&nbsp; it faster. [music] So, here's how to stay ahead.&nbsp; First, prioritize infrastructure over inspiration.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't ask AI to be creative. Ask it to be&nbsp; organized. Input your specific brand point of&nbsp;&nbsp; view and tone guidelines before you ever ask for&nbsp; a single word of copy. Next, apply the human edit&nbsp;&nbsp; rule. If a sentence [music] sounds like something&nbsp; a generic LinkedIn influencer would say, delete&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Your audience [music] can smell a template&nbsp; from a mile away. Finally, build a prompt library.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you find a prompt that triggers [music]&nbsp; an output that actually sounds like you, save&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Stop reinventing the wheel every time you open&nbsp; your AI tools. Once AI is handling the execution,&nbsp;&nbsp; something becomes obvious pretty quickly. Without&nbsp; clarity, you sound like every other brand. Let's play a game. I'm going to&nbsp; show you a website homepage. You&nbsp;&nbsp; have 5 seconds. Tell me what they sell. Time's up. Do you know? Neither do I. That is&nbsp; costing them money. According to the report,&nbsp;&nbsp; over half of marketers agree that expressing&nbsp; brand taste and point of view is essential&nbsp;&nbsp; for AI to actually work. But, and this is [music]&nbsp; wild, 40% of teams still haven't clearly defined&nbsp;&nbsp; their brand's unique value proposition. [music]&nbsp; The brands winning right now have this locked in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Think of a brand that you would recognize&nbsp; from a screenshot [music] alone. No logo,&nbsp;&nbsp; no name. Got one? The one that I think of is&nbsp; Dolingo. [music] They have documented their brand&nbsp;&nbsp; point of view so tightly that every touch point&nbsp; reinforces the [music] same personality. website,&nbsp;&nbsp; socials, inapp moments, even push notifications.&nbsp; [music] If it doesn't sound like the owl, they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't hit publish. Last year, the question was, do&nbsp; people recognize us? This year, the question is,&nbsp;&nbsp; do they understand us instantly? [music] Buyers&nbsp; are deciding faster than ever. If your messaging&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't clear in the first 5 seconds, they're&nbsp; gone. So, here is how to stay ahead. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; pass the 5-second test. Show your homepage to&nbsp; a stranger and if they can't tell you exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; what you do and who it's for in 5 seconds,&nbsp; [music] your copy isn't clear enough. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; anchor every channel. Your Instagram bio,&nbsp; email footer, and ad headlines should all&nbsp;&nbsp; answer the same core question in the same way.&nbsp; Repetition creates [music] recognition. Finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; measure conversions, not vibes. Stop asking if the&nbsp; brand feels right and ask which specific headline&nbsp;&nbsp; is driving signups and then double down on that.&nbsp; When you get clear on your positioning, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; something else that you're going to notice. Not&nbsp; everything that you publish deserves to exist. Try this. Open your content calendar and scan&nbsp; the last month of posts. Now ask yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; how many of these could be deleted without anyone&nbsp; noticing? If the honest answer is most of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the problem. 83% of marketers say&nbsp; that AI has increased the expectation to&nbsp;&nbsp; publish more content than ever before. But at&nbsp; the same time, creating content that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; drives engagement is still the number one&nbsp; challenge across teams. So output is going up,&nbsp;&nbsp; impact [music] isn't. AI removed friction from&nbsp; creation and with it the filter that used to stop&nbsp;&nbsp; weak ideas from going live. Last year the question&nbsp; was how do we publish more? This year the question&nbsp;&nbsp; is how can we publish with intent. More content&nbsp; without a purpose doesn't just underperform. It&nbsp;&nbsp; actively trains your audience to ignore you.&nbsp; So here's how to stay ahead. First replace&nbsp;&nbsp; what should we post with why are we posting? If&nbsp; the only answer is because [music] it's Tuesday,&nbsp;&nbsp; delete the draft. Next, set a quality&nbsp; standard. [music] Does this post teach,&nbsp;&nbsp; entertain, or challenge a belief? If it's&nbsp; just noise, you're actively training your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience to scroll right past you. Finally,&nbsp; track resonance over reach. One reply from a&nbsp;&nbsp; qualified lead is worth more than a,000&nbsp; views from bots. Optimize for the DM,&nbsp;&nbsp; not the impression. So, if more content isn't&nbsp; the answer, what actually cuts through the noise? Think about the last brand or creator you&nbsp; actually trusted. You probably didn't decide&nbsp;&nbsp; that from one 15-second [music] clip.&nbsp; Trust comes from repetition, depth,&nbsp;&nbsp; proof over time. The data shows that short&nbsp; form video continues to drive the strongest&nbsp;&nbsp; returns. At the same time, long- form video&nbsp; saw one of the biggest yearover-year lifts in&nbsp;&nbsp; performance. [music] So discovery still matters,&nbsp; but depth compounds. This is exactly how Morning&nbsp;&nbsp; Brew built a multi-million dollar audience. Short&nbsp; form wasn't the strategy, it was the on-ramp.&nbsp;&nbsp; Short form content is for discovery. [music]&nbsp; Longer form video is for credibility and trust.&nbsp;&nbsp; and owned channels like email and blogs are for&nbsp; consistency. [music] They turn attention into a&nbsp;&nbsp; habit and that habit is what actually compounds&nbsp; into [music] loyalty. Last year the question was&nbsp;&nbsp; how do we get discovered? This year the question&nbsp; is [music] what actually makes people trust us&nbsp;&nbsp; because short form video might get you seen&nbsp; [music] but loyalty is built over time. So&nbsp;&nbsp; here's how to stay ahead. First, [music] own&nbsp; a depth channel. Whether it is a podcast or&nbsp;&nbsp; a YouTube channel, you need one place where you&nbsp; can actually provide value. Next, use short form&nbsp;&nbsp; for reach, [music] not explanation. Use Tik Tok&nbsp; or reels to grab attention and then immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; point that traffic toward your depth channel and&nbsp; close the loop with a simple email roundup. This&nbsp;&nbsp; moves you from their feed to their inbox and turns&nbsp; [music] a casual viewer into a weekly habit. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is the only asset that no algorithm can take away&nbsp; from you. Now, this is where a lot of teams panic&nbsp;&nbsp; because once discovery [music] and trust move&nbsp; upstream, website traffic starts to go down. When was the last time you Googled something,&nbsp; got the answer instantly, and never clicked a&nbsp;&nbsp; single [music] link? You didn't scroll. You&nbsp; didn't go to different sites. You just had&nbsp;&nbsp; the answer. Nearly half of marketers say that&nbsp; traditional search traffic is declining due to&nbsp;&nbsp; AI powered answers. At the same [music] time,&nbsp; marketers report that traffic coming from AI&nbsp;&nbsp; tools carries much higher intent than traditional&nbsp; search. This isn't traffic [music] disappearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's traffic getting filtered. Views are the&nbsp; new vanity metric. Decisionready visitors are&nbsp;&nbsp; the real flex. Last year, the question was,&nbsp; how do we rank higher? [music] This year,&nbsp;&nbsp; the question is, how do we show up where people&nbsp; make decisions? Because more and more of that&nbsp;&nbsp; research is happening before someone ever visits&nbsp; your website. And by the time they do get there,&nbsp;&nbsp; they've compared options, they've formed an&nbsp; opinion, and they're not browsing, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; deciding. So, here's how to stay ahead. First,&nbsp; optimize for where research actually happens.&nbsp;&nbsp; People are forming opinions inside AI&nbsp; summaries and chats, social platforms,&nbsp;&nbsp; communities, and creator content long before they&nbsp; ever Google your brand. And if you aren't there,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're invisible. Next, lead with the answer.&nbsp; A rewards clarity. So do humans. Skip the&nbsp;&nbsp; long preamble and give the most useful response&nbsp; immediately. This is how your content gets cited,&nbsp;&nbsp; trusted, and acted [music] on. Finally,&nbsp; design for the decision phase. Assume&nbsp;&nbsp; that your website visitor has already done&nbsp; their homework. Don't make them hunt for the&nbsp;&nbsp; pricing [music] or the demo button. Put it front&nbsp; and center. Now, if you want help doing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Fieldnotee series on our channel released&nbsp; a video that breaks down how modern discovery&nbsp;&nbsp; works with [music] a ton of AEO tips that you&nbsp; can steal. I'll link it in the description for&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Okay, we have covered a lot so far. And as&nbsp; fascinating as all of this is, it can feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot to keep up with. So, here is how the brands&nbsp; actually evolving are pulling it all together. We've all been in this meeting. The campaign&nbsp; launched 3 weeks ago. It's tanking, but you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to wait for the monthly report to officially say&nbsp; that it's tanking. And by the time that you get&nbsp;&nbsp; approval to change it, the market has moved on.&nbsp; That delay costs more than the course correction&nbsp;&nbsp; ever would have. Top performing teams aren't&nbsp; [music] smarter, they're just faster. What the&nbsp;&nbsp; report found is that the teams winning right now&nbsp; analyze performance weekly, sometimes daily, and&nbsp;&nbsp; update live campaigns within hours. Last year, the&nbsp; question was, how do we plan the perfect strategy?&nbsp;&nbsp; This year, the question is, how fast can we learn&nbsp; and adapt once something is [music] live? This is&nbsp;&nbsp; the core of HubSpot's loop marketing playbook.&nbsp; To keep up with a market that moves this fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; the goal isn't [music] perfect planning. it&nbsp; is to launch, learn, fix, and repeat. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's how to stay ahead. First, stop chasing&nbsp; data across 10 different [music] tabs. You need&nbsp;&nbsp; a centralized hub. When your email, social,&nbsp; and website data all live in one place,&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have to spend hours connecting the dots.&nbsp; [music] And when that system has AI built into it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to get way deeper insights in way&nbsp; less time. Next, shorten your feedback cycles. If&nbsp;&nbsp; a specific subject line works on Tuesday, [music]&nbsp; use that insight for your ad copy on Wednesday.&nbsp;&nbsp; Review weekly, not monthly. And finally,&nbsp; optimize for what's already running before&nbsp;&nbsp; launching something [music] new. Small changes to&nbsp; live campaigns compound faster than starting from&nbsp;&nbsp; scratch. The teams winning in 2026 [music] are&nbsp; the ones who can learn, adjust, and move while&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone else is still waiting for approval.&nbsp; The shifts this year aren't about adapting&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore. They're about evolving. If you are still&nbsp; marketing the same way that you were in 2025,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not just falling behind, you're working&nbsp; harder for worse [music] results. So, let me leave&nbsp;&nbsp; you with this. A year from now, when I inevitably&nbsp; drag this clip back onto your screen again, will&nbsp;&nbsp; you look back and see [music] more posts, more&nbsp; tools, and more effort? Or will you see systems,&nbsp;&nbsp; clarity, [music] and momentum that kept working&nbsp; even when you weren't pushing every day? That is&nbsp;&nbsp; the difference between keeping up and actually&nbsp; evolving. [music] And that's what this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; is for. Turning overwhelming marketing into calm,&nbsp; repeatable systems that work. So to stay ahead,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe for weekly videos on real marketing&nbsp; strategies that are working right now, not just&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones that everybody's talking about. And there&nbsp; you have it. Six of the biggest [music] shifts&nbsp;&nbsp; that you need to know. But the full 2026&nbsp; state of marketing report goes much deeper.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's [music] packed with data breakdowns, plus&nbsp; a ton of other content to help you stay ahead.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've linked it for free for you [music] in&nbsp; the description. And just clear, you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; need to do all of this at once. You just need a&nbsp; place to start. I've linked a playlist of social&nbsp;&nbsp; media business strategies at the end of this&nbsp; video so that we can help you turn these trends&nbsp;&nbsp; into something practical, one [music] system at&nbsp; a time. Thanks so much for hanging out with me.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you liked this breakdown, make sure to let me&nbsp; know by giving it a like. My name is Bridget Oor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Feel free to connect with me online and I will&nbsp; see you in the next one. [music] Bye. [snorts]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [7 likes]: Download HubSpot's complete 2026 State of Marketing Report (free) to see the full data and insights. 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/5b3db2
  2. @draadhaartje [2 likes]: okay ChatGPT script intro lol
  3. @mohamedthameemsha [2 likes]: This video promised to convey the trends and but I guess there is more fundamentals than evaolving trends. I am eager how future marketing just evolves more than this. Would love to see the series like this even next year.
  4. @jootzman: 🔥🔥🔥💯
  5. @Auteur_Vision: her entire dialogue sounds like AI
  6. @seal3501: the irony of this video is that it doesn't stand out of the sea of sameness, it feels like just another ai video. I think humans in todays age value authenticity and simplicity, not what AI brings
  7. @RiYa____AnKiT: i really liked the part about ai and content
  8. @DineshKumar-l9g4n: wait how did i not know this before
  9. @bhaktibhajan01-l5n: question: if users are skipping google and asking chatgpt, are you treating “rankings” as a lagging metric now? i’m trying to recalibrate. myGEOscore seems built for that shift.
  10. @spandanausurupati5195: these trends seem way more practical than last year
  11. @ggyfhffjgf: i thought i was doing it right smh
  12. @mrmalm94: this actually makes a lot of sense
  13. @bhanupratapnaik1219: bruh this is super helpful, thanks
  14. @mdsalmanAli-z9b: the “ai content is easy now so it’s worse” point hit. i’ve been seeing the same bland paragraphs everywhere. even SeoLab Agency can’t fix lazy positioning.
  15. @xx__rox__rewa__554: wow did not expect that from ai
  16. @ShannyMacCreates: What would you say the best way to track is? For example link clicks on stories, replies to stories from warm audiences, etc?
  17. @ashtonmurray-m5d: This video was amazing, learned a lot.
  18. @Marketsparkstudio: The way she explain is direct  to the point no sugar coating..I like the way she explain and deliver ideas I’m hooked..
  19. @erickabae: LOve how this page is precise and no sugar coating. I can clearly understand and this helped me a lot as a Marketing Admin.
  20. @aakashchudasma6060: repetition creates recognition 👍

- I Analyzed 1,000 Viral TikTok Shop Affiliate Videos, Here's What Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en I've analyzed thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos and what I discovered completely changed the way I approach affiliate marketing in 2025. You see, most people think they understand what converts a Tik Tok shop video to sales. But after studying countless successful campaigns, I can tell you that 90% of what you think is true is completely wrong. And I know this because I tracked literally everything. View count, engagement rate, conversions, how long is a video, when did they post the video, what product type is it, you name it. The data does not lie. For example, some of the highest converting videos that I studied had less than 50,000 views, while some of the super viral videos that I studied converted at less than.1%. Which means that viral doesn't always mean it's converting. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the patterns, the formulas, and the strategies that separate the videos that are making serious money and actually converting from the videos that are just racking up views and not converting. So, grab a pen and a piece of paper because this is going to be one of the straight value videos where I just share insights that could save you months of trial and error. Let's jump straight in. Here's the first major discovery that kind of caught me off guard. The most viral videos are not necessarily the most profitable. I've seen videos with 5 million views that don't really convert that well. And then I've seen videos with 200,000 views, for example, that are converting machines. And the difference isn't luck, it's strategy. You see, videos that are made purely to go viral often sacrifice conversion elements. They focus on things like entertainment value, shock factor, trending audios rather than actually just selling the product. Meanwhile, the videos that balance the entertainment along with clear product benefits consistently outperform the pure viral content when it comes to sales. But here's the most important thing to actually remember. The sweet spot that I've discovered is videos that hit anywhere between 100,000 views and 800,000 views with high engagement rates. These videos have enough reach to generate significant sale volume, but they also maintain focus messaging that is needed to drive conversions. The message here is crucial. Don't chase millions of views if it means you're sacrificing the conversion element. A targeted 500,000 views will make you way more money than an unargeted 5 million view video every single time. But views are just the beginning. What I discovered about how top creators actually showcase their product will completely change how you film in the next video. They use something called contract principle. And this completely changed the way I think about product demonstration. Here's the thing. The highest converting videos don't just show the product working. They show the product working compared to the problem that it solves. This before and after approach creates an immediate visual impact which drives conversions through the roof. So for example, opposed to showing a phone case and how it, you know, protects the phone. A great example of this would be showing a phone case breaking and then showing the same scenario where the phone case would solve the problem and save the phone from breaking. This contrast creates an emotional response that regular product demos simply just can't match. And here's why it works so well. It mirrors why people actually make purchasing decisions. They're not just buying your product. They're buying the transformation from their current problem state to their desired solution state. And here's where it gets really interesting. This approach works across every product category. Skincare, show skin issues and then show the improvement. Fitness products, show the struggle and then show the ease. For homegoods, show the mess and inefficiency and then show the solution and how organized it is. For tech products, show the frustration with current options and then show your product solving it. The possibilities here are endless. But here are the key insights to make it actually work. The contrast has to be dramatic and immediate. The bigger the visual difference between the problem and the solution, the higher your conversion rates will be. Now, creating a perfect contrast video is great, but what happens after you go viral? This is where most creators completely drop the ball, costing them thousands of dollars of potential profit. You see, the money isn't in just one viral video. It's in what you do immediately after going viral. I've noticed creators who go viral but don't make significant sales are missing a crucial element, and it's follow-ups. The most successful Tik Tok shop creators use what I call the follow-up formula. And here's what it looks like. Day one, your video goes viral. Day two and three, you can answer the most common questions in the comments. Day four and five, you can create video responses that are addressing purchase objections. And then day six and seven, you can share social proof or testimonial content. And here's why it works so well. When your video goes viral, the Tik Tok algorithm keeps pushing your videos to people who viewed your content previously. This is pretty much just creating a retargeting effect without spending money on ads. The key insight here is this. The viral video attracts attention and hopefully sales, but your follow-up videos convert that attention into a lot of sales. Most creators will make the mistake of trying to go viral again opposed to capitalizing on the existing attention. I've studied creators who consistently convert viral moments into a lot of sales, and they all follow this pattern. They become way more salesy in their follow-up content, directly addressing purchase intent with clear call to actions. Here's the cool thing about it. Your follow-up videos don't need to go crazy viral. They just need to convert the warm audience that already exists created by the viral video. For example, you can do common replies with questions like, "Where can I buy this? What size is it? Is it worth the price? Do they have different colors? But here's where it gets even more interesting. Not all viral content is actually good for your business. In fact, some videos can completely destroy your long-term earning potential. I call this good viral versus bad viral, and the difference determines whether you make money or just waste time. Good viral videos actually work because people genuinely want the product. The engagement is purchase intent focused. Comments asking, "Where can I buy this? Let me know when they restock." Bad viral videos don't work due to controversy, shock factor, or entertainment that's way far away from the product. that has nothing to do with the product. These videos can get millions of views, but they attract the wrong audience and can end up getting literally zero sales. The lesson, don't chase viral moments that aren't aligned with your sales goals. A video with a 100,000 views from people who actually want to buy will always outperform a video with a million views from people who are just entertained. And here's how to make sure you never make that mistake. When creating content, ask yourself, would someone who loves this video also want to buy the product? If the answer is no, don't post it, no matter how viral it might go. Understanding this principle is crucial, but there's something even more important happening behind the scenes that most creators don't even know about. And it explains why some terrible videos consistently outperform professional content. You see, Tik Tok makes money when people buy through the shop feature. It's around 6% on every single sale. This means that they're financially incentivized to push videos that drive purchases, not just views. I've studied hundreds of simple videos, seemingly bad videos that were pushed consistently. They were getting a massive reach and a lot of sales. The common thread wasn't really production quality of the video. It was conversions. Tik Tok's algorithm has learned to find videos that are leading to purchases and they reward those videos with increased distribution regardless of traditional engagement metrics. This creates such a unique opportunity. You can succeed with simple phone videos if you focus on salriving content over entertainment value and the algorithm will amplify your content because guess what? It's profitable for Tik Tok. And here's what this means for you. Focus on clear product benefits over viral trends. Prioritize purchase intent over entertainment value. Use very direct CTAs or call to actions opposed to just like subtly suggesting they buy it. And last, show the products solving a real problem immediately. The most successful videos that I found that converted the best weren't really the most creative or entertaining. They were just the most effective at driving immediate purchase decision. Tik Tok rewards effectiveness over creativity in the shop feature every single day of the week. And now let me share some more actionable insights of videos that I found work best for each niche. For beauty products, it seems like transformation focused videos like before and after elements perform the best. The key in my opinion is showing real immediate results opposed to long-term benefits people want things. Now for fashion items, I've seen a lot of stuff of people wearing multiple outfits with one item. So wearing shorts and then showing a bunch of different outfits you can wear with it. Versatility is the biggest selling point for homegoods. problem-solving demonstrations of the product in real homes, like in real environments, crushes just, you know, showing the product on camera. People need to see a problem and solution, and they need to see the product fit in their actual life. For electronics, comparison content that positions the product against a more expensive alternative, value proposition here is everything. For health and wellness, it seems that personal story content with like a genuine story, it just feels super relatable and it converts best. People need to trust the creator before trusting the product. Now, if you make sure to take all these key insights into account when making your next video, I promise you're going to see your conversion rates spike up. And to finish off, I'll share the three core algorithm principles that make your videos seem highquality versus lowquality in the eyes of Tik Tok. First, the algorithm definitely seems to prioritize authentic engagement over artificial metrics. Videos with genuine comments and meaningful interactions get boosted, while content with hollow engagement gets suppressed. Second, Tik Tok definitely seems to reward educational videos. Videos that can teach, inform, and solve problems consistently outperform videos that just entertain when it comes to conversions. And then third, the algorithm favors creators who consistently drive sales. When your videos regularly result in sales, Tik Tok, I think, sees you as valuable in the shop ecosystem, and they're going to keep pushing your videos. Understanding these algorithm preferences allows you to work with the algorithm opposed to against it. Now, after studying thousands of viral Tik Tok shop videos throughout my career, the pattern tells a clear story. Success isn't always about following trends and copying what other people are doing. It's about understanding the psychology of your audience as well as the mechanics of the platform that you're posting on. The creators that are consistently making a lot of money with Tik Tok shop aren't just getting lucky with viral content. They follow specific datadriven strategies that maximize not just reach, but also conversions. The patterns I've shared today represent years of studying successful campaigns and could literally save you months of trial and error. But here's the biggest thing. Knowing the information is only valuable if you implement it. So my challenge to you is very simple. Take one insight, only one insight from what I talked about today, and apply it in your next 10 videos. Track your results and see how it's impacted your performance. And then come back to this video and choose another key element and keep doing that until you nail all of them. Now, if you want access to even deeper insights, specific product recommendations, and my complete Tik Tok shop system that I've used to generate over a million dollars in the past 8 months, click the link in the description to see if you're a good fit for my community. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @naturecaught-1 [2 likes]: people give this content in paid courses and you have provided everything on youtube salute you man
  2. @bigppwillywonka3 [1 likes]: BUY MY COURSE PLEASE 😂🤡🤡🤡
  3. @ShadowManStudios-g6q [1 likes]: The biggest hurdle for most getting 5,000 followers in order to join Tik Tok shop affiliate.
  4. @oswaldoguilarte165: La creatividad digital  debe ser aprovecha por el sistema de pagos de IPweb como una opción de integración  en la nueva tecnología
  5. @Vnx_cr77: Do you have any suggestions, recommendations or tips for book promotion? I promote self help books
  6. @ArtsyLifeStudio: I have a mail club called letters from the garden and how could i create shock factor through art? Ive been trying for years and i had one video go viral from animating my character but i did follow up but im not sure how to balance the viral and audience who want to buy my art that show the difference between the busy digital world versus my slow simple life art
  7. @pepeltr91: Do you have any advice for a leather jacket brand?
  8. @monicapainter11: Thanks for this. Amazing valuable info
  9. @thekeychange: This was fantastic thank you
  10. @absolutelyaryana: You’re so right. I just got active with tts three and a half weeks ago. I have four out of 25 videos with sales and only one product is actually selling on two videos but they were the ONLY videos where I was legit showing a tech product comparing it to other options and showed it solving an in the moment problem immediately.
  11. @strangefruitugc: I saw a 10 pack is men’s shorts in the Product Marketplace and thought about you 😅
  12. @Multi-AccountMastery: C.J., solid data-driven breakdown and the contrast principle is proven. But most creators commit to ONE product angle (like skincare vs fitness vs tech) and burn 2-3 months before realizing the conversion rate is dead. Smart move: test 3-4 product angles in parallel for 7 days—use aged accounts from accsmarket to skip TikTok Shop's 14-day trust-score grind, post identical value but frame it for different avatars, measure which gets best CTR and actual sales, THEN commit your main account to the winner. You compress validation from months to one week and don't waste 80% of your content budget on a dead-end product.
  13. @hadihasanxhartanah: need to post 3 videos per day is a myth?
  14. @MikeandMichelleMeskel: I’ve got some of these pieces in place.. but need to fine tune some things. Thanks for this video.
  15. @naturecaught-1: amazing bro
  16. @DarleneVibes: 💯 🔥🔥🔥 No bs, straight to point, the whole video is MEAT!  Thank-you so much for being real and give us the meat!
  17. @buhaykalsada1992: thank you!!!
  18. @TogoatshiOP: Good video ngl
  19. @alex.cochrane: Fire
  20. @texanscheer09: Thank you SM🖤🖤🖤

- How I Make Animated Cartoon videos that actually go Viral on instagram using AI: Kind: captions Language: en Animated videos like these [music] have been going viral on social media for years, but they were always so hard and expensive to make. But today, everything just changed [music] because now you can create content at this level in a matter of minutes using AI. And I've even used this method to get millions of views and hundreds of thousands of followers for one of my own clients. So today, I'm going to show you how to replicate three styles of viral animated videos so you can start today. Plus, and this might be the biggest part, we're going to be doing a $10,000 giveaway to whoever can blow up the biggest [music] account the fastest using the workflow I show you today. So make sure you stick around [music] to find out how that works, and with that, let's dive in. Before I show you how to make these, I want to show you why this style of content is absolutely crushing it on social media. Because once you understand how the game works, it's much easier [music] to win. This is an account called Clarified, and they've used this claymation style to grow their account from zero to over 20,000 [music] followers in just one month. And this is Far From On Films. He's been using the collage style to tell stories, and look, almost every video of his gets millions of views. And then finally, you have 2D animation accounts like these. Lean lines, character-driven, they work for almost any niche, and Instagram Reels like these have gotten over 10 million views using this style. In fact, for one of my clients, we got 13 million views using this style, and it drove in over 46,000 followers from one Reel alone. Now, here's why these styles are working so well on social media right now. Three reasons. First is novelty. Your brain has literally never seen a claymation avocado giving you health advice before. The second it appears on your feed, you're going to stop scrolling because your [music] monkey brain simply has no choice. Second is watch time. Animated storytelling has a beginning, a middle, and an end. Once you hook a viewer, they usually stay all the way through because they need to see how the story resolves. And right now, watch time is the number one metric on Instagram. Third and finally is shareability. People send these reels to their friends constantly, and shares don't only help you because more people are watching it, but also every share tells Instagram's algorithm to push this to more people. Like this animated account on TikTok just blew up to over 2 million followers in 9 days. But the best part is, these animated reels used to take days and cost thousands of dollars with an animator. Except now, you can take advantage of this in less than 5 minutes using AI. Okay, so the brand new tool that I'm going to be showing you how to do this with today is called Agent Opus. You've probably already heard of Opus Clip, the number one AI video clipping tool in the world, because over 10 million creators use it and they've generated over 170 million clips. Agent Opus is their brand new AI animated video product, and it takes things to a completely new level. Once you get inside of Agent Opus, you're going to see a prompting dashboard like this, and the first thing that we want [music] to focus on is the style. You're just going to click on this box, and then you can choose from any of the following styles. There's 2D lines, there's collage, there's claymation. There are tons of different styles that you can choose from, and you've probably seen a lot of these going viral on your feed over the last few weeks. But the thing you want to think about when you're building one of these accounts from scratch is that you want to have consistency across your posts. And this is going to be important for the $10,000 contest. If you go and try to build an account using all different styles, it's probably not going to work out too well. So my best advice would be to pick one and master it. The first style that we're going to go with today is going to be using claymation, the same vibe as the account called Clarify. I'm going to show you how to upload your own character in the assets box in a sec. But one of the things that makes this tool different from every other tool I've tried is that you don't need a script, and you don't need a voiceover. You can literally just describe what you want, and Agent Opus will handle everything. The script, the voiceover, the animation, the music, all of it. So, for the sake of this example, I'm just going to type in my prompt here. [music] Create a 30-second Instagram reel in claymation style telling the story of D.B. Cooper. And in case you don't know who D.B. Cooper is, he basically hijacked a plane, and it's a crazy story. So, let's see what Agent Opus can come up with. The last thing you want to do is just make sure that you have 9 by 16 if you're running this for Instagram, and 16 by 9 if you're doing it for YouTube. Then, just click this button, and it's going to auto-generate a script for you in seconds. And this is one of my favorite parts. You can actually go in and adjust this script based on what you want it to sound like. So, for me, I'm just going to adjust this script a little bit to make it more punchy and social media-friendly. And then once you're happy with the script, you're just going to [music] come down here and select the voice of the character that you want reading the script. So, for me, I want this to be a male voice, and I'm just going to play a few of these right now. [music] >> Hi, Ethan here. I'm an expressive voice for educational explainers. I like this one because it's British, and it kind of goes with the vibe of the storytelling. So, I'm just going to apply it, and then we're going to click confirm. Now, Agent Opus is going to be generating the voiceover and all the key frames for our scenes. 3:28 a.m. >> Okay, so we got our first generation back, and I'm genuinely excited to see this because it's my first time ever using the claymation style. So, let's see how it did. It's November 24th, 1971. A seemingly ordinary flight from Portland to Seattle. But on board Northwest Orient Flight 305, a mysterious man known as Dan Cooper was about to make history. Calmly, he handed a flight attendant a note. Inside, a chilling message. He had a bomb. His demands were precise: $200,000 in cash and four parachutes. The plane landed in Seattle. Passengers were released, and Cooper received his ransom, but his journey wasn't over. He ordered the crew to take off again, towards Mexico City. Somewhere over the dark, stormy skies of the Pacific Northwest, Cooper did the unthinkable. He opened the plane's aft door, deployed the airstair, and vanished into the night with his fortune. He he never seen again. The FBI launched one of the most extensive manhunts in history, but D.B. Cooper, as he became known, simply disappeared. Was he a master criminal who pulled off the perfect escape, or did he perish in the wilderness? Oh my goodness, that was freaking insane. I'm like shocked right now. That was so good. Usually I wouldn't play a full minute and a half long clip like that, but that was so engaging and I genuinely wanted to see what was going to happen with the video. You guys are going to get so many views using this tool. Maybe I should enter this $10,000 contest, too. But in case you do get something back in your video that you don't like, it's also super easy to change. Like for example, this scene where the plane kind of dives into the cabin of the plane, I'm just going to ask it to change the transition and it does it super easily. But on board Northwest Orient [music] flight 305 Yeah, you can see that this is way better now and it only took me like 2 minutes to fix that. So again guys, this is the claymation style from prompt [music] to finished video in less than 7 minutes. Agent Opus wrote the entire script, they made the entire voiceover, then they animated it and you can even add music. All I did was tell it what I wanted the video to be about and then change that one keyframe transition. Okay, so now you're starting to see how we're going to use this tool to make viral content, but now let me tell you about the $10,000 giveaway because I know that's why a lot of you are here. Agent Opus and I are running a contest to give $10,000 away to the people who grow the biggest Instagram accounts using this tool by June 30th. First place wins $5,000, second place wins $3,000, and third place wins $2,000. The rules are simple. Your account needs to be brand new when you start, created after today. You need to be using Agent Opus to create all of your content and the growth has to be organic. You're not allowed to buy followers and trust me, I will be able to tell if you bought followers on your account. To enter, you need to do four things. You need to like this video, subscribe to my channel, comment the account handle that you're starting below this video, then fill out the Google form link in the description so we can verify and track all the accounts from day one. We're going to be checking creation dates, engagement rates, and the follower quality to make sure that it's all legit. The winners will be announced on July 15th, so you have time to make this happen. But if you want to have a good chance at actually winning this contest, you probably need to learn all the features and capabilities of this tool, so make sure you keep watching this tutorial. The second style that I'm going to show you how to create is the collage style. And these things are going so viral on social media, you guys are going to have a field day with this. This is an account called Farzon Films, and he basically uses this collage animated style to get millions of views on almost every video. Now, you just saw how good Agent Opus was at writing the script themselves, but for this one, I'm just going to show you by using Claude as well. And before you ask why I'm not using ChatGPT for this, I'm not trying to get a C+. I'm trying to get an A. So, I'm just going to come over to Claude and prompt it to write me a script about this. Perfect. So, that's going to be our script. Now, I'm just going to copy that and then drag it over to Agent Opus. Again, make sure that you selected the collage style, that's really important here. And now, Agent Opus is going to build the entire visual treatment around our script. Okay, so we got it back, and let's just click play for a few seconds. You're broke because you spend to impress [music] people you don't even like. New phone every year, subscriptions you forgot exist. >> Yeah, so this is looking really good. The aesthetic is coming through nicely, and the textures feel right. Great. So, once you have this, you're able to go and start posting on Instagram. And you might be able to start pulling of views like this guy is here. But for any of you that are beginners to posting on Instagram, I did go ahead and make a viral checklist, so you have the best opportunity of actually triggering the Instagram algorithm. Just ask yourself these five questions. Does this video make me want to send it to a friend to share? Does this video make me want to save it to watch again later? Does the video hook me enough that I want to watch it all the way through? Would I want to share this video to my story to show other people the information inside the video? And lastly, and maybe the most important one, is is the viewer satisfied at the end of the video? Are they glad that they just spent the last minute of their life watching [music] it? If you can answer yes to all five of these questions, then you have a viral video on your hands. Okay, so let me show you one more style using this tool, and this is the style that I actually used for one of my own clients to get over 13 million views on one video that drove in over 46,000 [music] followers. And really quick, I'm just going to show you some examples of this style that are going mega viral on social media right now. This 2D character grew to millions of followers in a super short period of time. These animated Instagram accounts pulled millions of views, and even personal brands have started [music] using this style because they realize how effective it is. Like this dude who barely cracks 100 views on any of his videos, he got 168,000 likes and 83,000 reshares from one video using this 2D style. So, to do this, come back over to style and select the style that you want. Next, you're probably going to want to have a character or a mascot that you use in all your reels. And if you haven't already drawn one out, you can easily come over to Gemini, and you can describe your 2D character. You can also upload a photo of yourself. So, for the sake of this example, I'm just going to show you guys how to make one of yourself. So, I'm just going to upload an image of myself into Gemini and ask it to create a 2D animated character like this. Once you're happy with it, you're going to come back over to Agent Opus and open up the asset section here. In this, you can add your character, you can even add a logo or an object if you wanted to. But, I'm just going to add my character here. Then, and this is where it gets really fun for everyone, instead of using one of Agent Opus's voices, you can upload your own audio. So, I'm going to go ahead and record an audio that I want to get animated. Yo. Yo. Did you ever wonder why billionaires don't pay taxes? In 2018, Elon Musk paid $0 in federal income tax because of one loophole. Billionaires don't take a salary. They hold stock. Then they borrow cash against that stock. And because loans aren't income, [music] they technically owe nothing. Billionaires buy, borrow, and die. That is the game they play. That was fun. So, now you're just going to come to audio and upload the audio that you created. Once you upload it, make sure again that you're 9 by 16, and then just go ahead and click generate. Did you ever wonder why billionaires don't pay taxes? In 2018, Elon Musk paid $0 in federal income tax because of one loophole. Billionaires don't take a salary. They hold stock. Then they borrow cash against that stock. And because loans aren't income, they technically owe nothing. Billionaires buy, borrow, and die. That is the game they play. Bang. That is actually really good, and I'm already envisioning how people who are on podcasts can make their videos more intriguing just by adding these animated visuals along with whatever they're talking about. Now again, if these are long, sometimes these keyframes get a little messed up, but you can easily reprompt the keyframes by going to this edit section below. And honestly, because it's only 1:17 a.m., I'm just going to show you guys a bonus one real quick. This is one of my client's account who uses these heart characters to get millions of views. I'm just going to go ahead and take a screenshot of their mascot and use it for this style. Their niche is all about toxic abuse relationships, and I'm actually going to be dropping a video very soon about the journey of growing their account from zero to over 250,000 followers. Like literally last month, we grew that account by 70,000 followers completely organically. But let's just see what Agent Opus can do for this account. For the next 37 minutes, I sat down and prompted [music] Agent Opus to make this video exactly how I wanted it. And honestly, that's the reality of social media. You don't always get a perfect result on the first try. After all, prompting with AI is literally becoming an art form. I knew that if I was going to post this [music] live on social media, But, needed it to perform well. Since I've been using AI content and AI influencers to grow massive followings all over the internet, I was pulling from everything I knew. And I definitely didn't want to let my client down. Once the video was locked in, I made sure that the audio matched, and then it was time. Okay, so I uploaded that reel that we made with Agent Opus, and so far it has over 700 likes and 25,000 plays. It got an average watch time of 14 seconds. Overall, I'm really happy with this for the first try. But, like any Instagram post, we can always learn to improve. I noticed that my shares weren't as high, and so the next time that I make this, I want to make sure that my watch time is a little bit higher, and that I'm trying to get more reshares with my content. Because half the game on Instagram is just showing up every day and making better content than you did last week. We're going to keep using this tool on this account, and I guarantee you we get something that pops off and gets hundreds of thousands of views. Look, AI content is probably the biggest opportunity on social media right now. The tools are better than ever, and anyone can get started by using these simple workflows. Back when I started on social media, you would literally have to hire designers and animators to come up with anything close to this. It would take weeks and sometimes thousands of dollars to generate stuff like this. But, now with tools like this available, there is no reason that everyone shouldn't be doing something on social media. And as someone who's been in the game for a while, the final thing I'll say about this is that consistency beats everything. Don't be that guy that posts once or twice and then disappears. If you show up every week with something better than the last, you're going to start seeing traction. Again, the $10,000 giveaway goes until July 15th, so you have plenty of time. Just make sure that you follow all the steps. Like this video, subscribe to this channel, comment your handle below the video, and enter your account in the Google form below, so we make sure we can track it all. First place wins $5,000, second place wins $3,000, and third place still wins $2,000. The link in my description gives you 500 free credits, and simultaneously, I'm going to be growing my own account using this tool so you guys can follow along and I'll announce that in one of my next videos. You have everything that you need to get started. I can't wait to see what you come up with and with that I will see you on the other side.

  Top Comments:
  1. @akankshasharma4937 [1 likes]: I like this video and will join the challenge
  2. @rankrent [1 likes]: what can i do to grow my Restaurant IG Account.  I cannot think of anything. 😞
  3. @Shazaant-hb1pu [1 likes]: 7:05 Hey Dip! Thanks for the new giveaway! By the way, when will you announce the final two winners from the AI influencer video giveaway? I participated in "Funniest joke" as well as "best prompt" giveaway!
  4. @CHAINEYOUTUBE-oj9gh: Nice vidéo
  5. @amanihilmy1997: @withaiyra
  6. @BRADLYJO-m2e: Not needing to write a script or do voiceovers manually is a massive cheat code tbh 🙌 practicing in AniJam rn but definitely taking notes
  7. @Namie_Productions: Not this guy teaching us how to ruin the Internet with slop🙄
  8. @DeborahAaron-le8ti: Congrats on hitting 300k subs bro, I'll join this competition like previous prompt competition, but you have not yet announced who won those giveaways?
  9. @hardroad1536: I'll join the contest
  10. @TrueWhisperedStories: Already tried it, https://www.youtube.com/@TrueWhisperedStories
  11. @virtual240: When are you opening up more slots for your 1-1 mentorship program for creating AI Influencer UGC Product ad videos?
  12. @MooreAiMusic: OPUS LINK DONT WORK
  13. @TheIncognitoInk: It’s not yet available in my region. Can I use a VPN to make it work?
  14. @biggibiggiebiggie: deeperthanhistory
  15. @cena750: but how dose it even monatiE
  16. @Escape_into_Sound: I'm curious to know how you have almost 300k subs with just 23 videos. That's impossible but if you can clear things up why or how, than I could trust you and not think you bought your subs.
  17. @EpicThreadsStories: Starting on this account here! @EpicThreadsStories
  18. @ssautomation7792: what about agentOpus credits ..do you guys provide some initial credits to start ?
  19. @Albertking598: Who cares about the views and the followers. How do you earn money from this. HOW DO YOU MONETIZE.
  20. @Pedro-luo: This looks nice to me. I will try it later. Now I' m using anijam to create some ai videos like this.

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- $1.8m tiktok dropshipping in 30 days (showing you my actual viral videos and how to create them): Kind: captions Language: en So, in this video, I'm going to be showing you how I found a product on Tik Tok and made two viral videos for it that generated 3 million views in total and ultimately made me $1.8 million in the month of January of this year. I'm going to show you exactly how I created the video and it's using a template, basically a framework that can be applied to literally any product that you are selling. Currently, there is no other platform other than Tik Tok that will allow you to generate this kind of revenue off of just one Tik Tok video. So, let's just get straight into it. I'm going to refresh the page so that you can see that my data is legit. And just pay attention to the conversion rate. Also, I didn't just go viral for this video, but I also was very highly converting. 5% of the people who visited my store out of 700,000 bought my product. That's a high conversion rate. It's actually the top industry standard of e-commerce products on Shopify. So, this is my product. It's a red light therapy mask. It's designed to prevent you from aging. It's marketed towards women. This product had already gone viral on Tik Tok, but it didn't matter. The reason why it doesn't matter is because I knew that I could dominate the competition with my style of content, and that is hyperdopamine content. If you don't know what hyperdopamine content is, I'm going to show you a few examples. You probably have seen this sort of content on Tik Tok, but most people haven't understood it yet because it's such a new strategy of advertising. But the hope is that by the end of this video, you're going to know everything about hyperdopamine content, and your next video will be a hyperdopamine video. So, let me just first show you the clips that I've gathered. This is my hook. This is my hyperdopamine hook over here. I'm just going to play for you. No. So, it's basically a girl with the aging filter on saying no. It's meant to be very visually captivating and also auditorially captivating. This is an explanation clip. These don't have to be super hyperdopamine. They just have to show off the product. So for these clips, it's just simple UGC userenerated content clips where it's just her putting it on, taking it off. Best way I can really explain what hyperdopamine content is is to show you who the kings of hyperdopamine content are. And this is High Smile. You may have seen this brand on Tik Tok before. They're a teeth whitening uh toothpaste brand. And they are the most profitable brand on Tik Tok. They literally made a billion dollars in revenue last year. That's a hund00 million in revenue every single month. That's a hundred times what I was able to do. So when I looked at their content, I just thought to myself, if I can get 1% of their viewership, then I would have made a million month in revenue. And for those of you who are beginners, you can think of it like this. If you want to generate $100,000 in revenue, you literally just have to do 0.1% of what they were able to do. It's definitely possible. So, let's just look at the sort of content they're creating. I'm going to scroll down to this video right here. Pay attention to the first 1 to 3 seconds. If you have yellow teeth, watch this. First, I'll wipe the yellow stained teeth dry. So already you can see that it's just super visually alluring and the hook is almost a little bit strange, very visually dominant and it immediately captures what the problem that is going to be solved is. Let's just look at another example so that you can see it. 4.5 million views here. It's rare to see yellow teeth that's untreated. So notice the sounds on top of the visuals, the glove getting stretched onto the hand. It's just there's a sound to it that's very dopaminey. That's why we call it hyperdopamine content. And immediately the first snapshot is a guy's teeth with this black background. It's strange. The most common adjective I can use to describe hyperdopamine content is it's very strange and weird, but it works. Let's take a look at this one. 1.2 million views. [Music] You see that? That was 3 seconds. That's the hook. It's a hyperdopamine hook. Notice how fast the movement is. It's almost like a video game. And if you follow this sort of content style, you can apply to literally anything you are selling. This is the playbook of Tik Tok content creation, organic and advertising. And before we move on, pay attention to this. This is going to be relevant towards the middle of this video. Look at how often they recreate the same hook. They use a hyperdopamine hook multiple times and that's what I also do as well. So now let's jump over to Cap Cut and create a hyperdopamine video for this product right here. So now that we have these clips, this is the most important part. I'm going to introduce you to how I structure my videos using the sales framework. The sales framework is how I literally sell anything I've ever sold on Tik Tok. It is how you structure a video to make sure that not only you go viral but you actually sell throughout the video. You persuade people to buy. Problem hook, solution, authority, explanation, product. This is how you structure a Tik Tok video. Problem hook is where you identify the problem in the video. The problem that your product is solving immediately within the hook. Again, this is going to be a hyperdopamine hook, but it's still going to identify the problem. So, let's take a look at this content right here and look for the problem in the hook. If you have yellow teeth, what? That's 3 seconds. That's the hook. That's problem hook. So, he identified the problem that's going to be solved. You have yellow teeth and it was embedded within the hook. Next, it's going to be solution authority. So, what is the solution to having yellow teeth? Well, it's the concept behind their product. They're a teeth whitening toothpaste company and they're about to introduce the solution but using authority to back it up. This is very important. I just do. That is authority. That is showing that the solution works. Oh my god. The reason this formulation works now it's explanation product. So he's about to explain how the solution works for the problem using their product. That's very important. You're explaining it using your product so that when people are persuaded to believe that this is a solution, they're associating it with your product. Let's play it. This is simply due to color theory. As purple cancels out yellow, similar to purple shampoo. But what you don't know explanation. Now they're going to the call to action. They explain how it works. very visually in a in a very visually alluring manner using their product. And now that you're convinced that this is a solution, they can do a call to action. Now, let's look at another video. This is literally repeated in all of my videos, all of Highmell's videos, in every successful brand on Tik Tok that actually knows how to advertise. So, this clip got 15.9 million views. Problem hook. First, I'll wipe the yellow stain teeth dry. Yellow stained teeth. Problem hook. Very visually alluring. Let's apply a sensitivityfree clinically proven whitening method. The V34 Sims whitening results stem from the color solution authority. Now the explanation correction technology let me explain the color purple is literally says let me explain this is the framework that I'm explaining it to yellow on the color wheel. Hence the B34 teeth users. So then he demonstrates the explanation using his product in a very visually alluring manner. Okay. So now let's follow the sales framework and create our version of a hyperdopamine video using the clips that we have. So the first clip I'm going to use is the girl going no where she's going to say no no. That's going to be that immediate hook. Okay. Now I'm going to record my voice using Audacity and I'm going to say apparently the aging filter is based upon real science. So that's identifying the problem the problem hook. Apparently, the aging filter is based upon real science is triggering girls into thinking that they're going to age. They're going to look like that old ass girl. So, it encompasses the problem of aging. So, now I just Googled aging filter, real science. I'd heard a Tik Tok that was saying that the aging filter is based upon real science. So, I knew there would be some article about it. I'm going to take a snapshot of this using my phone so it's in the proper format and then put it into the video. So, now we have this. No, upon real science. And now the solution is going to be red light therapy. But you know what's also based upon real science? Red light therapy. Now we need some authority to back up our claim. And what I've done is I just searched up red light therapy studies PubMed to just find a bunch of these these studies that I could snip it and put snapshots into my video. I'll show you what I'm about to do. So this is how I use those studies. But you know what's also based upon real science? Basically just putting it all over the screen very quickly. People will assume that this stuff is legit. And now when I say red light therapy, I want a video on red light therapy, but I also want to double down on the authority. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to use a celebrity using red light therapy. So I found this video of Kim Kardashian using red light therapy. The girls, they loved Kim K. So I'm going to use that in the video. And now it looks like this. Now that I've introduced the problem and the solution with authority, I'm going to do the explanation. The problem is it's incredibly expensive, but it doesn't have to be. By using a mask, you're able to absorb every photon of the light at its maximum potential and therefore can get the same effect without having to spend thousands of dollars. So, here is where you now put in your explanation clips. This is the product being demonstrated and the more visually alluring it is, the better. In the same Kim Kardashian clip, there was someone criticizing how expensive it was and they used a very nice graphic that I'm going to copy in my video. problem is it's incredibly expensive, but it doesn't have to be because by using a mask, you are absorbing. Now, I put in that clip and I've also gotten a Google search result that explains what I'm saying. I wish I could have found a more visually alluring way to explain this, but I just couldn't find one. And in hindsight, it was good enough. Now, it's time for the call to action. And before I do a call to action, I'm actually going to circle back to the Kim Kardashian video and trigger the audience a little bit more. Don't let celebrities gatekeep anti-aging. If you'd like to buy the mask shown in our video, click our profile. So then I say, don't let celebrities gatekeep anti-aging. I use a clip I found from a YouTube video of that rich, weird looking guy who does anti-aging stuff. And then I reuse the Kim Kardashian clip bed in my office. Can't really see it cuz Cap's being weird, but she bases it and a red light bed in my office. And then I go back to one of the clips where she just shows the product. Now that we're done with the video, we have to add some captions. And what we're going to do is we're going to go over to text, auto captions, and click create. So, now that the captions are added, we're going to have to make some edits to them because this is too small. So, what we're going to do is we're going to click on the caption. We're going to increase the font size so that it's at a nice size. I think like that is good. Since our text is going to turn white, we don't want it to be white. So, we're going to turn into yellow. Now, if we go over here, this is too hard to read because there's just too much going on. So, what we're going to do is we're going to click on the text and then enter where we want the line to cut off. Apparently, the aging filter. So, that's where I'm going to cut it off. Click enter. As you can see, now it says apparently the aging filter. But I still don't like how big it is. It shouldn't be on two lines, the captions. So, I'm going to increase it a bit. And make sure that when you're increasing the text or anything on a Tik Tok video, you keep in mind that there's about this much where it's going to get cut off when you're actually uploading the Tik Tok. So, put everything in range of around where my mouse is. You should it shouldn't go towards the complete edge. Apparently, the age. So, this is good. But here, this is too much. So, I'm going to go back to the captions and click enter here. So, it's based upon real science. That's better. And I'm just going to make these changes to the entire captions. Now, once you're done with that, we're going to click export to 1080p. Make sure video exporting is selected and export audio selected and click export. Apparently, the aging filter is based upon real science. But science? Red light therapy. The problem is it's incredibly expensive. But it mask, you are absorbing every single photon of the light at its maximum potential and therefore can get the same effect without having to spend thousands of dollars. Don't let celebrities gatekeep anti-aging and a red light bed in my office. You want to use the mask shown in the video, click our profile. So, as you may have realized, I've already posted these videos as I showed you my Shopify analytics. These were videos I created months and months ago. One got 1.4 4 million views and another variation I created got 1.8 million views. Now, if you remember during the early parts of the video, I mentioned that with High Smile reuses their hyperdopamine clips many many times. And this is the reason why I was able to go viral twice with their videos. They literally just change what the text says on the video, but they still keep the same hook. And this is the second video that went viral. I didn't use the no hook. I just used a different type of hook that I can show you right now. Apparently, the aging science? Red light thing. And this was just by moving around the clips a little bit. I think this is very important. So, let me quickly jump onto my whiteboard and explain my variation strategy. So, this is the mistake that most people make when they're creating Tik Tok videos. They create a video that consists of a hook, an explanation, and then a call to action. So, this is a Tik Tok video. Call to action. They post this video and let's say it gets 30,000 views. It gets 30,000 views and they think to themselves, "Well, I wish it went viral, but unfortunately it only got 30,000 views. I guess now what I have to do is come up with a completely new video idea." Wrong. That is a mistake. Instead, what you should do is when you've created this video, let's say this is called one video one, you do this. You create video 1 A, video 1 B, 1 C, 1 D, and 1 E. You create five different variations of the same video idea. And what do you change? You don't change the call to action. You don't change the explanation because that's the meat and the potatoes of the video. It takes a lot of effort to change that. What you do change is you change the hook. And the hook is only two to three seconds long. So you're only changing two to three seconds of each video. That's all you have to change. And now that one video idea has turned into five video ideas. And if this one gets 30k views, perhaps this one gets 25, this one gets 130, this one gets 560, and then this one gets 12K. With the same video idea, you have now experimented with five different variations and increase your likelihood of going viral by at least three times. This video will now generate you sales when this video never generated you sales. As you can see here, I created many different videos. Most of them didn't go viral. It was only the 1.4 and the 1.8 million video that went viral. So, make sure not to be a noob and do this. It's what a noob does. This is what a pro does. They create variations. So after the videos went viral, we went to the next step which is advertising where we post-p produce our viral videos into ads. And the entire process will be shown on Attention Academy. But the truth is even if we didn't run ads, we still would have generated around $100,000 in revenue just through those organic pieces of content. And for most people who are watching this video, something like a $100,000 month in revenue is your first goal. Therefore, the real game is actually learning how to create viral content first. Generating your first few pieces of viral content before you ever think to start learning ads. But here's the reason why learning how to create viral content is so difficult. It fundamentally comes down to the point that you have no way of receiving feedback from the content that you post. The best way to learn is by studying like watching videos like this and then applying what you have learned and then getting feedback when you've done something. For example, if you're learning piano, this would be looking over what you've played and seeing where you went wrong and where you went right. The same thing with learning a language. You attempt to speak the language and then you look back and see exactly what you did that was wrong. But with a nuance skill like creating viral content, there isn't a clear way of knowing what you did wrong. Sure, you realize that you got very little views, but you don't know exactly what made you get very little views. You are then stuck with trial and error, trial and error, and constantly creating content trying to figure out for yourself why your videos aren't doing well. And although that can eventually work, it is clearly not the most efficient way to learn. So that's why we started Attention Academy. We are experts at going viral. We've gotten billions of views in short format content. We've generated millions of dollars in revenue for our products and our clients products. So, when we saw that there was no education platform out there teaching you how to create viral content and then personally reviewing the content that you've created to tell you what you did wrong and what you should do next time, we had to create this platform. In Attention Academy, this is exactly what we do. We teach you how to create viral content for any product or service that you're selling. There's an extensive course that goes through everything that we know that's worth well over $1,000. But that's not where the true value lies. The true value lies in the feedback and the mentorship. Every single week, we review the content you created that week. We tell you what you did wrong and what you need to do next time. And this feedback isn't just coming from me. It's also coming from creators with a million plus followers like my brother Ali. He's gotten even more views on Tik Tok than I have in a completely different niche. And also my marketing assistants who have worked with multiple multi-million dollar companies. We all have an array of different skills in the specific skill of creating viral content. And it's not a reoccurring subscription. So you could just cancel that same month and get access to all of the content and then leave the next month. So my friends, if you're interested in joining Attention Academy on this new platform, school, the link is in our bio. We put you in a community of people trying to do the same thing and we give the education to do it. You can do it. You can win.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kvyayrehill3891 [2 likes]: For people still confused on where the actual "step by step" part is this isn't for you. this isn't the hold your hand video this is the do you understand the concept" video
  2. @HelloHeidiv [1 likes]: You do understand that your masks are by far the same as the proper masks? Your incorrectly marketing your products, you should've read all the research. Your claiming your product is the same, but it's not.
  3. @anthonigrande: men really are insecure and lonely lmao
  4. @wavyflips: I’m so proud of you bro, this is a banger
  5. @sulli-r8u: this video super cool , I'm a Chinese seller, and this content is really great for me.
  6. @HongKongBraid: does this video content structure works on instragram reels or meta ads?
  7. @davisoshenye7058: Hi  @SeenaRez  really appreciate your guide bro, thanks for sharing just wanted to genuinely ask, can this also be applied to fashion products something like scrunchies?
  8. @clickwearbytopicmint8533: Hi Seena, it's really really exciting how it works. But why do you take other celebrities and photos from the internet or from others? Isn't that being warned? In Germany, we would be warned if we simply used other people's content. How do you do that and where is the permission? Thank you for the tip.
  9. @31eGGy31: Love your content. Best E-Com content I found so far! I am just starting out and people always warn you selling electronic devices. Do you have an insurance to cover you when selling such a product, or is that something people worry too much about?
  10. @restrollar8548: This is great. But Hismile as scammers - just look at Trustpilot and their returns. Revenue means nothing if everyones returns and gets a refund!
  11. @julia63491: How do you get the source video? Is that okay to use someone else’s video?
  12. @benwhite7005: 10:45 🤣
  13. @miguk_unni: Thank you !
  14. @MrBlackshot1996: Do you come up with a fresh name for every product, create a fresh tiktok/insta account with that name, to post reels as marketing with a link to the shop or how does it work? Maybe someone from the comment section can help me out here.
  15. @caine-chow: Anyone know if this will work for facebook ads that will go on IG as well?
  16. @titilafolie: So what do you do with the 560K video ? You transform it into an add ?
  17. @mitarv7997: How to handle supplies and product delivery if we don't have stock ready for shipment?
  18. @meiA-w2f: How can we join Attention Academy?
  19. @willb8841: how do you acquire/ship/source the product? logistics surrounding that?
  20. @123crunchi: just can't believe it

- Reels Expert: I Made $2M With One Video (Steal This Viral Hook!): Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has mastered the art of short form content. >> Not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. >> Always ahead for her age. She bought her first real estate property at 15 years old, got married at 16, and now at 20, is generating millions of dollars a year on Instagram. So, Ava, you just turned 20. How much money did you make last month? >> 700K. >> In this episode, we'll break down her secrets to achieving consistent virality on social media. >> Step one, I would go to the Instagram explore page, type in my niche. I would say like a hundred videos over a million views. >> Unveil the blueprint for becoming the dominant voice in any niche. >> Step two, take the hooks from those videos and I would write 30 scripts with those viral hooks, but my own niche expertise >> and explore the viral secrets top creators don't want you to know. >> Step three, I would >> Jurgens, welcome to the Jack Neil podcast. >> Happy to be here. >> Awesome. Yeah, Ava just came in uh from Las Vegas. She was at acquisition.com workshop with uh Alex and Leila Hermoszi. So yeah, pretty cool to have you here. I've was just telling you before, I've been a big fan of her content for a while. I think the advice she gives on Instagram is super pertinent for short form content and just seeing her growth. I mean, how many followers have you gained in the past like two years? >> Um my business Instagram is 2 years old, so it's like 0 to 500K on that Instagram. and she also has really uh good business model that's generated her a lot and she's 20 years old which is very rare to be making uh this kind of money at 20 but we'll get into that. Um so Ava what's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram reel. >> Um basically how it works just the funnel to explain it. if someone watches a video and at the end of the video I'm like, "Hey, comment xyz and I will send you information about my service." So, we had one of our videos where we basically explained how to grow an Instagram from scratch and it got 7.9 million views, 13,000 like leads. And if people sign up with me, I do like a monthly reoccurring done for you service. They're paying anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 a month to work with me. So, we got a lot of clients. Obviously, not all 13,000 of those comments converted, but we got a lot of clients and I want to say like 2 million in annual revenue from that one video. >> Got it. So, you got roughly how many clients from that video? It was about 100, 200. >> Uh, I want to say 100 something. But, yeah, they basically turn into reoccurring revenue clients annually. That'd be 2 million. >> Interesting. So that one video, when was that posted? >> August of 24. >> August 24. Okay. So almost a year ago. And wow. So from that first video, how long had you been doing Instagram? Uh like that new brand up until that point. Was that just a few months in? >> Yeah. Oh, that was like a year in. I was sitting around probably like 100k followers, but that probably bought brought in also like 200k followers and a ton of leads. So that like really really took off. Um the Instagram and the business. >> Now how many clients would you say you service with the business? >> Yeah, we service around to say 350 to 400. >> Interesting. Okay. And then what do you do for each of those people? >> Yeah. So for the done for you service, basically we spend like 10 to 12 hours every single month researching the top performing short form content in that client's niche. And we only work with business owners. And then we take that research and they have to fill out like onboarding documents in the beginning. And we create viral scripts out of like the viral hooks we researched, the topics that clearly work. And then we just make the value of the video kind of specific to them, what they teach, and everything. and then they film the videos, we'll take them back, we'll edit them, and then we post them for the client. So, it's like a monthly service where we're either making 15, 20, or 30 reels for them. And it's like primarily Instagram reels, but we'll also repurpose on like Tik Tok, YouTube shorts, all the short form platforms. >> So, essentially, one video converted to about $2 million a year in revenue. Um, yes. And then from there, you've kind of just been maintaining and growing that amount of clients and trying to scale your systems to service as many people as possible. Like how many people would you say are on your waiting list that like you can't service but like you have leads for? >> Uh, we actually don't have a waiting list. I'm like we have a ton of SOPs. So when we hire someone, we're able to onboard really quickly. >> But yeah, we basically just have a ton of SOPs. So, it's not like something that we have to build out a weight list for, but we are pretty selective. I would say we're more selective now than before of just like what niches we work with. Um, just to make sure they're all like very solid ones that have grown on social before. So, like personal trainers, dog trainers, or just like any niche that has kind of case studies or social proof that we've already done or just like on social media already that we know can grow. >> It's just fascinating. I I just don't understand how you can scale to that many people and maintain quality. Um but it's obvious that you have because these people stay on recurring revenue. Like how do you how many employees do you have? >> A lot. So we have a mix of 1099 contractors and W2. So it's over 100 right now. >> Jesus Christ. >> So it's a lot of people. >> 100 people. Oh my gosh. Um Okay. And then did you when you first started the business, were you like how many employees did you have before that video took off? Like were you kind of scrambling to just fulfill as many people as possible? >> It I would say we had like 30, but we were like pretty comfortable then. But then once that video came out, we had to hire really quickly. But I will say with any agency, like you have to learn to keep quality up at that scale. like it's definitely been a learning curve and I've definitely made mistakes but I've learned so much and I have obviously so many SOPs now, so many managers in place, uh just so many I guess points to check quality. But yeah, a lot of quality control has been implemented and a lot of just extra positions just to make sure it stays the same because it can get bad really quick if you're not careful. >> Yeah, it seems like you're more focused on maintaining the clients that you have than trying to get new ones. Is that the case? >> Yes. Uh yeah, for sure now. That's where I'm at. Uh just trying to retain them as best as possible, get them the best results. Um obviously I want to grow, of course, but it's you got to care more about the clients you have than the clients you can get. >> Okay. So Ava, you just turned 20. What was it? Two months ago, 3 months ago. >> Uh March, like end of March. So two three months. Yeah. >> How much money did you make last month? >> I want to say 700K. Oh my god. I'm sorry. It It just throws me off every time people like say these numbers. You made $700,000 last month. And then are do are your expenses high for your business? >> Um I want to say they're a little bit under 50% of revenue. So yeah, I mean that's pretty average for an agency. >> Yeah. So you're making $700,000 a month at 20 years old, which is ridiculous. Uh is like when did this kind of journey start for you? I'd love to just kind of know like the um what were you like in high school? What were you like in middle school? Have you always been a scrappy entrepreneur? Um like how did you find success at a young age? >> Yeah. Um I'm so different from when I was 14, but uh originally like going into high school, all I kind of cared about was like my friends. I had straight A's. Like I was a good student. I wanted to be successful, but I probably I didn't really think about being a business owner uh for when I was that age. But then um I don't remember or actually I do. So my social studies teacher when I was 15, he started talking about Andrew Carnegie and like him just being scrappy and starting his own company and being so successful after being like growing up so poor. He like it just was so inspirational. So, I just searched up on Google like how to be successful or something stupid. Uh, and like the best books to read to be successful. And then that's when Rich Dad Poor Dad popped up. So, then I was 15. I didn't have my license. So, I made my sister drive me to Target after school and I got that book. Um, and then when we got home, my dad was home, which was super weird, but he had like a mask on and we were like crap. And he had CO. So, this was like right when the pandemic was starting, but we had to quarantine for a week. So, I was off of school and I read that book probably like 2 days in and I was dating um my boyfriend at the time. He was my boyfriend Ben and we I made him read it right away and then we were like, "Oh my god, like why wait until we're 18? Why don't we just start a real estate investing company now?" So, we did, which was so hard to do uh when we were teenagers, but we basically direct mailed. We cold called every day after school uh because we went the offmarket route trying to find properties to do like long-term rental investments. And eventually after 3 months of doing that every single day, we finally got someone to say yes. And we got a duplex in uh it's like right outside Milwaukee. And that was our first investment. And then we kind of did that all throughout of high school um where we got short-term rentals and long-term rentals. Um, but it was I always say this, but like real estate's pretty miserable >> because like you're talking to people on the phone who like you're trying to get them to like sell you their house. >> Yeah. >> And they like hate you obviously. Like you get called a vulture, you get screamed at and like it's just not fun. Um, but after high school, so I graduated after my junior year, I just went full-time into real estate and I started posting just short form content on social media about it and just being young in business and like as a teenager in real estate. And like within the first month, I got like 50,000 followers just from posting short form content. And then I just realized it was so much better than real estate. And I was like, "Wow, I could probably do this for other business owners." because building your personal brand back in 2022 when I graduated, that's when it's like really started kicking off and became like a like the term personal brand. So, I started doing that for other people and just cold outreaching with like my Instagram account um just to business owners I saw online and I got a few clients and I kind of started off just like editing for them uh just the shorts but then that eventually turned into me starting my business Instagram then building out the full done for you offer and that's like the only service I have now just dialed in on making that perfect but that is kind of how that all happened. Got it. So, let me back up a bit on the real estate. Where did you get the capital to kind of invest in these properties? >> So, Ben, he I forget where he I think it was just YouTube, like Ryan Pana on YouTube. If you're familiar with Ryan, >> he um posted a video about couch flipping where it's basically you find a couch on Facebook marketplace for pretty cheap. You buy it, you clean it up, you just take better pictures, and then you put it back out. And we were making like $3 to $500 just flipping couches on Facebook an hour, I would say. $300 to $500 an hour. But the only problem with that is like you have to wait for the couches to come on. But we did that the entire summer. Uh so we got like a good chunk of cash um that we were able to use cuz property properties outside of Milwaukee like they're not like a lot uh they're not what people are used to. They're anywhere from like 100 to 200k. Um, so you didn't you don't need a huge down payment. But in order to buy it, you have to like cosign if you're if you were our age because we were under 18, but there's like different ways you get creative. Co-signing or getting getting an LLC in like your parents or a guardian's name and then eventually getting that when you're 18. So, >> and were your parents involved in real estate like investments? >> No, they are not. Like I mean they have a house but not for investing. >> Got it. Do you mind me asking like what line of business are they in? >> Yeah. So, my mom was a teacher and then my dad, he uh W2 up until I was 10 and then he started his own company. It's pretty boring, but it makes money. So, it's basically uh he makes phase converters, which is like if you have a frozen yogurt shop and you want to plug your big frozen yogurt machines in like an outlet, it won't work because it needs so much power. Can't just plug it in a regular outlet. So you get a phase converter to get more power and then you can plug it in that and it will work. So that's basically what it is. But he makes like big electrical machines for like bigger businesses. >> Yeah. And then your boyfriend uh now husband Ben, you basically made a video when you were 14 saying that you were going to marry your current husband. >> Yeah. So I remember when I first saw Ben in the math hallway, I was like, "Wow, this is the most muscular hot dude I've ever seen. And we were like 14, so I was like, "Wow." Um, so two weeks later he was my boyfriend, of course. Just kidding. But yeah, uh, we hit it off right away. Um, thing with Ben is like he it was just never awkward. We were friends right away and he's like such a socially awkward guy. So it was weird that like he felt the same way. But yeah, Ben's my best friend. >> And then what was the video you made? >> Yes. So that was probably like a month into our relationship. I was just like I basically my mom recorded a video while my friends were over and I was like I'm going to marry Benjamin William Otto and we just had that play at our wedding. >> Play this at my wedding >> here. Play this at a wedding. This is me at 14 years old on December 8th on a Sunday um in 2019. And I'm telling you, I'm a freshman, by the way, and I'm telling you right now that we got married to Ben Otto. >> So, that video we got, that video was when I was 14, we got engaged at 16, and then married at 19. So, we just played that video at our wedding, but I posted that on social media, and I think that is probably my most viral video cuz it got 50 million on Instagram, like 60 million on Tik Tok, and it got like in People magazine. We went on the news for it. Um, but yeah, it was pretty crazy. >> Interesting. And is is that the video that kind of got you into social media or did you post that just kind of randomly after you were making real estate related content? >> That video specifically was it was like me reacting to that video at my wedding. >> Reaction content does so well, especially in like real life situations like that. So, I think that is why that went viral. And like I don't edit my videos, but we got our wedding footage back in October and I was like I know this this is going to work. So I just edited it and I posted it after like 10 minutes and it did. >> Was that the first viral piece of content you made or had you gone viral before? >> No, this is when my Instagram was already pretty built up. This was in like I want to say September or October. So pretty recent. But that was like probably my biggest video. >> Okay. So to get into some of the virality related stuff uh because you service 300 400 people on going viral consistently. What would you say is the number one mistake people make when trying to go viral social media? >> Yeah. So people just like sometimes I always like to say everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Um but they will just post videos that they come up with and kind of expect it to go viral. Um, and then eventually when it doesn't, they'll just give up. But the thing with content is there are so many case studies out there of people in your niche that have already gone viral. And what you can do is you can just search up your niche in the Instagram explore page and you can click accounts and you can find like the top 10 to 20 people in your account or like in your niche. You go to their accounts and you basically want to look for videos like we call them outlier videos, but it's basically videos that just get a significantly amount or like a how how should I word this? >> Like a higher amount of views than their average. >> Yes. So like I I do what's called the 5x rule. So I'm like, okay, if it gets 5x views and the accounts followers, that's like a viral video in my mind. So we'll add all of those to a spreadsheet from their page. And then we will write out like the hooks. We'll write out how many views it got, the topic of the video, like the format it was filmed in. Um, and we'll do that for like 10 to 20 videos for each creator, um, for those 10 to 20 creators. So, you're getting a list of like few hundred reels that are like the best performing in your niche. And then you just use the hooks and the topics from those videos in your own content, but make the value your expertise and like your actual actionable valuable advice. And that is what works. And even still like when you're starting a new account, you can do that. But the first little bit you just have to like push through and get through because it's a slow growth like when you are starting a new account, but if you stay consistent and you do that method, you will grow a lot faster than just trying to post whatever you want to do. >> And what have you learned about social media virality uh like in the past few months that maybe you didn't realize a year ago, two years ago? Like what what's been new or has everything kind of been the same for a while? I would say obviously content's always changing. Um, but I would say probably the importance of like the three main hooks. So there's like visual hooks, so what you see in the first 3 seconds. There's written hooks, what you read in the first 3 seconds of a video. And then there's the verbal hook, so what someone says in the first 3 seconds. So using all three hooks and optimizing those. And then also it's something we call formats. So, like if you look at short form content, subconsciously you don't realize it when you're scrolling, but if you intentionally scroll, you'll see some people use like a whiteboard. We call that whiteboard format where they're like like maybe revealing things under paper on a whiteboard. Or we have like talking back and forth format where like two people might be dressed or one person is dressed up as two different people and they're like doing a little skit talking back and forth. Or there's talking head where you're just talking straight to the camera or there's audio B-roll where there's like a trending audio and then there's text on the screen. Um, but there's a ton of different formats and what I love to do is if I ever get a viral video, I will just recreate it in different formats and it usually does very well. >> Which of those formats would you say is the most valuable? Like if you could only be really exceptional at one um, and you wanted to use it to grow your business, what would you say is the most valuable? I would say the people who can consistently go viral and have the best personal brands like do talking form because I would say like if you look at an audio B-roll video versus a talking form video, you always get more followers, um more likes, more engagement, more leads through talking form videos, even if they get less views. Um but I would say anyone who can go viral just talking to the camera, that's like the best. um because it's the least engaging. Um so if you can do well with it, that means like what you're saying is super valuable and people don't need like all the ADHD things to like stay on your video. >> Yeah, that's interesting. I see like this big emphasis on short form content particularly among business owners where they're like, "Oh, we need to have like the best edits like um and like the best graphics, etc." But does like does editing really go far in a video? >> No. I would say like if I had to rank things, I would say it's the hook, then the script, um then the format, um and then probably the editing. >> Interesting. Okay. And then of the hooks, you said, uh visual hook, written hook, auditory hook. Uh, I would say it used to be verbal, but now it's visual because I mean people have always listened to things on mute, but now like if you're scrolling, there's so many people doing so many things and like so many visual hooks. So, you have to have a good one too if you want to make people stop. >> And what goes into a good visual hook and like what really makes people stop scrolling on Instagram? >> Yeah. So, I would say there's a ton of different visual hooks and like some people think like, "Oh, I have to do something crazy." But you can literally it can just be like you sitting down in a chair, like just a motion or like what we do a lot for clients is like if we're doing like a personal trainer. This is how my client went from 150 to 130 lbs in XYZ time and like have actual like pictures of the client's before and after on the screen. Um, so that could be a visual hook. um or like a above angle. So it's like the camera's up here instead of just like right here. So it doesn't have to be that complicated, but we just usually um when we're scrolling, if we ever see a new one that follows the 5x rule, we'll just add it to our little sheet. But there's just a ton you can do. >> And for you specifically, because I would imagine when you do this type of service business, you can't teach someone all the factors that go into a video. Like you can give them the script, the research, maybe an idea of the format, visual hook, etc. But like, do you think about your clothes? Do you think about like your hairstyle? Do you think about like the tonality of your voice for certain things? Like how many factors and variables are at play? >> Yeah. Like I would say that's kind of the hardest part. Everyone like we kind of leave the tone and well we'll ask clients if they want like their scripts to be funnier, more professional, serious, like an authority, but tone and like how you dress. I mean, tone's important, but like how you dress um and stuff like that, like it's probably things we care about less. But when we give a client a script, we basically at the top we have like three different sections. It's like the notes section, which gives a breakdown of like what format it is and how to film that format. Then we have the script section and it's just we put the script in bullets. And how we have clients film is we're like look at a bullet and then say it to the camera and then look at the other bullet then say it to the camera and we'll cut out all the pauses and then we have the caption um which is just the caption we put on the platforms. >> And then the subtitles, how important are like good subtitles for videos? >> Um I mean I would say back in the day they were like more important but now like it just doesn't really matter. I feel like a lot of people are tired of like crazy stuff, but it's important to have captions because so many people listen. Like I think it's 80 to 90% of people listen to content on mute. So it's like you kind of have to have them. >> And there's also like the if you're on Facebook or Instagram, uh particularly a lot of people are international, so it's like easier for them to read English. Um also it's really interesting as far as like gaining followers. Like what's the most amount of followers you've gained from a video? It's probably that one video I was talking about earlier. I want to say we got 100K from that video, which is insane. That's like that's one video out of two years worth of posts. So, it's not common, but you do get those outliers if you post over a really long time period. >> What kind of content do you have to make to get more followers, would you say? >> Yeah. So that video was like pure education, you know, how to start your Instagram, grow it from scratch, and like step by step value, like from the beginning up until the end. But that was like so so valuable. So I the typically the videos that like are funny or memes, those will get you views, but they're not going to get you followers. Like people like to follow people who give them value. That's what I've found the most. So very valuable educational videos. And that's why I feel like for Mosie, for example, he's grown so quick because all of his stuff is so tactical. It's so actionable even though it's kind of like more niche. Like he's not in like a Mr. Beast type of niche, obviously. So that's how you grow, especially when you're a business owner, just providing so much value. And then how do you feel about the uh like if I had to branch uh speaking content into some niches, it would be like motivational speaking content uh entertainment and then education. Like I've noticed that sometimes when I post more motivational content that will like grow in followers and then same with education like you mentioned uh but entertainment kind of like you said doesn't really gain that many followers. But how do you think about brand? Cuz it's called personal brand launch and it's kind of like you're helping people go viral, get more leads, but how do you think about like the brand portion of things? >> Yeah, that's a good question. This is one like I I don't know. I have like I think my perspective on brand has shifted a lot, especially that I've grown more. Like I'm a lot more protective about what I post now. Um, I think before like I was fine if I like post a funny post and stuff, but now I just like want to make sure everything is super valuable, but I think I kind of follow a similar ideology as Hermosi when it comes to that where it's like, have you ever heard him give the like flower bouquet analogy? >> No. It's basically like you have a bouquet of flowers and every single flower like kind of makes a certain like what I like to phrase it is like you have your main niche which is like it could be fitness and then you have like your subniches which is like weightlifting, cardio, um maybe it's like a fun one where it's like I don't know maybe you make like protein desserts or something and whenever like people think about you they just associate you with all these things. I think that's just kind of how I see a brand. When someone looks at someone or a company and they just associate it with certain things, >> I guess more tactfully with you, I see like all your videos are very colorful. Uh you usually wear like a comfy looking hoodie with comfy looking sweatpants. Um like >> the captions look as though they're handwritten or something. Uh or the subtitles. Um how do you think about like those things? >> Yeah. So, I mean, brand's all about consistency, and I think really with social media, as long as you show up as like you, you'll be just on brand all the time. So, like sweatuits, I have um a Nike sweatuit and probably 15 different colors for summer and for winter, like each, so probably 30. I have sweatuits. I have a black sweatuit and like I have five versions of their black sweatsuit. I wear it so much. Um, but that is on brand for me because that is just me. Do you just like get really cold or is Milwaukee super cold? >> I'm cold all the time and I live in Wisconsin so wow I just said that totally like >> Wisconsin. >> Um but yeah, it's cold there all the time. But it's great. It's kind of like the weather here kind of reminded me of it. Like 70 while the UV is like 10. That's what we've been getting lately and it's been pretty nice. >> H interesting. So okay, just congruency in what you do dayto-day with what the social media looks like. Is there any part of your life that you don't kind of show on social media as much? >> Um, I mean, I I pretty much talk about most parts of my life, but I would say my relationship is probably like the least I talk about, but I still bring it up sometimes. >> And you were telling me that Ben also runs a business. Um, I'm just curious to hear about his business as well. >> Yeah. So, Ben started a lawn and landscape company when he was 13. Now, he also has no plowing for the winter. But yeah, he is kind of like the same deal. He gets like reoccurring mowing clients, so it's like a good reoccurring revenue. He has three crews that just go out and do the stuff and then he does like landscaping projects as well. So those can be like 10 to 25k jobs. >> And then what's kind of your guys's routine or like what does your daily routine look like? I've seen >> you wake up at 3:00 a.m. have this really insane discipline. >> Yeah. So, it's even worse now. For the past year, I've probably woken up at like 12 a.m. every day >> because I'm a psychopath. But, um >> 12 a.m. >> So, I had so much work to get done before I came here. I woke up at 11:30 yesterday. >> 11:30 p.m. >> That's when you woke up. So, you're pretty tired right now? >> No, I'm good. I'm used to this. >> Chilling. Okay. >> Yeah. So, basically, I will get up at 12:00 a.m. I will work for about like 4 to 5 hours and then I wake Ben up and then we go to the gym. Um, we do like we'll lift. Um, and then afterwards we'll come back and he gets ready and leaves for work cuz obviously a lot of his stuff's out on the field and he's not completely out of his business yet. Um, he still helps his landscaping crew a lot. So, he's pretty much gone um until two and then I'm home pretty much all day. Uh just I mean in the morning I'll do my deep work and then during the day I usually do a lot more admin tasks, management, um just kind of like what needs my attention at the moment cuz obviously when you're CEO your days never really look the same. You just go where you're needed. But then around three is usually like when I'll start winding down. Ben will come home. He might have some like quotes later on, but I will just literally rot the rest of the day. I will read a book. I will watch TV or I'll hang out with Ben. Um, just because I usually stop when I'm kind of like burnt for the day. >> So, why do you wake up at midnight every day? >> Um, honestly, I've just found like I've done a lot of different things and that's just what I found works for me. Even though it sounds psychotic, I'm so used to it because I've been waking up since like at least 3:00 a.m. since I was 15. um just to get and get the real estate stuff done before school or um at the time like when I first started I was like the type who would read all the books before getting started. So I'm used to getting up early. Um but it's just the one time of day where nobody bugs me. Not even Ben. Like he's still sleeping and I actually can just get everything done. >> And what does your deep work look like? Like the first four hours of your day. >> It's just whatever is going to grow the business the most. So it might be making SOPs. It might be making content for PBL like scripting. Um or it might be hiring like going through applications. It just depends on like what's going to grow the business the most at that moment. >> And like what do you not outsource? Like what are the things you do yourself? You said it's hiring SOPs. Like you actually go through and make the SOPs and you go through and hire every employee in the business. uh not as much anymore, but I would say with agencies in specific, if you don't use your agency, you have a problem. Like you need to use what you are trying to sell. So, a lot of that stuff, like we even have our clients like review their own scripts to make sure it's good. Like I'll still review my scripts and stuff, make sure that's good. Review like edits before they go out. But um I would say for now what I haven't outsourced yet is people creating the SOPs. Like I'm insane. It's like every single mouse click of a process I will have written down >> just so it's not messed up. And I have the written versions of every SOP and like also the video version of every SOP like doing the process. So I have always done that but I am in the process of hiring a director of operations just someone who can do that. >> And what have been the most important hires in your business that have like really scaled it? >> Yeah. So I think with agencies as I we were kind of talking about earlier quality when you scale an agency I think your success is based off of the talent you hire and a lot especially because this industry is pretty new like coming up in the past decade it's really hard to find good people so you just have to have good pay and a good team that's motivating each other but I would say like the most important part of having a successful agency that's good at scale is just hiring really good people with very niche skill sets. So like ideiation for example, that's something I'm hiring for right now and it's just something I've been trying for I think two months, but this is normal for these like niche roles. uh just putting out an application every single weekend to try and find someone and like you'll always eventually find someone. But you just it's all about volume and just getting enough applications and just finding that that one person. >> Is that ideation for your brand or for your clients? >> Clients cuz I do a lot of it right now and that's why I work so much. >> So you're coming up with the ideas. So you're looking at the outlers and then kind of coming up with an idea based off that or what do you mean? >> Yeah. We have like researchers who will research it and then I'll just review the client's onboarding document. I'll review the research and I'll kind of create ideas. So, I'll do like, okay, this is what I want the hook to be. This is what I want the value to look like of the video. Now, here's also the format I want. And then we'll give it to the copyriters. But it's super unsustainable like because we have so many clients. So, that's why I also kind of have to get up. Um, but we're definitely looking to get people, but I'm not going to let that go until I find someone who's like me. >> I would guess that a bottleneck you might have, and correct me if I'm wrong, is >> that was such a bottleneck. >> Uh, that the virality portion, like for your clients to get really good results, I I would guess that the scripts that have done really well or the videos that have done really well, you've had at least some involvement in those particular scripts and like you reviewed them or is that not the case? >> No, it is. Um because right now I'm in almost every script set like that we have that's going out. And like I think something as a business owner I've had to learn is like I mean I was out of the business for a while but then I saw results drop after I got out. So I had to go back in and now we have to hire. Like I just have to be more intentional with hiring. But because we're missing that person right now I'm still in every single day. >> So that's 30 scripts for each client a month. >> It's either 15 20 or 30. >> Okay. So 20 and then 400 clients. That's what 8,000 scripts a month. >> Yeah. It's like super unsustainable. >> And do you like go through all those? >> So basically for the ones I can't do ideations on, I review after they're done and I'll just make replacements if that's needed cuz like our copyriters are still like good at ideiation, but like obviously I've been doing it like the most I have the brand. So yeah, but if they have the hooks and they have the client, like they can still make great scripts and then you just make some adjustments after. But I have one other person on my team, Jane. I love her. Uh she's like the same skill set as me. Um and she helps a ton on the reviews and she's the only other person I trust to like do that without my review after. But both of us combined like we are both at our breaking point. >> Yeah. I mean, it sounds like a I what I'm impressed with with your business is that you haven't um gotten shiny object syndrome and been like, "Let me just drop a course. Let me drop something that everyone can buy a million times." And I'm sure you think about it every day when you're reviewing all these scripts, but like what's kind of kept you from doing that and like looking at other options? >> I know if I like I want to make this service like perfect before I ever do something else. like I want to make it. I just want to be the go-to short form content, you know, creation agency for business owners. And I just will not stop until that's the case. And that just means literally refining the product and making it better every single day. And until I feel like it's perfect, I probably won't do anything else. And I'm very like picky. Like yesterday I got it's kind of an odd situation but Adobe they like wanted to become part of like the editing part of the service but I just said no even though it was a lot of money and it I mean Adobe's great but I just like I don't want anyone to have any like control over it. Like I just want it to be mine and I just want to make it perfect, but I don't want like any other service or product I could make to like take my time away from doing that. >> So, what are you guys using to edit the content? >> Uh, we like uh Da Vinci, Premiere Pro. I mean, we use a mix of different ones, but like basically we have editors are are like our mo we have out of like all of our 1099s, editors are the most cuz like editing is so timeconuming and until AI can like fully do it, we still need a ton. And we just basically rank our editors like, okay, they can do basic edits, they can do medium edits, or they can do like really good ones. Um, and then whatever. Like we just have like a for we have a ton of different editing styles and when a client comes on with us, they can choose from like a bunch or they can find one off like on their own and then we'll just do it. >> What's the most common editing style people request? Is it like, oh, I want it to look like Iman Godzi or Alex Ramosi or >> uh it used to be Alex, but I think it kind of went out of style like his old old captions if you know what I'm talking about >> with the emojis and stuff. Yeah. Um, but now I would say a lot of people actually go for more simple captions like you know what Leela does where it's like kind of like on her on her talking head videos. She does just like does very simple captions and people like >> little light ones. Okay. >> Yeah. But we also have like a lot of other ones too um that people like that are more complex. But I wouldn't say it's like they're not like I can't think of anyone who like would like like it's not like a herozi style. It's not um one of the big ones, but they're just like kind of like their own customized ones that we get a lot as well. But yeah, they'll pick one of those and then we will get the we have like all the editing styles ranked and then we'll just give, you know, a basic edit to a basic editor. um and kind of like medium edit to medium editor and you get the idea. But we just have the editors use whatever they like and as long as it looks like the reference then it's fine. >> So for someone who maybe can't afford your service or like you couldn't work with them for whatever reason, what employees would they need to hire? What process would they need to do for growing their personal brand? Let's say they wanted to do just >> fitness educational content. Yeah. So, basically what I would do is obviously make your Instagram account. Um, but I would say the first thing is I explained the research method earlier. So, I would do that, but I would also do one other research method, which is you go on Instagram, go to the explore page, you hit the search bar, and then you just type in your niche. So, if it was like dog training, you just type in dog training. Or you could create like I like to create like five to 10 keywords that relate to that. And then once you search it, you click the reals tab. And I wish I could show you this visually, but then you will just come across literally like the most viral hooks in that niche. And if you like scroll on that reals tab after you do that keyword research, you want to look through all the videos that have over a million plus views and just save the hooks that you would use. And then typically what I do is I just make sure they follow the 5x rule and then I'll add them onto a spreadsheet. And then those are like I mean Instagram SEO kind of sucks but >> it really does. Yeah. >> Yeah. I mean Tik Toks is really good compared to Instagram but I don't like to use Tik Tok as a reference cuz Instagram is harder to go viral on. So like I like to use Instagram for ideiation better. But yeah that's probably the research I would do along with like finding the top 10 to 20 creators. And then after basically basically what I do for clients, I would just write probably a batch of like 15 to 30 scripts with, you know, the viral hooks, the viral topics, but with your own, this is so important. You don't want to copy viral videos. That will just make you look like a fraud. So you want to add your own like value in the meat of the video. So your own actionable advice. So, like if you're a dog trainer, you want to show people how to teach their dog step by step how to sit or like I saw this one girl do like how I taught my dog to shut the door and I thought it was like the coolest thing and she gave you the stepby-step advice. I hate or I don't hate but like when people give like fluff, it just never works. I mean, it doesn't never work, but it just is a lot harder to go viral when you're giving fluff um than opposed to like actionable value that people can actually take away right away. So write scripts with your own expertise and experience um on how to get you know people XYZ result. Make 15 scripts um use different formats. Test everything out on your account. So if you are starting from scratch, I like to try a bunch of different topics, a bunch of different formats in your niche and then you post like 50 to 100 videos. Try and post every single day. And then basically after 50 to 100 videos on a new account, you can kind of see, okay, what worked better, what formats worked better, what hook hooks worked well, what topics worked well, and then you just start doubling down on, you know, those hooks, formats, and topics. And you just keep doing that over and over again, and you will grow over time. >> I want to ask about two things. The first is the fluff portion. Can you define what you see as fluff in most content? because this is something I have to help a lot of people with when they ask me for advice on their videos. But I'm not just cutting things that aren't valuable. I'm cutting things that aren't valuable and things that aren't interesting. Like both of those two things. But how do you think about it? >> When I think of like fluff, um, let's see. Like fluff to me and like I'm pretty picky. Like I like things to be really specific. But if I'm a personal trainer and I'm giving advice, I'm like, "Okay, walk every day, lift every day, eat healthy." But like actionable value would be walk 10k steps every single day. Do this exact 4day split. Um, and then like have them show the split. Um, or like for calories like use this tde calculator online. Subtract 2 to 300 calories. Uh, that's your calorie deficit. eat this every single day, eat one gram of protein per pound of body fat. Like it's very clear what they need to do and like they want to save that stuff cuz it's actually helpful. So it's like that's what I would say fluff versus real value is. >> Interesting. So just be as specific as possible and as helpful as possible. How about when you're telling like a story? Like if you were to tell us the story of >> how you did this at 20 years old. um like what do you consider fluff in that instance? >> So yeah, I like consider educational content and storytelling content completely different. >> Okay. >> But basically in our client scripts, if they have the 20 scripts package, we will have four storytelling scripts and 16 educational. >> I think storytelling they do well, but like it's there's it gets it can get repetitive, so we don't like to do as much. But people love like my story videos or just like how they grew, like how they grew or their personal transformation. Yeah, people love that stuff. And I wouldn't consider like that stuff fluff if you're telling a story, but like educational content is where you see the fluff. But storytelling is completely different. Um, I think you can be a lot more like as long as you're vulnerable and you know there's a good payoff at the end of your story, it could do really well because it's definitely been more popular lately. >> If you could give us an example like what's a story you find yourself telling all the time like when you meet people like here's how I grew this business. >> It's the one I already told. It's like the >> cuz people always ask like oh how do you get into this? Um, so I would just tell them like, "Oh, I started in real estate, da da da da, posted content, did well, got into this." >> So, yeah. >> And why do you choose like those parts to include? >> Is there like any thought to that? >> I would say mainly because they're all just vital to telling the story. Like I got into real estate and because I saw all these other big real estate people like I want to start posting on social media. It did really well and I was like, "Wow, real estate sucks. this is fun. I'm gonna do this instead. >> Yeah, I did notice how you crafted the story. I was like, it's very interesting like the parts she left out, but it's the most crucial thing needed to understand it well. Um, another thing I wanted to ask you about with your clients. So, you do 15 to 30 videos for them a month. Do you ever think that if you did like a couple videos for them, like the more experienced one, if you just did like four really good videos, that would be better? And just like how do you think about quality versus quantity in general? >> Yeah, I think about that all the time. Um, I would say like I try to treat the 30 videos like I was doing four, if that makes sense. Like I don't like to give a client a script unless I feel proud of it and that makes it so much more time consuming. But I do think like if you really did just hone in on four, I think personally I wouldn't like that because you're not testing as much. You're not seeing what works as much. So I think it might actually be worse cuz if you can just test a bunch and then just study what works and then double down on that, like I think that's way better. >> And when do you ever like are there any videos that you put a significant amount of time into that it's been worth it or is it usually just not worth it? I would say a like every single one of my videos, there's so much time into it. But I think the videos I spend the most time are when I find like real life examples of the point I'm trying to make cuz like you have to go find the case studies and leave really good editing notes and stuff. But it always makes it worth it because people get the visual and they can actually see it and it's not just like words they're hearing. So I would say it's worth it. >> And then tell me about some of your clients uh that you've worked with. What have been like some crazy success stories? Does any I'm guessing this is the case, but do any of your clients make like significantly more money than you from the service? >> Yeah. So, there's one in particular. Um, there was this one I was nervous to take on. His name's Carl and he's like an older gentleman, probably like 65. He has like 10 kids, but that's not relevant. It's cool. But yeah, he is in the franchise niche. And the reason I was nervous was because I don't know anyone in the franchise niche. I tried to do research and like there wasn't really anyone. So, I was like skeptical, but I was like, "Okay, I'm just going to, you know, really really try on these and like I basically just researched other niches and try to convert it to his." >> And franchising is >> like he basically is a franchise broker. So he works with like a ton of popular franchises and then he works with clients and tries to get them or like suggests certain franchises that would work for them and if they start it he gets a commission. >> So like Wendy's Chick-fil-A or like what kind of franchises? >> Like those but not Chick-fil-A. They're like very like in-house kind of and very selective. But like I'm trying to think like Great Clips Molly Made. There are some restaurants but can't really think of off the top of my head. But then basically what we did is cuz he was starting from scratch too, but we looked at like a ton of different niches as I said, did research and then converted them over to his and we did like videos or Burger King or um like Crispy Cream or Duncan and like just like those comparison videos I would say. Well, we posted like 3 months worth of content and we were like under 100 followers and I was like what the heck? but it's also just kind of part of having a new account. So then on our fourth a new account. So then on our fourth month we got our first viral video. I think like 9 million views and it was breaking down how much you make owning a McDonald's franchise I think. And we took that exact video script and format and then just replaced the restaurant in it and it just kept going viral and viral. So then we also um took that original viral video and we made it into an audio B-roll video and that one got like 10 million views. And we have just kind of started replicating that format and then like pinning to um different franchises against each other to show you what makes more money. And like those three things consistently go viral for him. So now that we have that, we just every single month script videos that are different versions of that with a CTA that leads to, you know, uh his like franchise broker stuff. So yeah, and he like basically makes like 60K for every single person he gets and he gets like hundreds of leads. So, >> and what does he do exactly? like he'll take someone and be like you'd be good for this franchise and >> broker the deal or >> so like his target audience is people who are in 9 to5 like manager positions and could just manage our own franchise. >> Do you know how much he's doing roughly? >> No, I don't. But I know like sometimes he'll just text me like, "Oh, we got five deals this week and that's like >> 300k." Yeah. >> Oh my gosh. Geez. Uh, and then has there have been any other success story that stands out to you like um of someone that took a while to grow? Um, I would honestly say, I mean, I have some that like grew really quick, some that took a while, but I would say another person that took a really long time was myself >> when I first started my Well, I originally I have like a personal account and then a business account and I started posting the social media stuff on my personal account and it just like wasn't aligned with my business content. So, it didn't do well. And you'll find that when you try to post a new niche on a profile you already built up surrounding a niche, it just doesn't work. Um, so I started a different business, Instagram, or personal brand launch, and I think 3 months it was the same thing, just like under 100 followers, posting every day. And then the fourth month, I got my first viral video. And same deal. It's just the same thing that happens every time when you make a new account. takes a while, but you'll eventually get your first viral video and then you just double down on that. That is how you grow a page. >> Is there anything ultra specific that feels like a hack on social media? Like anything with trial reels, anything you're doing with testing on TikTok? Like I know a lot of people do multiple pages for testing with different types of hooks, like a bunch of crazy stuff. But is there anything like that that you've looked at recently? I wouldn't say recently, but I think for a long time we were one of the not the first agency, but we were one of the I guess first short form agencies to really take research serious. Like we have always been doing like 10 to 12 hours of research a month to like every single month too. It's not like just the first month. And like we just do that religiously so we can study what works and we also just double down on what works and researching and doubling down on what works for that person. It just does wonders. That's like all you need to do. >> It's funny you say this. I mean I'll probably cut this out but maybe not. Um just like a lot of the secret sauce of why this podcast has done well is because I noticed I was like I asked all the other big podcasters because I kind of knew them. It's like how much research do you do like to craft the clips ahead of time? and they're like, "Oh, no. We don't even think of it like that." I'm like, "Oh, well, you can just find a guest." Like, let's say you went on another podcast, had a viral clip, just take the exact same hook and get them to retell the story differently. No one does that. Can you believe that? Um, it's been a major attribution to any views I've gotten on this podcast. But, um, I definitely agree with you that research >> goes a long way. And for for YouTube specifically, do you like I I I think YouTube and short form can be really similar, but people will find like outliers on like even smaller pages and then like use those titles and thumbnails. Do you ever do that? >> 100%. >> Yeah, I think that's so important. >> Definitely. Uh yeah, the thumbnail outliers is where this all started. Like view stats by Mr. Beast has been super helpful um for coming up with stuff. But >> is that like so on Instagram we have like something called sort feed >> and it's like it like will automatically sort someone's videos on their profile. Oh that's maybe my hack then. >> So there's this thing it's called the sort feed extension. It used to be free. It's like it turned like $40 for like it's a lifetime. Like you'll get it for your life if you pay 40 bucks and it's so worth it. But if you go on someone's Instagram page and you click reels, you can click the little puzzle piece in the corner of your screen and you can basically select, you know, 100, 500, all of their reels and it will sort them from most to least viral. >> We use this. Yeah. Okay. >> Did you make a video about this? >> Yeah, >> that's why I use it for sure. >> I use it every day. >> Yeah, it's awesome. But is like that what view stats is for YouTube? >> View stats is a little more interesting. Um, but that tool is really helpful because no one has built anything for Instagram that can sort the videos. Uh, but and then Tik Tok recently came out with a thing where you can sort people's profiles by most liked or most viewed, etc. But view stats like you can search >> uh like a good example, I had this thumbnail um of a guy holding up a hoodie and it said $500 million a year um because like he has a brand called Comfort Clothing that makes 500 million a year. I have like literally seven other sweatsuits. >> That's interesting. I was wondering if you wore those because like Yeah. Um >> I wear Nike for like videos, but I have a ton of theirs. >> Yeah, comfort's nice. But um essentially we took that thumbnail and then post it on view stats and it will show other things of people holding up hoodies or holding up t-shirts with text on them. And then we kind of reorganized the thumbnails based on the outlers. Um or if you I don't know search certain keywords like body fat, it'll show all the outlers for body fat and then you can make it specific to a podcast. Um >> but yeah, I mean if I like I use it for short form content too because if you go on YouTube, find an outlier, you can kind of take that as a visual hook, >> you know what I mean? >> Yeah, I do that too actually. I'll find like those on YouTube where they have like obviously they went very viral for like a small account and we will use like their thumbnails can be really great visual hooks or like their titles can be good verbal hooks or written hooks. >> H how important is the thumbnail for Instagram? >> Not important. I mean like yeah people might see it on the explore page and click it but like I have never like intentionally made a thumbnail in my life. >> And then so you're 20, you make $700,000 a month. How do you invest this money? Yeah, I invest it into index funds. >> Boring answers of the best. Um, index funds. Gotcha. Just and that's it. Nothing else. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like I don't like I don't take out much money from the company. I take out me and Ben split our expenses and it's like 2500 a month each for each of us. And then I also take out 5K to invest in index funds because if I invest until I retire, which I'll never retire, but if I invest until like I don't know, let's say like 65, then I will have 25 million. If I just keep investing my five grand into index funds and I could double that and I could do 10 grand a month and I probably retire with like double if I start now. So it's boring but it works. >> Yeah. So, okay, that's pretty frugal, I would say, to have 5K, >> but I live in Wisconsin, so >> yeah. >> Just you see all these other uh 20-year-old millionaires like doing all this crazy stuff, traveling the world, spending 100K at the club or on villas, etc. Um, has that just never like aligned with you or anything? Like, >> is there anything that you purchased that was material that was a bit expensive? >> Honestly, never. I mean, like besides like the investment properties, but I drive like a mediocre car, live in a mediocre ranch. I don't know. I buy like Instacart groceries. I don't know. Um, we do have a nice like gym membership, but that's pretty much it. Yeah, I think I will. I mean, I don't know why like I've been investing the same amount even when we made like 50k a month. So, I just need to up that. But yeah, I don't really care about that stuff. I do want a nice house one day, but I think part of me is also just like, wow, that's like what I want is probably really expensive. >> H what keeps you from getting a house right now? I don't know. I think it's just like I've never bought something big and nice like that for myself. So I think part of me just isn't ready. >> Yeah, I'm I'm big on not getting a house right now. uh because it just seems like less convenient for the business, you know, because if you're like in an apartment, all the things are taken care of, all the amenities. Uh >> like our place for instance, we have a gym uh that's like you walk out of our door and then it's the door to the gym. So, I'm just like all about efficiency. Um she really wants a house though. Um >> but no crazy lavish expenses. What's like something you've purchased that like since you've had some money that's been helpful for like investing in you, you know, like walking treadmill? >> Oh, yeah. >> Like chef, personal chef, like anything like that? >> Um, I will say like once we started making money, we never shop. Like it's all Instacart, Door Dash, Uber Eats. I will say we do cuz like some of that stuff the business will pay for. Also, all my sweatuits, my walking treadmill for sure. I walk. So, I like to walk. I like to get it over with. I'm all about getting things over with. That's what I think about. So, I'll walk four miles right when I get up when I'm working just to get it done. Um, and then probably our gym membership. We do want a home gym, so that'll probably be like our next big thing. So, that'll probably be like a couple tens of thousands. But yeah, it's all I can really think of. >> Were you guys athletes in high school? >> Oh, yeah. I mean, I wasn't. I've always like went to the gym. Um, I think I started freshman year and I always just did like either a four or six day split and then Ben in high school, he wrestled a ton. Um, he did like club and then he also did school. I don't know if you guys familiar with like Ben Ascrin, but he's like the only big wrestler from Wisconsin, but he has like his academy. Um, so Ben like went there and so he was really good at wrestling and went to state every year. And then also football. He loved football, but not like enough to ever go to like college for it or anything or make it worth it to go to college, but uh yeah, so he always did sports and then now we just go to the gym together. And what's kind of your uh mission or goal with all of this >> uh long term? I really do like what Alex and Leela do, but like where they obviously they're in private equity um and they work with a lot of businesses and help them grow um and invest in them potentially that with Ben, but I don't know like right now we're just really loving growing our own companies. But I know I probably want to have all like his business and my business and other businesses under a portfolio in the future. So that's probably 5 years from now we'll start. >> So you plan on doing the exact business you're doing right now for five more years. >> I can't promise that. But like I'll for sure own it for a long time but I don't want to be doing like daily what I'm doing right now in five years. I want to grow. I want to get out of that. I want to I feel like I went really hardcore back into working in the business and I need to get back out of it once we get the right people. So that's like my goal within the next 6 months. But yeah, long term I don't want to just do this forever. I see bigger things. I want to be a billionaire. I do. I think that's just like a goal because I know I can do it. Not even for like the money because obviously I don't even buy stuff now, but just to prove to myself that I can. >> Okay. Would you sell the business you have right now? I know there's interesting multiples on uh service business. Is it like 2 to 3x of yearly revenue or >> agencies? It's 6 to9. >> It's 6 to9. I guess it's recurring. Okay. I didn't think about that. >> Yeah. If you have contracts, >> I was thinking of coaching businesses for some reason. That's a little less. Um that's actually service. I actually learned that at the workshop yesterday. >> 6 to9x. Okay. >> So, what would be your goal revenue with this business before you sold it? >> Oh, I want to build this to at least like I want to sell it for if I did for at least 100red million. >> Yeah. I don't know. Like I don't I think the money excites me less than like being the best uh for short form content for business owners, but I know if we are, we'll just make a ton of money. >> Interesting. And what do you think would aside from removing yourself from the day-to-day uh stuff, like what do you think would 10x the business? >> Just time. I mean, it's already growing so quick. Like after that video in August, we were growing like we grew I think like 200k just that month in reoccurring revenue and like with social media you just have the power to do that with your business. So we can grow it fairly quickly but to 10x it. Yeah. It's just time and consistency. >> Have you thought about moving to Puerto Rico with that much cash flow? >> Why? Puerto Rico. I learned this recently from a guest. Uh it's the only place in the US you can move to uh like keep your residency and you pay I think it's 3% income tax and then 0% capital gains. Um maybe it's 6% but I don't know what it is in Wisconsin, but it probably be like 40% 50% a year goes to the IRS. >> yeah, it's 40%. >> Puerto Rico's 3%. >> Yeah. I I if some really wealthy people live there. It's a nice place. I would recommend checking it out. Um there's like this place called Dorado there and it's Do you know the Ritz Carlton? Like >> Um it's essentially like built by them and you just basically live in this like Dorado bubble of like all these nice amenities, etc. Um and it's not too expensive to live there. It's fairly cheap. Um and yeah, you don't pay any taxes. It's pretty interesting. Yeah, I like my my quarterly tax bill is like multiple hundreds of thousands. It sucks. >> Yeah, LA's pretty rough, too. >> Yeah, I can imagine. >> Um definitely want to get out of here. But I I'm like big on if >> I think I can make more money in Los Angeles than like a place like Texas or Las Vegas at this stage just because >> primarily because I host a podcast and a lot of people come through here. >> Yeah. Um, people usually come through Vegas, Los Angeles, and Miami, but the other parts of the country they don't really come to. But someone told me I could move to Puerto Rico and fly people out and it would be cheaper. And I was like, this is true. I wanted to ask about Minihat in general because you're kind of one of the first people to use it super effectively. Like, uh, what's your Minihat system secret sauce on that? That actually reminds me like this is random, but I've gotten like reached out to by Many Chat to work with them a lot, but I just like literally anything that will take me away from PBL will like I just won't do it. >> But anyway, I use them cuz I love them, but I never like do affiliates or anything. But Many Chat, like Do you want me to break it down just in case? >> Yeah. Yeah, for sure. >> Okay. So basically what many chat is is when people say as like a call to action on Instagram, comment the word cake and I'll send you you know whatever. So it's when you like share like lead magnets with people or you know freebies, landing pages about your service and it's like the best way to get leads from Instagram because people will just comment that word and then they will get automatically sent a DM from you to that link. >> How do you use it differently than other people? um like in a more effective way like is there anything like in the funnel specifically? >> Yeah. So, I would say like I I think a big part of like why I grew really fast during some periods is cuz like sometimes I just use ManyHat a lot more and I'll create a lot more freebies and especially when you create a really really good freebie that like was clearly like it took you a lot of time and it's not just something that you can make in chat GBT or something you can like is a Google search away like those are so valuable and >> what's an example of one of yours? >> Yeah. So, I think one of them that took me so long was it's called an a thousand. It was like it's a freebie with a thousand hooks. So, it's like a thousand videos that follow the 5x rule that are like good educational content examples from business owners and then like those hooks templatized so people can use them themselves. So, like it has the link to the viral video and then the template templatized hook for a thousand. And that like actually making that probably taught me the most about content I've ever learned. But yeah, that um took probably like 300 hours to make cuz you had to scroll like I had a bunch saved of reals I love and a huge bank of those, but I was super selective about what I put on the freebie. I probably scrolled through like 20,000 videos to find, you know, the other like 700 I needed. That's a really good one because I saw people after you did that uh start selling ebooks of that and running literally copy and pasted. >> That makes sense. Yeah, that's the thing about a lead magnet is people can just monetize it differently than you and steal it >> because you're giving it away for free. Huh. >> Do you run any ads? >> No. >> Jesus. Sorry. >> Yeah. Do you just like like what's the I might cut this out, but just like my genuine curiosity is like what's keeping this from like being bigger? Like do you have too many leads and you can't like fulfill on all of them? >> It's really just about me getting out cuz like right now like I will always work as much as needed to get it done but like there's only so much I can work. So >> why don't you charge more? >> I could. I just I don't I don't know. I mean, I raise my prices quite frequently, so I've raised them probably. They've probably doubled in the past 6 months. >> So, it's 6K now or >> No, I actually I want to say year. So, it used to be like half of what it is now. But also, we've built out the service a little bit more. So like we like to do for example like we'll do setup many chat for you and um we had to add like customer success managers so we added in like milestones checking calls cuz that's what people really wanted. So it's built out more so we also had to charge more but the price has probably doubled in the past year but like I don't know I feel like we're at a good price point but I know I could charge more if I wanted. >> Interesting. >> Yeah >> cuz I I tried to sell like a similar thing. I just tried to sell the coaching aspect. Um, and like I was trying to charge people like 70 80 like 90k packages over like 6 months. Uh, cuz I've had a lot of success coaching people in the past. Uh, but >> it essentially what I realized was the price wasn't an issue for them, but what they wanted was services. So, I was like, I could literally sell like services similar to yours for like 80k. So, I just like I think I got on a call with one of your sales reps way back just to see what the pricing was and I was like, "It's only $3,000." There hasn't been anyone that you've sold like a super high ticket package to. >> No, like anytime someone comes to me for like coaching or anything, like I hate calls. >> I don't do calls. Like even this is like wild for me. Yeah. >> Um, so I try to do calls as little as possible and like I just I just like helping people like do the grunt work and the service and like I feel like with business owners too, they want people just to do it for them. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. So that's why the done for you model works so well. But I think we will probably raise their prices again soon just because I do like the clientele that we get with a higher price point. They kind of get it more. Um, and I love the people who just like trust us to do what we do best and like don't I guess like try to redo all the work. Like I said earlier, like everyone thinks they're a great marketer. Like >> they just trust us. They trust the research we've done. They trust the scripts and they just trust the process. >> Do you have any churn or do you have like any failures? I'm assuming it's like a little bit but not much. >> I mean, every agency has churn. And I think with content, organic content, it's something that takes time. So like when we have people churn, it's because of two reasons. One, they just don't want to wait. But like remember how I was telling you it took Carl and myself 3 months to get our first multi-million view viral video. Well, those changed our accounts and our businesses and our lives, but most people can't wait three months. Um, with like when you're starting a new account and you need to consistently post, when you have like a bigger account, we can just study what already worked for you and do research based off that. Like we can grow you faster. But if you're starting scratch from scratch, like people um who aren't willing to wait, they might churn. And then also like the only part of our service that isn't done for you is the filming because it's their personal brand. So people who just don't end up filming. >> Have you thought about doing the filming part for them or is that pretty logistically tough? >> I mean because it's their personal brand like it just wouldn't make sense like because it's more so like them just not wanting to be on camera >> or I guess sometimes it's not. It's them not having the time. But like, yeah, some people just like can't can't film. They just don't like it. >> Interesting. I'm guessing it's a lot on the iPhone. I've ran into a lot of people who are like, "Oh, like I need someone like a video crew around me all the time." I'm like, I don't think you would do well. >> Yeah. I film all my stuff on my phone. >> Yeah. Even my VSSL. Like >> what I'm so impressed by you just from personal perspective is like I have the worst shiny object syndrome ever. Uh which is why I did a podcast cuz it was like like how can I be like find out about people's businesses um like new ones all the time just cuz I crave like this novelty but um like it's just so impressive that you just dialed in on this one thing and take nothing. Like where do you get that from you think? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I feel like there's like I feel like every entrepreneur has ADHD, but I feel like there's two types where it's like one's kind of like shiny object and then the other one is like hyperfixation. And like I'm the type of person where I will eat the same things every day. I'll wake up at the same time every day. I will watch the same shows over and over again because I know them. I'll read the same books over again. Like I am just so used to like I don't know. I hyperfixate a lot and I think that's why. But also it scaled so big. So now I like I don't have any desire to like start anything else from scratch. I mean in the future yeah um that business with Ben. But >> what kind of people do you look at for just general business advice for mentorship uh for social media understanding virality like who are you looking to there? Yeah, I would say like business-wise for Mosy obviously. And then for um social media, a lot of it is just like consumption, but scrolling intentionally versus like subconsciously. Um and then there's this one girl on Instagram. She's like or on YouTube. She's kind of like a hidden gem. I feel like she does not get the credit she deserves. But she breaks down specifically YouTube content so well, but a lot of it transfers over to shorts. Her name is April Lynn Alter, and you should check her out. Like, she's insane. Like, her videos are so value packed, and it like motivates me to do the same with short form content. Like, when you watch her video, it's like the most valuable thing you've ever seen. I can't explain it. You just have to watch it. >> Interesting. Do you have any like particular bits that you've learned from her or is it really just how she crafts the videos themselves that you're looking at? Yeah. So, I always understood the concept of outliers on people's page, but like she kind of came up with that term and she does the exact same thing on just YouTube and like I'm like and she talks about formats on YouTube all the time and like all that stuff just transfers over to content and like I've always understood like the concept of formats and stuff but like she kind of put it into actual terms. >> Mhm. >> We were talking about shiny object syndrome a minute ago. Like what have been some of your shiny object syndromes you've had in the past year with this business? Like I know Tik Tok shop is really big. There's like softwares you could do a course. Like what have been some things that you've been tempted to do but maybe just um you haven't really thought about it. >> Um I would say like I'm pretty loyal to like I'm like super loyal to everything but this business I'm very loyal to and like I don't have too much of that. But I will say the only other thing I have kind of like wanted to do but I know it will take time away is like starting a YouTube channel about short form content. There's one person I really like. His name is Callaway and he's like I say in like the past few months he's recently started posting and he's already grown his channel like 60k. Um and he does it really well. And obviously April and Alter who I mentioned earlier, like she does it so well and like I would love to do that and I know it would probably get a ton of leads as well cuz like long form you just build a different type of trust with people. So I think it would work really well but I don't know. I just I've also been advised by people like oh no you shouldn't do that. So I'm like okay. >> How about organizationally? Like um what are some how do you organize your business to like scale? Yeah. So, I would say like I know this is just so like scrappy, but Google Drive, we have all of our SOPs in Google Drive. We have all of our client scripts, our client videos, files. Like every client gets a folder. It has their unedited content folder, their edited content folder, their scripts folder, and then like um we do stories for some people too like um and we'll just use ManyHat through that as well. So their stories folder and it's just like very neat in there and we'll have like in those folders will be like May 2025, March 2025. So it just all kind of like lines up. But yeah, pretty much Google Drive and then softwares that I use would be like go high level um for a CRM. Many chat obviously pretty simple obviously like Google Drive, Gmail. >> Do you have any advice for posting on social media? Like uh do you make sure the people are in the US? Do you make sure it's like an iPhone posted at certain times, like that kind of stuff? >> Yeah. So, all of our account managers like are US-based because of that reason. Um, because it's just for the best if the IP is in the US. Um, and then I used to be actually like a huge proponent of manually posting. Uh, because I always did like different split tests with like different third party platforms, meta and then manual and manual always outperformed. But then a month ago, I redid it with Meta and it was the same. >> So, everyone on my team loves me now because they don't have to manually post anymore. >> That's good to know. My team will probably like that as well. Um, >> yeah, I like never trusted it. And I But like Meta, it was the same cuz I did it on my account, too. I was like, "Okay, if I'm going to try it, I'll do it on mine." And it was the same. Yeah, that was a big one for us on I can't remember what platform specifically didn't work when the IP was outside of the US or No, it was it was like we would use a VPN but the SIM and the iPhone wasn't from the US. I think it was YouTube and Tik Tok it didn't work well but Instagram and Facebook was fine but now I just make sure it's all posted in the US except except for Facebook and Snapchat spotlight I think. Um >> but are you posting on Facebook pretty consistently? Um, yeah, but I have like the automation set up. So, if it just like if you post on your Instagram, it will automatically post on Facebook. >> Huh. Interesting. We We set it up to where it's differently posted, but it's because you can put a link in the Facebook caption. Um, which is like a huge conversion thing. She actually taught me that. Um, >> you know what? I'm going to I'm just going to write that down really quick. Just give me a second. So, what exactly do you do? Yeah. So, you can post on Facebook the link for whatever you're promoting. Like, say it's this podcast, I could post a clip of us and I could put the cap the link directly in the caption for it. >> Okay. And that's like, is that a real or just a post? >> Uh, either or. Yeah. Can do reals. >> Oh, wow. >> But it's crazy. >> I have to post that on on Instagram. Be like, "Hey guys, you can do this." >> Yeah. And then you can also do pin comment on Facebook um with the link in there, which is nice. You used to be able to do that on shorts, but >> can you get ManyHat to work on Tik Tok? >> That's new. Yeah. Um, as of like two months ago, I haven't set it up yet. >> I haven't been able to get it to work, but I know it would like crush if I could >> cuz no one's doing it, you know. Um, >> that's what I was thinking about with Tik Tok shop, too. I wanted to launch like a some low ticket product just to push my videos more because if you scroll on Tik Tok, I don't know your opinion on Tik Tok versus Instagram. I don't like Tik Tok anymore. >> I don't I don't like Tik Tok. I don't even use it. >> Yeah, cuz you scroll and there's um it's only like edits because they're trying to push cap cut um like cap cut templates and then it's >> um >> just Tik Tok shop ads and then it's sponsored post and then occasionally you'll see like a viral video or like a normal viral video that's not an ad. >> But Instagram it's like there's no ads on it. There's no shop. Um, a big one too is I think they silence so many, this is just my opinion from like having a predominantly male audience. Uh, like they silence so many conservative creators on Tik Tok and like anyone in the conservative politics side or like any like alpha masculine stuff that they all went to Instagram. So like Tik Tok is kind of girls um and then Instagram is kind of guys. I don't know. >> I agree with that. >> Yeah. But I think Instagram, this isn't a word, but I think Instagram is like Tik Tokifying itself. I think the value of a follower has decreased cuz I think more people treat the reals tab like a for you page >> and it's kind of getting like a little more like Tik Tok. I would think Instagram your followers are way more valuable than they are on Tik Tok. Cuz on Tik Tok people will follow you but they only go on the for you page. So they won't like see you really ever again. But Instagram followers a little bit more loyal. But I think the real tab is kind of turning into the for you page. >> Yeah, I agree. >> But I still think like Instagram all day like will change your business. So yeah, >> YouTube shorts sucks. My personal opinion. I don't know. >> Actually, I just hit 100K in my personal YouTube. Can't wait to get my plaque. >> Nice. Um but yeah, the YouTube algorithm is so weird. It doesn't make any sense. I do think too like I've seen people ruin their YouTube pages from posting shorts and getting followers from shorts that like they're they won't watch their long form videos so they won't get pushed out. >> 100%. I mean me me the big mistake I made with this podcast is that I had a crime niche and then I didn't make a new channel. Um you probably saw that and were like what is this guy doing? >> No. My dad So my dad was like so he's like into crime and I was like no he used to do that. Like it's not like that anymore. Well, the goal of the podcast originally was to do famous crime cases of people, but I couldn't get anyone. >> So, I just switched it to business. >> So, it just became business. I was like, I'm more more interested in business anyway. >> And then some videos started to work, but even my viral ones, like I have a couple podcasts with like a million views, and they all the viewers are old viewers from the crime channel, which is so strange. It's just people who so happen to watch that video. >> Yeah, YouTube algo is kind of strange. How important are Instagram stories? And do you have any like advice for Instagram stories? >> Yeah, so I like I love Instagram stories. I think they're the best way for leads and like you can be pretty salesy on stories cuz like your uh most loyal followers are going to be looking at your stories every single day. So, if you post personal content and then also just social proof of results your product or service has gotten before and after pictures, not written, you will get leads if you just link your landing page or you put a many chat CTA on the story. So, I would post a story a day with some sort of social proof or before and after or lead results of clients. >> What's the most amount of money you've made from an Instagram story? Oh, it's like very like I would say 500 clicks a day is like what I get from stories to the landing page and like it's just so consistent. I I I don't know the exact metrics on what that converts into. We are setting up tracking right now, but that is one I should set up because I don't know, >> but it could be maybe 3,000 6,000 a day if those clicks led to one client, something like that. >> Okay. And then stories. Um, do you have like an email list set up? >> Yeah, but I don't I don't really do it very often. I should do it like I should be better. I have an email list and for a while I did it like weekly, but I just kind of stopped writing emails. >> Yeah, it it's something someone was telling me to do cuz it's a valuable way to own your audience. >> It is. It is. And I know I should do it and the Hermosi team always says to do it, but I I >> Do you collect emails on the landing page? >> Mhm. So for like some freebies, I will just link directly to like the freebie so they can get it right away. But for like the a thousand hooks one, they have to opt in. So that's where we will collect the emails. >> Did you Were you the person that made the video that it was like it might have been someone else. It's like here's how you set up a mini chat automation that makes them follow you first. >> No, I haven't done that. >> Gotcha. That was something I did recently that started converting crazy. >> I had no idea that was a thing. Is that a thing? Okay, I'm writing this down, too. Okay. >> Um, yeah. >> Wow, that's crazy. >> I did that on the Hormosi when he collab posted me and I was gaining >> that video got like 3 million views, right? >> So, the original account it was gaining like it had a million in 2 hours. Um, and he collab posted it and then it started gaining me like 2,000 followers every like 10 minutes. Um, and then the account got banned that day and I was like, geez, that was so inconvenient timing. But >> yeah, I changed it. It used to be like collect an email um for the newsletter, but I was like, I'd rather have people follow me. >> Wow, I did not know that was a thing. So, they just have to follow you and then they get the freebie or what? >> Yeah, it's like um make sure you're following me so I can send this to you and then >> Oh, so it's like is it is it like um a button they have to click or is it just like a message and once they follow you it will trigger? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's if they don't follow, um, it goes, "Make sure you're following me so I can send it to you." And then they click just followed after they do it and then they get it >> and then if they already follow you, they get it right away. >> Okay. Wow. That is so genius. >> Yeah. Um, that's been pretty helpful for us. But do you have any uh just personal curiosity like ideas for marketing a podcast uh with short form content? Like how would you be thinking about it? >> I would do exactly what you're doing. clipping like collabing with the people because especially because of the like highc caliber guest you have on. >> How do you feel about the uh I've been making it was for my old page but I've been making some content that's like uh here's what Alex Ramoszi taught me in 144 minutes or like this is what I I flew to Vegas to see Alex Ramos and here's what he told me. Like do you think those videos are important for getting people to care about long form content or do you think just the clips is what you would think about? No, >> I would do a mix of both. But I mean, how many videos of those have you done in the past and how have they done? >> I've done like five or six marketing videos and they all got like several hundred thousand or like a million >> Okay. If it's working then just double down on it. >> Yeah. I I just I couldn't tell if like I think about congruency a lot. Like people see this thing and they want more of this thing. So I'm like how does me talking about doing a podcast make them want to watch it? I guess was my thought. But I don't know. I guess just a general question like how do you make people care about you and like how do you build like a cult on social media? >> Or do you just think about it from um this is the video convert to this funnel? I would say obviously make valuable educational content, but like if you look at Hermosy for example, he like is just or Leela like they are just people. You get to love their personality and like all their little quirks and over time like you learn so much from them and like you just know them for certain things and that's kind of like how you make people love you. just showing your personal like your personality in your videos, just not being fake. >> Like the sweatuits and stuff like that's just my thing. And I think those little things just add up. But like you have to you have to post for a long time and you just have to be consistent with the things you do. But like I think those little things that people notice that just is comes with like posting for But I like I'm trying to think of a good example like there's this one girl in the fitness niche I love because in her videos she talks about like volume eating for example but she'll like post like or she'll add little like meme what are they called like sound effects within her videos and it just makes it so funny and like you can just tell she's a funny person. She has like a very strong Irish accent and like I've only seen like three of her videos, but that made me follow her cuz I just kept seeing it and I I don't really follow many people and like just those little things um just made me like really like her personality even though she was sharing the same advice as a lot of other people. >> Do you think those things are important for making money though? Like the having different elements of your brand? I talked to Alex about this and I was like, "Do you think it makes you more money that you talk about fitness um and like your nutrition and what kind of clothes you wear?" Um, and he kind of hinted at no, not really. >> Yeah, cuz he used to post more about that stuff, but then he basically said he got the least amount of leads from that stuff. So, I think really obviously focusing on your niche and your content, but adding those little things in within like videos about your main thing. So, like I talk about Ben occasionally, but only in videos that primarily are talking about like what I do or business cuz I never want people to follow me just for Ben because that's not what I post about. >> How do you use AI in Chad GBT to go viral? Um, I would say the biggest mistake is using it to write your scripts. Um, we'll see people doing that a lot. You can use it for research. I think it's great for research, but using it to write your scripts, I wouldn't recommend unless like you completely refine it after. But I think it's great for research or for example we'll do like clone videos where it's like you're comparing like I said like with Carl the two franchises and you're getting all the numbers and it's like okay you have Burger King, you have McDonald's, you need to like how much do you have to invest in each franchise up front. What's the first year of revenue look like and all these things you can just type in like a prompt and it will just give you that information right away instead of having to manually research it like on 50 different sites. So yeah, it makes research a lot faster. >> How about you specifically for your business? Like what's been the most uh useful way you've used AI? It might be a similar answer, but like how do you use it on a day-to-day basis? >> Yeah. So for copywriting research, but for editing, I think it's super it's super helpful. And I think I'm excited for it to get to a point with editing where, you know, it will cut down the process and the time a lot more because I feel like editing still takes forever, especially with more customized editing styles. But auto captions, that was already a huge game changer and that came out like years ago. So yeah, it's only been getting better, but I'm excited for the day where it can take over editing. >> What does it do for you now? just automatically cut the silences or >> um I would say like auto captions and then some editing styles it can do but you have to kind of refine it a lot after um but it's been helpful with that but since like short form is kind of different like I could see it in a long form podcast cutting out all the silences or the ones that like automatically switch the camera to whoever's talking can be so helpful. >> Yeah, that's that's how we've used it particularly. Um I'm kind of picky with it though and tell my editors to redo it. There's one called Autopod that's fairly good. >> Oh, >> yeah. I have someone in the podcast niche and we literally just wrote a script about that, >> like how to use it. But yeah, >> interesting. >> And like what do you think? >> Yeah, it's just uh >> it's not it's not great cuz I'm just picky about how I want it. >> Like I want like I think about a lot of content from the emotional perspective. Like if I say something profound, >> I would have the camera cut to your face there. But the AI is not going to do that automatically, you know, um because >> like the good content is in things that AI can't pick up right now. I wish there was prompts you could write >> like uh edit this video and remove anything that's like emotionally uninteresting and like I wish it could pick up things like that. Um or like remove everything about this topic or remove like when they speak in this tone. Um that kind of stuff would be nice with AI. But >> have you played with any of like the Google VO uh stuff yet? >> No, I haven't. >> Gotcha. Yeah, I played with that yesterday or the day before. Um >> what exactly is that? >> It basically it's the first AI that can make videos from prompts with speech. >> Oh. >> So I could like make a video of us talking on this podcast. It wouldn't look like us. Um but it could say things in a very conversational way. Um you used to be like you could do that before but you would have to like use different softwares. But it's the and labs and stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> But it's the first time that you can like straight prompt to videos of people like interviewing each other or like talking about a product. Um >> it's kind of scary. >> Yeah. You I'll have to show clips of it. Uh it's really like realistic looking. Um >> yeah, I've seen I saw this video today and it was like so random. It's like a 2023 AI video of Will Smith eating spaghetti and the 2025 version. And it's crazy like how much AI's improved. >> What's one small detail in a video that makes a huge difference? >> I would say getting to the value as quick as possible. Obviously that kind of sounds so obvious, but a lot of times with short form content, people will say the hook and then they'll say like four other things and then they'll get into the value. Just get to the value straight away right after the hook. And then also, I guess just some more little things, making sure like putting your script in Hemingway, which is just a site and you can make it under a fifth grade level so a lot of people can understand it. And then also cutting out like kind of similar to my first point, but all the fluff. So every single unneeded word or sentence, just cut out. >> Why the fifth grade reading level? >> Because people are stupid. Like most people are stupid and they won't understand it. So just make it dumb. And then why like fifth grade specifically though? Like >> because most people like statistically in the US are under a fifth grade reading level. >> Yeah, that is why. >> Yeah. So you got engaged at 16. >> Do you think everyone should marry their high school sweetheart? >> Oh, hell no. No. Uh I just think I got so lucky with Ben. It's just so rare to meet someone young who is literally like the boy version of you. um who loves business, who loves working out, who is also kind of introverted, who just has the same like religion, political beliefs, literally everything the same. Um so we kind of knew right away like we did all this hard stuff together. We all had all the the same values. We were each other's best friends. So it's like who else would I ever marry in my life than Ben? So it just made sense. But I I think if like you just like love each other or you're just attracted to each other, which that's like a lot of what high school relationships see and you don't have like other things, then no. >> What are the benefits of getting married so young? I mean a lot of people were like why? But we were just kind of like why the hell not? Um, I don't think there's like specifically I don't know like special benefits about getting married young, but it's just like something beautiful about committing yourself to one person for the rest of your life and just like knowing that, you know, I just knew from the start obviously that me and Ben were going to be together for life, but I think it was just such a rare situation. >> When did you first meet him? >> Uh, 14. He like was like the new guy at school freshman year. So yeah, snatch that up. >> So funny. It reminds me of my friend Bailey in high school. Um she there was this new guy at school and she was like 14 and all the girls were talking about him and she's like Dibs. And then she like went up to him and they dated from >> age 14 all the way to uh like through high school and then they got married like as soon as they got out of high school. and like she was just so like uh locked in on him. Um >> exactly the same. >> What's something you had to unlearn about content that you used to think was true? >> Think on this one. >> Yeah. So, I used to think that you had to make videos like complex, I guess. Well, you're like sharing the value, but like you need to make it you need to shove as much value as you can in a video. I used to think like you had to make content that was super super high value that no other people were talking about and you just got to dumb it down. Kind of what I was saying earlier, but you just don't want to make it complex. You don't have to sound super smart like when you're trying to do it. That's not the goal. The goal is to get the viewer to understand what you're talking about. So just weigh dumbing it down and not shoving so much value in a video but just focusing on one concept and making it really easy to understand. >> People don't care how smart you are. >> Yeah. No one cares. >> They just want to like get the value from the thing. >> That's a good one actually. Um >> yeah, cuz we've had people come to us and they just want to speak in like their target audience is like lingo, but they might not know the lingo or they're like, "We have to make this for one person, but they're treating it like ads. This is organic social media. You have to be super broad so you can appeal to a ton of people and then you niche in the CTA, but people are going a niche hook." So they're like, "Uh, do you have back pain?" and you're like, actually, no, that's not a good example. It's um, you know, do you live in, you know, insert small town in your whatever. Like, you don't want to do that. This is not an ad. Like, you want to start off very broad. They call it like the broad narrow niche framework. A super broad hook to apply to a ton of people. Narrow value that applies to your target audience, but also a big group of people. And then a niche hook. So, I mean, a niche CTA, so you're only getting your target audience as leads. H >> because that way you get high watch time and if you like you niche it down, you're going to have no watch time because people are going to scroll. So that's probably it. >> That's good. Um if we had to make if we had to craft like the perfect video right now for a podcast like uh I think it would be very helpful to the viewers to like actionably see what you might do. Uh so let's just take it about your story. like what would be like the perfect question to ask you that like you think would be viral? >> Probably something with a hook that was results based which was like if you had to go from zero to 500k in 6 months what would you do in like 60 seconds and then I would break it down like step one, step two, step three, step four. Very actionable, very tangible. And then that would probably be it. just like a CTA to follow or something. But >> interesting. Let's try it for science purposes. If you had to go from zero to a million dollars a month, No, no, no. It'd be if you had to go from if you had to go from if you had to go from zero to a million dollars in six months, how would you do it? >> Do you want me to answer? >> Sure. >> Okay. So, it's gonna be kind of repeat from what we talked about, but I'll just answer. explore page. I would hit the search bar. I would type in my niche and then I would click the reals tab and I would save like a hundred videos over a million views. Then I would step two take the hooks from those videos and the value or the general topic of those videos and I would write 30 scripts basically with those viral hooks but my own niche expertise as the value. I would post those videos every single day on one account and I would just repeat that over and over again until I got my first viral video and then I would step three double down on that viral video, the hook that was used, the topic that was talked about. Um, and I would just change the formats up and I would just keep posting that and you will grow. >> Okay. So, it's it you were talking about followers. I was thinking you were talking about was that about dollars or >> No, it's followers. >> Followers. Okay. That's what I would do for followers. >> For a million followers. Okay. Got it. Okay. >> I would add visuals to that. So like if I'm explaining the research process, like add a screen recording doing that. >> H got it. Yeah, that was pretty good. That was interesting watching you do it. Uh because it was like >> that's like my unscripted like I'm so bad on scripted. I won't lie. >> Same. Honestly. Um >> but that was like my 7.9 million view video. >> Huh. >> The hook was what was it? Not to flex, but I'm pretty I I don't know if I can swear on this. >> No, no, you can. >> Okay. It was not to flex, but I'm pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media marketing. And then the written hook was that what what you just said, the hook for that. And then the value of the video was a step-by-step breakdown I just gave, but a lot better um because it was scripted. And then a CTA. >> So I might say, "How are you so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at social media?" And that would be like viral. What? The cursing thing is really interesting. Um I've noticed like a lot of your videos you curse in the >> Yeah, I I won't lie. I swear like a sailor. >> I've been trying to be really good here cuz I didn't know and I want to be >> You can cuss a lot. I I assumed you were Christian so you did it or something. >> But like that is my one thing I'm like terrible at. >> Yeah, cuz like I just was with a friend group that started cursing when they were 12. So I've just been doing it for so long. But I'm trying to be better. >> so to break down like what you just did there, like it seemed like your tonality and speeding like your the speed at which you said the words change. Like do you try to get in things quickly? >> Yeah, with shorts you got to talk fast and I always try like with my tone. I call it like the know-it-all tone. That's kind of what I go for in my content and it works really well. But I also need to talk fast especially when you're giving a huge breakdown like that to keep it under 60 seconds. >> Yeah. It seems like there's a lot of confidence like that you're the authority. Is that something you like worked on or is it just kind of what you had naturally? >> Uh yeah, it's definitely something I worked on, but like not really intentionally. When I first started content, I literally screamed at the camera like cuz that I was just like I didn't have a mic so I was like talking so loud and it's terrible to look back at. But yeah, I think over time and just like because of the results I've gotten, I've just been a lot more confident and I just know what I'm saying is what works. >> Maybe you won't be able to speak about all these, but uh what are some opportunities you've turned down on Yeah. The only thing I've ever promoted on social media was personal brand launch. Like I don't do I get I mean you probably are the same. I get so many emails about services like big brands of just like ManyHat, Adobe, all like Whoop, the newest one. I think >> the Whoop bracelet or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's what it is. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Iman Godzy's thing. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. All those I just turn down just cuz I know it will distract me. And I hate being like under someone else's control like having to do stuff for other people that like the service >> do that in the past. >> It's interesting that you know that because it's something I haven't really like but it's if you do do brand deals you kind of subjugate yourself to oh now I can't talk about these set of things if I want these to continue. Interesting. So it was never like your dream to be like influencer girl with all these sponsors. >> No >> no >> I hate traveling. You hate traveling? >> Have you been like outside the US? >> Yeah, I hate traveling. I'm such a homebody. >> Yeah. You have to travel a lot for podcast. It's >> Yeah, I can imagine >> cuz you usually go to guest cuz like I mean when you're talking to people like Andrew or like all these other people, >> you probably have to travel a lot. >> Yeah, this is a logistically tough business. I think you would >> I would hate it. hate this business >> interviews like with Yeah. I don't >> Yeah. It's like always trying to like book a like she's like Jack, can we please book the hotel like two days in advance and the plane tickets at least 2 days in advance. I'm like no I can't get it until this guest says it in this wording that they're doing it. Like you can't even prepare the research until >> like I I I don't know until it's just a very obvious message that states they're going to do it and they have a time in mind. you know, someone like you. I was like, "Okay, this will be easy." Like, she's going to be here on time. She'll probably be here earlier. Like, >> yeah, I was actually here like 30 minutes ago, but I just sat in the car. >> Funny enough, the earliest um the person who arrived earliest to the podcast ever was Andrew Tate. >> Really? >> Yeah. He arrived like 30, 45 minutes early before his team even got there. Um and we're like, "Bro, what are you doing here?" Like, it's so confusing. >> That's impressive. >> Um but yeah, like no, everyone else is like so late. >> Yeah. like difference between girls and guys. >> We haven't had an extreme amount of girls. Like it's really just been Candace Owens, Laya Hermoszi, and then the top two girls from Beast Games. Jenny Hoyos. You know, Jenny Hoyos, she's like watch her episode with you. And she Yeah, I've known her before the episode that I watched, but yeah, she's incredible. >> Yeah, I think every girl has been pretty on time. Yeah, that that's never been an issue actually. I've noticed just like with this might be controversial, but I do love working with girls and women specifically just because they seem to have a lot more attention to detail and they care more and they're more personable and like when I've worked with men in the past, they just end up getting let go because they don't care as much and like the client doesn't like that and I've just I've had like girl and guy account managers and I'm not opposed to hiring a guy account manager. >> I would only hire girl account managers who had your business. >> Every single guy I've ever had as an account manager has gotten let go. >> Interesting. Are there any roles in the company that are like guy specific? Usually probably the editors >> sales >> and editors. There are quite a few editors that are male. Yeah, for sure. I would say primarily male editors, but sales, I mean, we've had girls in the past, but um we only had actually one, but she like lasted maybe a week and a half. Um but the guys like they just crush. I feel like they're so hungry >> and since the commissions are in their control, like they control how much commissions they get, like how many people they close, so they're just so much more motivated and I think they're really good at sales. >> Yeah. The sales rep I spoke with from your company was really good. He like recognized immediately that I wasn't going to buy and like >> just >> It might have been Joe or Charles or was it like an older man like maybe not older man but like 40s? >> I can't remember. or I feel like it was on Zoom without his face or maybe it was just on a phone call. Um, but he just identified quickly that I wasn't buying and then stopped giving like the information about the program or something and I was like, >> you're smart. Um, but >> that's interesting. Have you was it hard for you to hire sales people for the company or did you just have a lot of experience with uh like doing over the phone sales for the real estate? Honestly, I feel like sales is just one of the ones where you hire people who aren't super set in their ways. They're a little more like you usually hire people who are more experienced at their skill set. But with sales, what's great about it is you can hire someone who hasn't really done it too much before, but they're hungry and they don't have all the bad habits that most sales reps have because they aren't trained, right? >> Do you guys have a fairly high close rate? Yeah. I mean, I would say it's average, like 40%. >> I don't know if that's average. Is that average? I feel like that's particularly high. >> Oh, I don't know. I mean, when I go to the workshops at Hermosi, like that's what they say. Like they Well, from what whenever I tell them mine or cuz like sometimes we'll talk more about sales, sometimes we'll talk more about marketing, but usually when we talk about sales, they say what I have is like pretty standard. H. And that's like a warm lead or a cold lead or >> warm. Warm. All of my leads are like very warm. People who've been watching my social media for probably months at least. >> And how do you filter that out? >> What do you mean? >> Like uh they go to VSSL and do they get on the call immediately or how does it work? >> So my funnel is the many chat comment. They get DM'd the landing page and then there is like so much like a social proof on the landing page, kind of a process breakdown, benefits, results, all that stuff. And then they can book a call and then after they book, there's a VSSL before the call. >> What are like some things you definitely should not do on Instagram that people do to try and grow? Like buying followers, buying >> Oh my god, that will destroy your account. M >> we have so many people who like not so many people but we've had a few that have bought followers and like it just destroys your account. Like if you buy it just make a new account. Give up on the account because it will destroy your account. >> H what are some other things that will hurt the account? We talked about posting outside of the US. >> Yeah. So like posting on a third party platform um just to Instagram specifically. it just won't do well even if it's a great post. Or I would say never fall for like the engagement hacks that you have to do like oh you have to engage 15 minutes a day or you have to do XYZ comments after you post a video or you have to post at XYZ time. All that's BS. Don't even listen. Um let's see what else. I guess like just when you kind of like we talked about earlier, if you're in the fitness niche and you post a video about I don't know like your cat, it won't do well if your audience like if you built up an audience for people who follow you for fitness. >> Does that matter on Instagram anymore though? >> Um I would say still yes cuz like when I try if I ever try posting social media stuff on my personal page it just won't do well. >> H interesting. >> Yeah. What's one question you wish people would ask you about social media, but they don't? >> Probably what do I not need to do? Because I think on social media, unfortunately, especially in my niche, like there's so many things that are promoted that you should do. Like so many things that people think they have to do to grow an account. Like I was talking about earlier, like engaging on social media and stuff like that. I think people should ask more about like what they can eliminate. Um I think because with our even like with our company processes, we always are trying to figure out like what we can subtract or automate to make our lives easier because there's so much noise and so many fake things that you don't even need to do. And like there was like during my huge growth phase, I didn't even have time to go on Instagram at all. Like I wouldn't even engage on the platform. my assistant posted for me, so I wouldn't even be on it and I still grew. So, there's just probably What do I not need to do? >> It's a really good answer. Uh, do you scroll on uh Instagram consistently to like always try to stay in the know of what's going on or do you not find that important? >> I used to not as much, but now lately I have been. Um, especially like making that a thousand hooks lead magnet. I guess that just changed everything. So now I kind of make it I have on my literal like to-do list every single day 20 minutes of intentional scrolling and that's I will for like 20 minutes a day, but strictly for either to learn stuff and post stuff about content if I'm seeing like a trend or something that's working for business owners or stuff that we can do for clients. Like do you ever try to invent anything like new ideas like nothing that's like technical statistically proven to be an outlier? >> Yes. And sometimes it works I would say cuz like on my personal page I got engaged at 16 wasn't something I studied >> or that 50 million view video that wasn't something that I studied. It was just something I had a really good feeling would do well because it's so controversial. >> Yeah. I have noticed a lot of my really big ones have been out of the box that I haven't seen anywhere, but it's usually taken from somewhere, you know, like you can usually tie back and be like, "Oh, I took it from this person." Like you probably saw this video. I had like a compilation of guests saying, "Good question. That's a good question." >> I did see that video. >> I think that's when I So, like I obviously knew about you, but I saw that video specifically and that's why I followed your like original Jack account. like the just the Jack one. >> What made you follow it just >> that video? >> Just because like you're like, "Oh, that's good marketing." Or like you're like, "Oh, he's had all these guests." Like what made you >> Well, I've seen your face like a million times and then I saw this really good piece of short form content and whenever I see, you know, like people with good content that I can also like use for myself as inspiration or for clients as inspiration, I'll always follow. >> Yeah. Cuz I asked, it's so funny. Um I talked about this. It's a really meta concept that that after that video came out, all the guests started saying good question on the podcast. Um like >> I think I've already said it. >> Yes. Like at a really high rate and then every single comment on my videos were like dang this guy asked good questions. Like um people would say to me in person like, "Bro, your podcast is great. Like you ask such good questions." I'm like >> like you this didn't used to happen. It's like you're implanting you're literally influencing people's um opinions. You know what I've noticed about you is like you're very neutral on podcast. Like I feel like you're very calm and like you don't force your opinions on people or you don't judge people for what they say or anything which I feel like is rare cuz people always want to talk and always want to like influence I guess their opinion on people's answers. But I really like you as a host for that reason. >> I appreciate that. Yeah, that's been a really intentional decision. Um, >> like we haven't uh hosted some of our past controversial guests a second time because we didn't want to fall too much into a niche. But >> yeah, I think there's a lot of power in being neutral. Um, I think it creates better content if people feel comfortable that this person >> like you don't know if I'm like have certain political beliefs, but you know that I talk to a lot of people with a different with a lot of different types of ones. Um, >> yeah. Actually, I have a question about one of your guests. You don't have to add this in, but you did the one I forget his name. He's like the very religious one. >> Cliff and Stewart Connectley. >> Yeah, I listened to that. I really enjoyed that. That was like one of my favorites. >> Yeah, they're really great. Um that was a >> they're so like I just love how they always reference like the Bible and stories and yeah, >> that was a tough one. It's so funny with podcast that like the amount of preparation you do for each one is so vastly different. uh like something like this since you didn't have many interviews and I already already understand social media a bit like it's less prep required than Cliff and Stewart which is study the entire history of the Bible and Judaism and Islam and like cross-co compare everything and then come at them with questions you know or like >> I don't know Robert Green we're having on next week like 48 laws of power and it's like read all of his books ever you know and then like study all the historical figures who've used it. It's It's a really funny one. Um >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially like people like Hermoszi cuz like if you don't consume his content or his books like there's so much out there that you'd have to >> That was tough too. Him and Tate like I watched every podcast they've been on to make sure there was there was stuff they hadn't heard. >> Horosi is the hardest person to interview ever by the way >> cuz the way he thinks it's like >> I'm like would this I'm like would your businesses have been more successful if you prioritized your relationship sooner? He's like, "I don't know." >> I don't I don't really think about it. Like he won't think about anything in the past, you know? Um >> and then he's like, "That word doesn't make sense to me." Um >> yeah, I listened to that episode. That was funny. There was just like some of those like very short answers and you're like, "Okay, next question." >> Yeah. Um >> Mhm. I did like how you like switched up the last question and I'm pretty sure that's a real that did well for you. >> Yeah, that was the one they collab posted that was doing pretty well. Um, >> cuz even before this, I like made it a daily habit to listen to your podcast at the gym. So, I like have my notes up and I just have random facts about you. I I studied you before I came here, too. >> I've never had anyone do that. Yeah. I think one other person who was CIA said they watched the podcast. Uh, that's pretty rare, actually, that people are like, "Oh, yeah. I've been watching it." Um, >> why shouldn't you copy big creators? >> Because people will know. Like you see copycats of like huge people in every single niche and think about how embarrassing it is for people to see that video that you've created and been like, "Oh, this is just a copy of XYZ." Like, copy the hooks cuz those work and they probably copied hooks, too. But make sure your value is different because if you are just copying other people, then you don't really know anything or you don't look like an authority. And if you if one person sees you copy a video, you are like ruined. Your reputation is ruined in their mind forever. They won't trust anything you say because they'll just think it's copied from another person. >> How many people should you copy for one video? Should it be like five different things from five different people? How do you think about that? >> Um, I always recommend like if you're posting as a business owner, some of that value and education should just be from your own personal experience and the results you've gotten. But obviously, if you're like an educator on like a like a crime, for example, like what you kind of used to do, you don't make that up. That's just like based off of resources. So, I would just say multiple at least three if you're making like a short about it, but also just because if you're doing like something like crime, there's going to be so much different information everywhere, so you kind of need to cross check things anyway. >> What inspired you to do um your niche? >> Um, >> was there anyone in particular doing it at the time at a high level? Oh, I yeah, I would say there's people like who like specialized in Instagram growth, but it wasn't necessarily like short form content based, but I just I love it. It's so interesting to me and I love marketing in general. Like I love people like Russell Brunson, a huge fan of him and anyone who just talks about funnels and how that works. So, I think it was just an appeal to the niche. But yeah, it kind of just all started from just posting shorts as well. Did you go to his events back in the day? >> No, I was too young. >> And now like does he do events anymore? >> Probably funnel hacker, but like I don't use clickfunnels so or anything but I used to >> use go high level. >> Yeah, I use go high level now. >> Who's that made by? >> I have no idea. But it's really good for like agencies. >> What's one part of your childhood that you feel is really important to understand you and who you are today? >> Yeah. So, we talked a little bit about loyalty so far. And I think growing up, I grew up surrounded by men who lied, cheated on their partner, watched porn, and had wandering eyes. And I grew up surrounded by women who accepted it and said, "Ava, that is just what men do. Ava, that's just a guy thing." And I refuse to believe that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like men are resp like men are in control of what they do. Um, and I think growing up surrounded by people like that, it just made me really really know that I could never be with a partner who does those sort of things. And there's this verse in the Bible. It's like, but if he looks at another woman less flee, he's already committed adultery in his heart. If your right eye causes you to stumble, gouge it out and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. If your right hand causes you to stumble, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better for you to lose one part of your body than have your entire body thrown into hell. And it's basically saying that mentally lusting after someone and physically being with after like with someone and kind of doing those acts while you still have a partner, that's they're all cheating. There's not like certain levels. One's not worse than the other. It's all cheating. And I think we live in a society today where there's just so much access. So you're really able to see it's like a blessing and a curse because you're really able to see with all that access like who is truly loyal and like >> And where do your morals come from? Like have you always been religious from a young age? >> Um yeah. So my parents my parents are amazing by the way. like they raised me to be I had older parents. They had me in their 40s, so they're older and I think them just being wiser when they raised me. Definitely helped with who I am now. But they were always very consistent with things like church. Um obviously had like a rebellious phase when I was like 13, 14, but I like didn't want to go to church. My church was boring, but now I'm like very dedicated. Every Sunday I'm there. >> Christian, Catholic, or >> Lutheran. >> But I'm not like I could be any, but I just go to a Lutheran church. >> That makes sense. >> And then you grew up with sisters, brothers, or >> Yeah, I have an older sister. >> Got it. Is she like on a similar entrepreneurial path or is that >> She's like We're kind of like equal opposites. She She's redhead. We look nothing alike, but she is very dedicated. But when it comes to school, like 4.0, straight A's, graduated with honor. She just graduated college this past um in May. So, but she's like going to be the best employee. Like, she is just I want her, but I know she'll never work for me. >> Very similar situation with my sister. Yeah. She's like she's about to graduate college. She's like an becoming like a doctor of neuroscience. But like >> wow. >> She I wanted her to work for me when I was like 18 19 like to be a writer for the crime channel cuz she's the only person that can write like me. I think like genetically speaking like it makes sense that she can kind of like think like me. Um but she's just we just clash super hard. Um >> but what's your take on college as a 20-year-old that makes $700,000 a month? I mean personally I hire based on experience not a degree. If you have results that is all I care about and the best companies actually I would say bigger companies care about college like Google, Amazon but I would say a majority of businesses don't care about that. They care about results that you've generated. And then personally, I think if you're not getting a degree, like if you want a job that doesn't need a degree, then don't go to college. But if you want to be a dentist or a vet, go to college. But anything else, just start right when you graduate. So then you can fail and live with your parents until you succeed. And you'll have all those four years just to fail, fail, fail, and you'll you'll eventually succeed. Um, but I think college is a waste of time and money if you're not using the degree you get. >> Finding success at a young age. I spoke to Aman Godsy about this and he said that the one regret he had was >> Oh, I know where you're going with this. >> Just kind of like >> never got to experience uh going to parties and like having friends and that kind of thing. Has that never really been a concern for you? And just if you knew that you were guaranteed success at an older age, do you think you would have lived differently when you were younger? >> I before I met or before I got together with Ben, I kind of had that phase of I just I I wouldn't say to the extent you would have in college because I was still pretty young, but just not doing the best stuff um or just being too young to do certain things. But I kind of had that like party phase and I just looking back am I wouldn't say ashamed but I'm just not proud of her >> and I wouldn't really want to be her. So, it just depends like if you know drinking and doing that stuff is like what you think you'll look back on and that will be the good old days for you, then yes, go to college, do your thing. But I don't know. I I personally think I'm probably have such a niche opinion on it. So, I most people probably wouldn't agree, but I just I don't want my life to be I don't want to ever be like that again. >> What's like the part of your life that you're like most look forward to every day like in your routine? Um, is there like anything that's super exciting for you or is there anything like upcoming that you and Ben are doing that you're really excited for? >> Yeah, I would say I have two parts of my day that I love. I love working in the morning. Um, drinking my coffee, being alone, and just like getting to do what I love. I think that's my favorite part of the day. And then I love after work just hanging out with Ben. And whether like we're hanging out or I love to read. That's like my one like guilty pleasure. I will read all the time. Not like business books, like just like regular books. And I just love reading. Um, and there's this thing it's called book or like book talk or book Instagram where people just talk about books. I love that. Um, yeah, that's my thing. But anything with Ben. Um, and I would say like this might sound depressing, but like I just have like very few friends. Just have a couple like may I would even like there's friends from high school that now go to college that like we'll hang out maybe three times a year. Those are like my friends, but like my true one friend is just Ben. >> But I love Ben and I only need Ben. So, >> do you give a lot of merit to IQ and success level um when it comes to social media or business? Like have you done IQ test? >> Honestly, no >> really. Like Alex and Ila would say they don't consider IQ that important, but um I'm curious if you like think about it with your relationships if it's important for you to be a successful entrepreneur. Um, I would say it's more just about like the person, their morals, and just basically when you look at someone, never believe what they say. Just believe their actions and the results they've gotten people and what they do daily. And that's what I judge people by. And that's how I also hire people. So like, you're not allowed to ask in interviews, do you go to the gym? But that's illegal. But you can ask them like, "Oh, what are your hobbies? Like, what do you do dayto-day?" Stuff like that. And you can just see based off of that. Like what kind of person they are. >> That's a really good piece of advice. Yeah. For interviews, what other things do you ask that have been like golden questions? >> Yeah. So, something I have done for a very long time, which I love, it's not necessarily a question, but I do tests. So, for like copywriting positions or editor positions, we'll just do paid tests. Um, after we we'll do like the application, we'll do a paid test and then if they pass that, we'll do culture fit interview. >> What kind of test? >> Just like if it's an editor position, we'll have them edit a short for the test. >> Okay. Okay. You mean Yeah. Gotcha. I thought you meant like personality test, but you mean like kind of like a trial literal test. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, and those work super well just to weed people out because some people I mean I'm I can easily spot it now, but they'll just use Chad GBT on their application. So then they don't actually know anything. Um, so you can see with test and weed people out really well. Um, so that is my best my best hack. >> How do you know if someone is using chat GBT when messaging you something? >> Here are the phrases. Here's the truth. Um, skyrocket. I'm sorry. I'm trying to think of all like the terms you hear when Chachi writes something. Um, but here's the secret. It just says like you can I can now recognize like how it talks and like how it word stuff or like things like the double dash. >> Double dash is >> clos like I see that in applications all the time. Immediately skip. >> It's unfortunate because I use the double dash in my writing and now I'm like damn it people think I'm using Chachi BT. But >> yeah, we had an issue with that. Um, clients were thinking that and we were like oh my god shoot. So we in our SOP it says no double dashes. >> That was something I was going to ask you about, but I didn't want to make you look bad. Is like it like can this all just be automated with chatbt or is it like actual grunt work? >> I mean it's all grunt right now. If one day it would be as effective, yes, that'd be great. But right now it's just not. >> I've never been able to successfully train Chap Chad GBT to write how I write. >> Yeah, me neither. I was able to at first when it came out like fairly well and then it just got worse over time. Like I noticed chat like I don't know. It was like it had too much. >> I don't know. I think they dumb down the model honestly um to make them more money. Probably makes sense. >> But >> who's the most impressive person you've ever met? >> Probably Alex Heroszi in person. H. >> And you've never observed anyone aside from Alex perhaps that actually >> No one I've met. If we're talking about like the question was, have you ever met, you know, someone >> or seen someone like that? No, I haven't. Besides Alex. I I haven't personally talked to Leela, but I bet she's the same way. >> She definitely was. Yeah. Um >> it it was interesting meeting those two for sure. They're very different, but >> they work well together. >> Yeah. I think a lot of people assume they have different beliefs for some reason, but it's all pretty much the exact same stuff. >> Yeah. I think they have the same beliefs and then her their skill sets obviously you're if you listen to both of their episodes with you, they're both about very different kind of parts. Like he's obviously the visionary and then you know she kind of implements but like they would just obviously that works perfectly together. And then I guess last question here. Uh, what's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> Treat everybody like they're an undercover Jesus. You'll notice how much better and kinder you are to people. >> Treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. Where did you hear that? >> Some religious person online. I I don't remember who exactly, but all I know is little advice sticks, but that really has cuz I used to just be the type of person who would like never compliment people, like strangers, never compliment strangers. I would just put my head down if I was walking past someone so I didn't have to smile. But it's definitely changed the way I even handle like little interactions dayto-day. >> How else have you found it useful? Yeah. I would never say like I was ever a mean person. Like I'm always kind of a people pleaser, but I find now that I'll go a lot more out of my way to make people on my team or Ben or just anyone I interact with like just treat them better and leave a the best impression I can. I can't explain it. Just treat everyone like they're an undercover Jesus. It'll change your life. Well, everyone, uh, this has been your guest, Ava Jurgens. Uh, where can people find you really quick? >> Personal brand Launch on Instagram or A Jurgens on Instagram and pretty much all other platforms. >> This is the Jagil podcast. Appreciate you coming on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HamzaMehar-c6v [1 likes]: Was skeptical at first, but ipweb feels legit. Interface is easy and withdrawals came through quick for me.❤😊😊
  2. @Hacrrr_901: Really enjoyed this video—super informative and easy to follow! I’ve been exploring similar platforms lately, and IPweb also caught my attention. Curious to see how it compares. Keep up the great content!❤😢😅😊😊😢😅😢😅😮
  3. @DanishHalid-c6e: Great 👍 I liked the video
  4. @MuhammadSuleman-b8d7p: Ipweb is a great platform for social media marketing ❤
  5. @kingstar-j1h: Excellent travail, encourageant de poursuivre le développement de cette idée ; il ne reste plus qu'à la mettre en œuvre et à faire preuve de patience. Le contenu est pertinent.❤
  6. @HAMOHema-ic8qd: Very good❤
  7. @yannigi: Please don’t believe this guys. She’s obviously a lying scammer. I’m not saying this out of jealously or whatever else you’re going to reply to this comment with.

This girl is an obvious scammer. She profits off of the fame she gets by bullshitting everyone. I have read many reviews about her company and many brands say her strategy is just chatGPT scripts. The brands never seen any real growth, and when they do it is because Ava’s company botted their Instagram accounts. This means they use fake bot accounts to make the accounts seem like they are getting followers, views, etc. 

I mean think hard about this. Do you really think a 20 year old knows anything about anything? Her whole brand is based off the fact that she’s such a hard worker and gets up at 12:00 AM to get to work. This doesn’t even make sense. She made 10s of thousands flipping couches on Facebook marketplace? Does that make any sense to you? USE YOUR BRAINS PEOPLE. Everything she says is a lie. I think the only truth is that she got married very young.

SCAMMER!
  8. @هاجرسالم-ح2س: Interesting video
  9. @IsrakAhmed-b1z: The advice here feels practical and easy to apply. Great podcast! This is the kind of content creators actually need. Respect to both of you.
  10. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  11. @ososman33: Oh ipweb good morning my friend is going to see you too good night love you too good
  12. @sonyAthspecial: Ipweb is a surfing website where you earn real money by completing simple task
  13. @UzmaMuhammad1978: This video proves that one powerful reel can completely change your journey! The viral hook strategy is really impressive and full of value for creators. 🚀
I’m also learning new online earning and content ideas through IPWEB, and videos like this give great motivation to grow faster.
Amazing tips for anyone who wants to go viral and build income from social media! 👏
  14. @familyentertaintment: This breakdown on hooks and audience retention was genuinely useful. The way you explained viral reel structure makes it easier for beginners to understand what actually works in 2026. IPweb 👍
  15. @uzmaghazal8515: Great article ❤️❤️
  16. @nikkman1: 1:15:40 caleb way 1:18:50 FB automation
  17. @PaulaHardin-z5q: The breakdown on these viral hooks is actually super helpful for anyone trying to scale their reach. It reminds me of the growth strategies I’ve been exploring on IPweb lately—consistency and engagement are definitely the biggest keys to success."
  18. @KrispyKaye: She’s such a liar. $300-$500 an hour finding couches on marketplace? Full of shit
  19. @Infinite_Wisdom369: weird i just check her Ig and Tiktok, and barely got 1m view, where is her 50m view ? her tiktok does not perform very well also very low view actually ??
  20. @simonbeti7335: This honestly feels like one of the most valuable hours I’ve spent online — learned more from this than from entire courses 😮‍💨📚 Huge respect for putting this together, thank you so much for sharing this gem!
Ipweb

- How to Make Viral Subtitles in After Effects: Kind: captions Language: en $22 billion in three hours this could happen to you if you knew how to make engaging subtitles like these creators so that you could charge $30 to $40 per edit if you watch this video till the end I promise you that you wouldn't need any subtitles video ever and not only this but I will tell you some editing mistakes which you should avoid at all cost while making subtitles so if you are curious to know and want to learn in a very quick and easy way so that you could handle multiple high-paying clients and become the top 1% of video editors then stick around until the very end so this is the video which I'm going to be using for this tutorial you can download it from the link in the description so initially we have to generate the subtitles you can type manually but I would suggest to use Premier Pro to generate subtitles as it will take eternity to type with hands and if you want to make a living working as a video editor then you should stop doing it as soon as possible but if you can't use premere Pro due to some reason then just transcribe the audio using any website and copy paste to speed up the workflow so let's drag this video to Premiere Pro and make a new composition by the way if you don't know how to generate the subtitles then check out my this video for in-depth understanding let's get started go to window to bring the text panel now I will select the video which I want to transcribe and click transcribe sequence click on this blue box to generate transcription next click on create caption and copy my settings now we will select all the caption and convert it into the graphics layer so that we can use animation presets now we will select layers by pressing contrl plus a and right click then select replace with After Effects composition at this point we are in After Effects and this is the point things just got out of hand you can see here that our texts are under the pre-ms which is not good for us because if we want to change the fonts or use any text presets we have to go inside the precom and then we can do it and we have to do it for each text which is going to take a lot of time but we want to become the top 1% so we have to unprompted reach script which can extract all the texts from the pre-ms one by one to do this we will select all the pre-ms and click on this button which will start doing its magic all right the main tutorials is starting from here next when our subtitles are generated first thing to do is select your font I am going to use Poppin bold as this is very popular and trending font and it looks very professional so I will select any one text and right click on it then select them by the label now our all the text layers are selected now you can choose your font I have downloaded this video from a popular creator for analysis and if you take a look in these trending videos then you will figure it out that the text reveals word by word so first of all you will need to use some presets some of them can be found pre-build in After Effects and rest of them can be found in the description which I have found on the internet so after downloading these presets simply copy and paste them into presets folder in the after effects directory you should now restart the after effects so first of all we will select the text and arrange it like this Frame to do this you have to select the text which you want to scale up you can do it by clicking before the first character of the word and then holding shift click at the last character of the word and then increase or decrease its size from this slider align the text from left or right using this paragraph panel which helps a lot you can also highlights the important text which will level up your edits and make people think that you have put a lot of effort into this video it will take a lot of time doing this process but don't do it for each text you can make it simple and it will still look decent so next it's time to put animation for this you can use presets which I have given in description box these are the presets which you should learn by its name so that you could search it up directly now select your text and press I to jump at the first frame of the text layer and then double click on this preset called Fade up words to apply on your text layer now you can see our text is revealing with time but we have to make sure that it reveals completely to do so click U while selecting the text layer and now you can see the key frames and this last key frame is responsible for completing the animation and we have to drag it here so that it reveals completely you have to do this in future for every text layer which seems it take a lot of time but it doesn't now you can use some other presets so that it doesn't look repetitive and boring so our next preset is Blur by words now again we will go at the first frame and double click on the preset while selecting the layer and you can adjust key frame to reveal the words according to the voiceover now our third third preset name is word processor this time I am not repeating same things just see what it looks like this kind of seems like typing effect like typewriter preset next preset is scale up by words and here how it looks as its name it scales up word by word next our fifth preset is Fade up smooth and after applying this preset on the text it looks very nice moving ahead our last preset is random flicker by its name you can figure it out what it does and it looks damn cool you should use it in your edits all right so if you are still here then I am going to tell you some amazing Secrets which videos editors realize after loosing some clients or get this by purchasing paid courses if you are serious about this and willing to make a career in video editing then here are some Pro tip you must know I have included this at the end of the video so that most of the viewers exit the video and I do not want to increase the competition in the market tip number one deep glow is like salt in food if you put it in right amount it makes the food delicious but if you throw it too much it will make you to throw the food and same rule can be app to texts while applying deep glow in the world today the video editor think they can smash deep glow on everything and viewers will start giving super chats nope that's not going to happen so please don't put deep glow on every single layer you see I know you bought it with your hard-earned money coming back to the topic always use deep glow in a right amount so that it doesn't blind the viewers tip number two instead of highlighting too many words just make it italic or change the fonts you have seen on Instagram or YouTube that some editors pair some fonts which looks very good if paired together of course you should not any horror fonts while editing a gaming video I think you got the point what I am trying to say tip number three sound design do this only if your clients is paying a heavy amount or if you are starting out on Fiverr and want to get five-star review in the initial stages of your freelancing career there are some sound effects like click sound or typing sound which can be used to level up your edits and always reduce the Audio Level to minus5 to 30 otherwise it becomes annoying for the viewers tip number four always use this overlay as a guide this will give you an idea that how your video should look like when it will be uploaded on YouTube or any other platform make sure your subtitles do not cross these areas because audience will not be able to read your subtitles which will eventually have a bad impact on your video you can download this overlay in the description this is all the small details which I thought I must share to you guys and if you think it helps you you can give this video a like this motivates me a lot and encourag me to make content for you if you have any questions you can ask it in comment section and one more thing always include your best edits in portfolios so that your clients do not vanish like ghost

  Top Comments:
  1. @Editingempire10 [28 likes]: Short form guide overlay :
https://mega.nz/file/p6dQVQLC#RkzHKT5x-eirVznAHYAM9c8UOD1SECBirv0124b2SCo
  2. @penge.shanghai [2 likes]: I’m currently feeling down because I still don’t have a job right now, but watching your videos gives me motivation to continue pursuing this career path. It really inspires me to keep improving my skills and keep going.
  3. @jungkooklee4421 [2 likes]: It looks easy and as well as complicated to learn 😢
  4. @TwenyVisuals [1 likes]: Loved this video m8🙏
  5. @ToluwaniDaniel-xu6ys [1 likes]: I love this video
  6. @ILGraphicStudio [1 likes]: Thank you for for being such a kind human being, may you receive many blessings this year for being so amazing and wonderful.
  7. @HVisions [1 likes]: Man I've been editing for the past 5 years and I still learned soo much from this! I recently got into the trend of highly motion reliant short form content ( i know I'm late 😅), and this vid helped me a lot! Great job man!
  8. @iavvyhere: what is the name of text stretch transition you used in caption?
  9. @ToluwaniDaniel-xu6ys: Do you have an IG page
  10. @UnrealPulse-v3g: Tharun is best
  11. @kurizublaze: thank you for sharing this
  12. @ILGraphicStudio: I really wish I knew I could just go to after effects for this 🥲 wasted so much times and I already had the tools.
  13. @phnx_graphics: How did you make the text glow?
  14. @Yellowaxxe: What preset do you personally use for your subtitles?
  15. @teibo: 2:29 what the hell did you just do
  16. @RamiCh2016: 30 to 40 dollars per edit ... damn , thats so low compared to europe
  17. @yourboii100k: can you please share the preset file which you use for single word caption Please !...........
  18. @corracaia: Gracias amigo
  19. @artmotionplay: Onde consigo o script?
  20. @mrsociedad.6827: nice vid bro, like and new subscriber :D

- How to Animate Viral Subtitles Like A Pro: Kind: captions Language: en By clicking on this video, you have surpassed 95% of video editors on the internet. Because in this video, I'm going to tell you how to make insane subtitles, which will pay you decent bucks. And it's not one of those videos which will teach you nonsense. Because in this video, I'm not going to show you how to create viral subtitles in After Effects, but also the fastest way to do them so that you can also focus on other aspects of video editing. And I will also give you some really nice presets which you can use to save your time. So without snatching the presets and running away, let's get started. So before we do anything, the first thing which we have to do is generate auto captions in Premiere Pro. So I will open the text panel and create captions by clicking on this button and then click on this to open more settings. There are three sliders to tweak the properties of the captions which you will be creating in future. But one I want you to focus the most is this one. This slider will help you to make you tell the Premiere Pro that up to how many characters you want in your captions. For example, if I set this to 10, then the captions will only show 10 characters at a time and so on. So, we will hit this button and aligns the text in the center and adjust its size to 100 and change its font to Europa grotesque bold or medium. Now, we will convert this captions layer to the graphics layers. Otherwise, After Effects won't recognize this layer as a text layer. Now, when all this nonsense is done, let's install the 64 GB DDR5 RAM and select all the layers. Then click on this button to jump inside After Effects. >> A few moments later. >> Now, as you can see, our text layers are inside the predevac. And this is not good for us because we can fully access the properties of our text layers. And to fix this problem, there are several scripts like unpreompose and reach which can unprempose all the text in a single click. So now when our texts are out, let's try to make it viral. So first let's see how we can make this type of pop-up text animations. So to do this I will listen the voice over and select the subtitles according to the pauses in the video and then press O key and we will be at the end of the frame on our text layer and then press alt plus right bracket key to extend all the subtitles to the marker and then select one subtitles at a time and drag it something like this to give it an attractive look. And we will also highlight the important text to the client's theme color to match their style and then add some click sound effects to get this. >> All right, my name is Devon Jtho and this is a chart. All right, my name is Devon Jth and this is a chart. >> Now let's see how we can create subtitles like this. So to do this, it is important to add 15 to 20 characters while generating the subtitles. This is because when we will apply animation presets then we don't have to work with the a lot of text layers which will save our time. So to make our text like that first we need to adjust our words like those frames. And to do it first we will double click on the layer and then select the text which we want to change and then increase its size by dragging this property. You can also press enter to get the text at the bottom line. And if your text have any extra spaces then it might not align perfectly. And to fix this, we will place our mouse at the beginning of the word and delete the unwanted space. And this will be fixed. Now you have to use these properties on the characters panel and create a nice hierarchical order to make your text stands out. And you can also highlight the important text to give it a premium look. And this type of text look very premium. But to make this more attractive, we will apply some animation presets. These are the five presets which you should use while making this type of subtitles. For example, I've applied fade up by words and then press U to reveal the key frames and then drag this key frame somehow that the text completely reveals itself before the voice over pronounce it. I've given some crazy text presets in the description in free of cost so that you could use it in your edits. Now let's see how to add these type of metallic text effects. And don't worry, I've also given the presets for it. But it doesn't mean you don't have to learn how to do it. So I will apply the CC light sweep effect on the text layer. And first of all, I will change my text color as this doesn't work on white color until you change the light sweep color to white. Now I will drag this center point to a point where the effects doesn't seems to work on the text layer and then move 1 seconds forward in timeline and then change its position to here. And this will animation the text from left to right. And if you want to loop this animation, then just press this button and go to property and then select loop out expression. And it will loop the keys forever until the text layer are preset on the timeline. If you don't like this linear motion, then select the keys and play with the graph and you can see different types of easing in your animation. One more thing that you can also change the sweep angle, its intensity and the width of the sweep according to your liking. So there's full customization options. Now when we are talking about customization, then let's see fonts to make your texts even more dynamic. I don't know about you, but when I used to edit in my early days, I've installed bunch of useless fonts which I've barely used any time. they just waste my time and frustrate me. And this is the reason I learn all the popular don't names and you should do it too because it will help you to quickly search for it instead of changing the fonts. And if you did it too much time then congratulations on breaking your control plus Z key. So the first font name is Europa Grotesque and you have definitely seen this edit somewhere because everyone is using it in their edits in social media and this is the font used by Houston Cold. The next font name is Tactic Sandance, which you might have never heard of, but it's a premium font used by Devon Jtho. And if you still think it doesn't look familiar, then show some purple and pink ramp on the text with a light sweep effects. And now it should. Moving ahead, the next font is used in Apple style animation, which is SF Pro Font Family. And this is also a very clean and modern font to use in your videos. Now, the next font is Monserat Bold and used by Alex Harosi. There are several amazing fonts like this which I post on my community channel. So, make sure to hit the bell icon so you don't miss them. Now, let's see how you can create some awesome gradient ramps on your text layer which looks really cool. So, to make it first, what you don't have to do is apply a gradient ramp from the effects panels because if you do so, then you have to change their points every time to maintain the same ramp. So instead of this you will use gradient ramp from the layer style and then expand it and edit the gradient ramp from here. And now you can see our text feels different as regular white color which adds a depth in our video. And just like this you can get an awesome looking text in seconds. Now let's see how you can create this text tracking effects which looks really premium. Before making this let's understand how this works. So basically there are multiple key frames on the text layers by which it's moving according to the head of the person. Although you can do it manually by using position key frames but it won't be smoother and just look at this. Do you actually think you can key frames this manually? So without using any brain let's see how you can do the same. So first of all we will add tracker panel from the window panel and dock it somewhere. And now select the footage which you want to track and then click on track motion. And this will open the layer panel in full HD resolution to help the after effects track objects accurately. Now zoom in and find a spot which can be visible for the entire video and has a good contrast. So I will drag my mouse on this box until it changes color and then drag it to his eyes. And if you increase this box, it will change more accurate and increase the CPU power. So let's play this and hope Devon Jtho to not blink his eyes. Okay, so our tracking has started and it's going pretty good and all thanks to Devon for not blinking yes. So when this is done, first you have to create a null object and then click on the footage and click edit target and select the null object from this drop-own menu. And this is how you done this effects. [Music] >> Wake up. The work is not over yet. You have to click this apply button. And now if you press P on the null object, you can see a lot of position key frames. And you may be asking what that's supposed to do with the text. And why did you didn't edit the target on a text layer? So, it's because if you apply this on a text layer, then you won't be able to move the text and you have to track the footage again in order to do the same effects on another text. But with the help of null object, we just have to parent the text layer to it. And we can see our text is moving with the head. And not just that, you can create any other text and parent it to the null and it will act the same. So basically it's a future proof method which can save your time. Honestly you might find difficulties in tracking the footage if you are new. So if you want me to create a tracking tutorial explaining all these button just let me know. Now let's see how to create this blur text animation. So first we will add a mask like this and this will be the part where blur effect will take place. Now we will apply Gaussian blur to the first layer which has mask and then change its value according to your preference. Now open the effect in the timeline and you will find a property called composting options which you had no idea why it existed. But if you hit this plus button and change the mask reference to what we just drawn then you can see that the Gaussian blur effect is only acting on the mask but its edges kind of seems hard. So we will expand the mask and increase the feather amount to smoothen the blur. And by this method you don't have to create one mask on a layer and disable other to get this effect done which is such a lifesaver. And the best part is you just have to copy the mask and the Gaussian blur and just paste it to any other text layer and it will work the same. This could be a game-changing effect which you can try out with different effects. And let's see how we can create this crazy clean looking text with the same technique. So first we will create a mask like this. And don't put so much effort in doing this because we can adjust it later. Now simply apply the tint effect on the text layer and swap the colors so that our text color changes to black only. Now open the effect then tint and you can see this plus icon just beside the composting options. So we will click it and select the mask one from the drop-own menu. And now just open the mask which you have created and adjust the amount of feathers to get that awesome clean looking text. And now you know how you can also create those cool looking text in 3D edits like arson. And once again you don't have to do this all over again for other text. Just copy mask and the effect and then paste it on another text layer and it will just look the same. So if you think this deserves a like then don't hold your thumbs back. Now when most of the video editors are gone let's discuss some mistakes which you should avoid while making subtitles. The first mistakes which a lot of video editors do especially the beginners is they use some crazy presets and think that's the best thing they have done in the video and people will be amazed to see them. And if you are one of them then stop it. Just only use simple presets and this will help you to maintain consistency throughout the video. Another mistakes video editors do is they try to create something extraordinary in which they waste a lot of time and as a video editors you have to be very disciplined about the time you spent because at the end of the day you are trading your time for the money and to avoid this first ask to the client that what type of subtitles you need and this will give a path to follow. Now listen to this. Whenever you apply effects on your text layers, first change the label of the first text layer to something else and apply the effects which you want and then copy this effect with property link and then paste this effects to all the remaining text layers. And by this method, you can change the effects by just using the first text layers because everything is now connected with this and you can do this with bunch of different effects and this can be a lifesaver if your client said to change something in your text. Now, the next mistake which you have to avoid is cutting the subtitles at a non-natural pause. Check out the videos of popular creators and you will notice that they don't just use generate captions and stick with them. Instead, they set the words in a subtitles in such a way that it stops on a natural pause. When you apply any animation preset on the text layer, what you have to focus is whether the text is perfectly synchronized with the voice or not. And always check for error like subtitles do not overlap with each other. And please don't use deep glow everywhere. It's becoming a universal meme among video editors now. When you edit short form content, just use this overlay and this will show you what elements in your video will be blocked with apps buttons like like, comment, shares, etc. And these small details are really essential to satisfy your clients. For that being said, I hope you lend something new in this video. And if you do, hit that bell icon and don't forget to snatch the free presets and I will see you in the next one. And if you want to animate your screenshot like a pro, Ren, watch this

  Top Comments:
  1. @Editingempire10 [16 likes]: Reel Safezone Overlay -
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1iaxPBYEAphOzLNtRjptK6BydV2NjJrXV/view?usp=drivesdk

Europa Grotesk Font- https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZymVXcefj6lkEzylttB0abTpMms6Bpbl/view?usp=drivesdk
  2. @KDN_MMA [1 likes]: 1:27 bro the option was freezed tell me how to unfreeze I am new i don't know anything
  3. @AIandDesignTutorials [1 likes]: Thank you so much🎉 out here changing lives
  4. @batmanofktm: Thank you brother ❤⚡
  5. @franko_rz: thanks bro
  6. @n4x_2: 0:06 May be😂
  7. @iavvyhere: 2:53 text transition name?
  8. @Efootball_RaHuL-Zoro: U r too funy ..1st preset stealing meme ,and then ddr5 ram😭🙏
  9. @Suraj-ringe: how can I create like 4:57 text animation
  10. @videoeditor7514: 11:14 yesss sir💚💚
  11. @RSEVENTYONE: what did u say 65gb ddr 5 ram .im out
  12. @Noname-vj3ie: So can I make this type of text thing in after effects or primere pro?
  13. @Rapidpop99: Mere panel me reach show nai horha
  14. @evilhouse6694: Someone reply to my comment so I can come back here
  15. @v3rtgoedits: doesnt work on ae 2026
  16. @ZohaibAhmad-pv7ho: Can I Get The Present Link?
  17. @JonyDada-jd9do: Bro give us some raw footage for practice edit
  18. @tushartandukar7491: what are those creators name to get inspiration for subtitle animation
  19. @wolfray-l8x: bro i think would be better if you showed the final result in the begining, i think it can help some people understand better what is been done yk
  20. @teamsmallzvid5282: PLEASE how do i get the reach expression or tool i gues used to uncomposed all layers?

- THIS is How Many Videos YOU Need To GET NOTICED on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en - I'm gonna tell you how many videos you need to get 1000, 10,000, 100,000, even a million subscribers, here on YouTube, and we're starting right now. (upbeat music) What is going on, my name is Nick from tubertools.com. Welcome to another video. If this is your first time here and you wanna learn how to grow your channel, make videos and all types of other YouTube related stuff, start now by subscribing and clicking the bell so you don't miss anything. Okay on my channel and other channels like mine you constantly hear us talking about the importance of uploading a lot of content to YouTube. I know, you guys talk about that stuff all the time, geez I've uploaded like ten videos so far, I shoulda blown up by now. I think YouTube hates me. There are a lot of reasons that we tell you to upload more videos, for example the more you upload, as long as you're paying attention to what it is that you're doing, the better you're going to get at making videos that people will enjoy. By uploading more you're gonna be stacking your skills up all of the time, and the more you stack your skills up, or the better that you get, not only are you gonna be more effective, but it's also going to be easier for you to make content that people respond to. That doesn't make any sense. They should enjoy it because I spent a lot of time on it, and because I'm passionate about it. Sorry slacker Nick it just doesn't work that way, it's not about you it's about the viewers. Another reason we tell you that is because it can take a lot of videos to reach the massive milestones that we're all trying to hit. And that's because as you get better at making more content that people like then the amount of content that you have on your channel that's constantly bringing people in, is increasing which then creates that snowball effect everybody talks about. So I'm gonna break all of that down for you right here in just a second so you know how many videos that you need to make to reach the milestones that you're after. But before I do, I wanna add this disclaimer and let you know that the information I'm getting ready to share is averages, it's not saying that if you do exactly this many videos then you're gonna get exactly this result, because again it comes down to how people respond to your content. Some people get the results faster because they can get their skills together faster, some people it takes them a lot more videos in order to reach the same results because it takes them longer to develop those skills. I also better let you know that this information was not figured out by me, it was shared by Phil from TubeBuddy and Brian G. Johnson's Tube Ritual Facebook group. I will of course have links to TubeBuddy and Brian G. Johnson's Facebook group down in the description below, but this information was pulled from a database of over 3.5 million channels, so it's legit. So let's start with a million subscribers. How many videos does it take to get you to a million subscribers? According to this information the average channel that has a million subscribers has 3,873 videos. So think about that for a second, like if you're just getting started and you're like hey why haven't I blown up yet? Just put that in perspective. The average channel with 100,000 subscribers to a million subscribers, 1,171 uploads to their YouTube channel. Makes you feel kinda like hey I need to get to work, doesn't it? No I actually don't wanna get back to work. I'm having a Twitter fight. I know you don't wanna get to work, I'm talking to them, people who are actually productive and do stuff. The average channel with 10,000 to 100,000 subscribers has 418 uploads. And for everybody watching this who is just getting started and you're like hey I'm just trying to get that first 1,000, what do I gotta do to get that first 1,000? How many videos do I gotta make? The average channel between 1,000 and 10,000 subscribers has 152 uploads. So if you've got 20 videos on your channel and you're thinking to yourself like hey why isn't this working out yet? Averaged across YouTube, it's just because the numbers haven't worked out in your favor yet. Hang in there, the more you learn, the more you practice the better you're gonna get and the better you're gonna do. To learn more about YouTube click any of the videos on the screen right now that make the most sense to you with what it is that you are trying to learn. Thank you so much for watching, I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [473 likes]: A list of stuff for YouTubers - https://youtu.be/dH_GVIVOH6w
  2. @TheGeogeek96: Is there anyone here searching for success in youtube in 2026? 😑
  3. @RileeJefferson: Your videos 6 years later are still so helpful. Appreciate you!!
  4. @sckibs123: comment
  5. @TheOfficialWorldOfBoats: I have nearly 300 videos and only 533 subscribers. What am I doing wrong?
  6. @OdetteCoordinator: Heyyy, i have 360+ videos and low subs
  7. @peterbrown1968: I only got 1082 😭😭😭 I would love to get custom creator award. I will never get one 😭😭😭
  8. @Isolationimagination: How many for one? 😂
  9. @whatif-explainerr: Wow, I’m never complaining again😂
  10. @JonDoesGaming1983: Question:Does this also count short reels? I notice I get a lot of views with my short content.
  11. @Amyoils2.1: Got 8 subscribers  made 81 videos  pat to present,  good views too
  12. @Amyoils2.1: Slaker nick 😂😂😂😂🎉
  13. @tezig237: I have 250+ videos but still haven't reached 500 subs
  14. @DigitalOdyssey3001: This is a well produced reality check...
  15. @usn_news24daily: I'm jealous of your vedios, I also want to go on YouTube, you're not uploading vedios, you've got 4 subscribers, it's not uploading at all, what can I do, please help me upload vedios, how can I make vedios work?
  16. @FinnInvests: Ok got it I was wondering after uploading 10 videos 😂
  17. @AIPromptMasteryChannel: This video really opened my eyes to how challenging the YouTube grind can be for everyone, no matter where they are on the journey. It reminded me that consistency and purpose matter more than numbers. I’ve only uploaded 17 videos so far and have 55 subscribers, but I’m here to keep going and teach more people how to talk to AI. Thanks for the motivation — this really hit home. 🙏🏾
  18. @Shellycheapandclean-u6w: You're not lying because I said to myself why I don'tev 1000subs yet 😊
  19. @nwadukotv: I love this
  20. @Ani-cm4cs: I feel like giving up after listening to this

- account blowup subliminal: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to vegas baby i want you to come and pay me give me the money give me diamonds give me rubies baby take me on this trip i wanna go shopping i

  Top Comments:
  1. @dolliminals [1100 likes]: hi!! pls fill in https://forms.gle/6qH72jRXpZZ8jwkP8 with ur subliminal/manifestation confessions for a video?? prity pls with a cherry on  top<3

GUYS please remember that the rain and silent version are on my channel! 

AND TYSM FOR 100K VIEWSAAAAAAA
  2. @faahRafaa [4 likes]: Using this for my yaoi channel 😍😍🥰🥰✋️✋️ I JUST WANNA HIT 1K SUBSCRIBERS MAN.
  3. @Himanshi-jsnwjw12 [4 likes]: This worked 😭😭
 My main has been stuck on 160 subs for FOUR months it’s at 506 in 2 days 😭😭😭
  4. @Jeniiferrr [3 likes]: My reach actually went down could not get any views from some time before this video worked wonder but from sometime this isnt workjng but trying it again tonight i will update


Update: worked crazy i was stuck at 2-6k max 6k views i used to get in a month…now in just 1 day i got 14.2k views and 15 followers on ig
  5. @Mokascorner213 [3 likes]: Omg i uploaded my video 5 minutes ago, I already have 5 likes and 2 subscribers more!!!
  6. @Mimiiseru [2 likes]: Claim
  7. @Mokascorner213 [2 likes]: Used this and another sub for a while and i have got 130 subs in less than 24 hours!
  8. @maianh702 [1 likes]: thank you so much, i got many likes after one night with twice time listening yesterday, i hope this is validity for every later posts
  9. @Prairnapanditaaa [1 likes]: Claiming💗🙏
  10. @ridhima_sonker [1 likes]: This song is so good 😭😭❤️
  11. @prettyandpowerful03 [1 likes]: I am working really hard for my yt , 😞 
Hope to see results soon 🌸🌸
I'll update soon ☺️
  12. @KippyKatty-s8h [1 likes]: oooo i claim this ❤
  13. @ak23-n4m: At 1k followers right now. Updating after a week.
  14. @ScarletxSweetheart: trying for my channel. 😌
  15. @ssaminashaikhh: posted my first reel 😝
  16. @Jeniiferrr: Posted a reel listening again I’ll update
  17. @notreallymarsisit: all the edits i post will blow up 
there's not a edit that doesn't get a bunch of likes on my account 
the likes! they keep coming in
  18. @xoxo3196: I posted a video on my new account which has like 6 followers let’s see how it does so far it has 100 views
  19. @nityadwivedi2647: Currently 440
I will update ❤
2nd day 469❤
  20. @Cookie_thekitten: So ik I dont have much but I used this and now I have like 25k views in total amd 45 subs in my acc (not this one, another one)

- Why we all need subtitles now: Kind: captions Language: en I watch a lot of movies and TV on the train, at home [overlapping] at the movies, while working out, while doing dishes in the bath... But no matter where I'm watching I find myself constantly doing this one thing. [unintelligible] What? [exhasperated sigh] Oh. It turns out this isn't unusual. We polled our YouTube audience and about 57% of people said that they feel like they can't understand the dialogue in the things that they watch unless they're using subtitles. But it feels like this hasn't always been the case. So to figure out what was going on, I made a call. Hi, my name is Austin Olivia Kendrick. I am a professional dialogue editor for film and TV. I basically perform audio surgery on actors words. Do you watch with subtitles? I– I do, actually. I do a lot of the time. So... Why do you think that we all feel like we need subtitles now? I get asked this question all the time. All the time. It's something that is... It doesn't have a simple, straightforward answer. It's very layered and very complex. And after talking to Austin for almost 2 hours, it's true. It's a very layered and complex topic. But everything kept pointing back to one main thing. Technology that got us from this... –I'll get you, my pretty. –You should be kissed and often. No, Richard, no. What has happened... To this. Mom, I just woke up. ...little slim-waisted birdy... Let's start with microphones. I'm going to use this clip from "Singin in the Rain" to show how mics used to work. Here's the mic, you talk towards it. The sound goes through the cable to the box. A man records it on a big record in wax. This scene illustrates some of the difficulties and intricacies early sound recordings. Mics were big, bulky, temperamental and required creative solutions to be hidden. They were wired and recorded onto hard memory like wax and eventually tape. No matter how many actors were in a scene all sound got recorded to one track. So performers had to be diligently focused and facing a certain angle so that their words could be picked up. Otherwise... [muted noise, as if from far away] [sudden sound up] You couldn't hear a thing. But technology's improved to the point where microphones don't impede performance as much anymore. They become better, smaller, wireless... and we use more of them to ensure that performances get captured. What we typically are working with from production dialogue is 2 boom microphones and then every actor has at least one lavaliere microphone hidden somewhere on them. These shrinking mics have given actors the flexibility to be more naturalistic in their performances. They no longer need to project so that their words reach the mic. They can speak softly, knowing that the tiny mic hidden on their body will pick up what they're saying. And my personal favorite example of this performance shift is Alec Baldwin on 30 Rock. In a 2011 speech slash roast, Tina Fey says that "He speaks so quietly that she can't hear him when she's standing next to him." "And then you play the film back and it's there somehow." Just listen to this whisper off between him and Will Arnett. I'm not afraid of you. Yeah. Well, you should be. Let's just see how it all shakes out in the meeting. Naturalism isn't always the best for intelligibility, though. Take Tom Hardy, an actor that I personally love but who famously is a mumbler. ???????????? I mean... the mic picked that line up fine. Like we can definitely hear that he's talking he's saying something. But once that mumble gets recorded it's on to a dialog editor's shoulder to make it as intelligible as possible. And that was a lot harder when everything was analog. While you could pick the best takes and physically splice them together. If some piece of dialog was truly impossible to understand then actors will come in and rerecord those specific lines in a process called ADR or automated dialog replacement which you can see Meryl Streep do in this scene from "Postcards from the Edge". There isn't enough money in the world to further cause like yours That still gets done today, but.. ADR also costs money because you're not only paying for the actors time you're paying for the engineer's time and then the editor's time. So we try to do ADR, frankly, as little as possible. And so a lot of her job is making words sound better. The show I'm currently working on I remember in the middle of this one word there was just this loud metal clang that I couldn't remove. So I had to go in and I had to find an alternate take of it that fit and then I had to fit it... to the movement of her mouth in that moment and then push it in. And once she's done with it it's sent off to a mixer who works to make sure the frequencies of the sound effects and music don't overlap with the frequencies of the human voice something that's only possible now that the world has moved away from tape and into digital recordings. That is a big challenge. Carving out those frequencies, that space... amongst every other element of the mix for the dialogue to be able to punch through and not be all muddied up by any other sounds that exist in that band of frequencies. But even with all that work lines of dialog can still be hard to understand. The kind of feeling has been if you want your movie to feel quote unquote cinematic you have to have wall-to-wall bombastic, loud sound. A lot of people will ask like "Why don't you just turn the dialog up?" Like, just turn it up. And... if only it was that simple. Because a big thing that we want to preserve is a concept called dynamic range. The range between your quietest sound and your loudest sound. If you have your dialog, that's going to be at the same volume as an explosion that immediately follows it. The explosion is not going to feel as big. You need that contrast in volume in order to give your ear a sense of scale. But the thing is, you can only make something so loud before it gets distorted. So if you want to create that wide dynamic range you have no choice but to push those quieter sounds lower instead of pushing the louder sounds louder. So explosions go up and dialog comes down. Which brings us to the Christopher Nolan of it all. [loud music layered over] A seperate structure within the others— [Tom Hardy mumbling into a face mask] [rocket blasters layered over] Pushing out of orbit! Nearly every film of his has been criticized for its hard to hear dialogue that essentially begs for subtitles. But as as this headline explains, he likes it that way. According to an interview in a book called The Nolan Variations he said that he gets a lot of complaints. Even from other filmmakers who would say "I just saw your film and the dialogue is inaudible." "The truth was it was kind of the whole enchilada of how we had chosen to mix it." And in his 2017 interview with Indiewire, he said "We made the decision a couple of films ago that we weren't going to mix films for substandard theaters" And this is kind of the crux of the matter. The content that we watch here and here and here is not mixed for us, primarily. Rerecording mixers mix for the widest surround sound format that is available typically like big release films. That is Dolby Atmos.... which has true 3D sound up to 128 channels. The thing is, if you're not at a movie theater that can showcase the best sound Hollywood has to offer... you can't experience all of those channels. So after the movie is mixed for the 128 Atmos tracks somebody has to create a separate version of the film's audio where all those same sounds live on one or two or five tracks. This is called downmixing. Downmixing is the process of taking that biggest mix and folding it down into formats with lesser channels available to it. So say Atmos down to 7.1 or 7.1 down to 5.1 or 5.1 down to stereo stereo down to mono. Unlike old TVs that were gigantic and had a ton of space for speakers TVs today are super thin like this one that I have in my living room is about the same thickness as my iPhone. So even though it's outputting the same mono or stereo sound that an older TV might, it's still going to sound worse because you have to have tiny little speakers to fit into this tiny, sleek form factor. These tiny speakers are also usually on the back of the TV. So the downmixed version of this movie that went from 128 channels down to just 2 is going to sound even muddier when it's pointing away from you. And when you're watching on your phone or a laptop... it's generally not much better. When you combine not great speakers, naturalistic mumbly performances dynamic range featuring bombastic sound over dialogue and a flattened mix... It's no wonder we have trouble hearing what's going on. And it seems like the industry knows this because TVs today are shipping with all kinds of settings built in like this intelligence mode. You can put on active voice amplification in hopes of making that dialog track come through just a little bit clear. But of course, that's more band aid than it is solution. The way movies get mixed likely isn't going to revert back to super pristine dialogue. So the solutions we have are, one: Buy better speakers and only go to theaters that have impeccable sound. Two: take a chill pill and try to just worry a little bit less about picking up every single word that gets said. Or, three... Just keep the subtitles on. For people who are deaf or hard of hearing subtitles make movies and TV shows accessible and this accessibility has just expanded in recent years. Laws have been passed to ensure that movie theaters have at least a few screenings a week with captions. Pretty much every streaming service has standardized them and speech recognition technology has made them accessible in pretty much every YouTube video and TikTok. [Which is partially how our subtitles are made!] Plus, they're super easy to toggle on and off.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [132 likes]: Thanks for watching! For more videos like this, head over to patreon.com/vox to join our community. Members get access to exclusive videos, conversations featuring our journalists, and more.
  2. @havenxrose [2 likes]: I need subtitles when people talk to me, when people talk to me , I can’t comprehend what they are saying
  3. @tetedelapone7452: Mike shinoda?
  4. @PlutoRock2: "All the best movies have subtitles"
   
                             - Montgomery (A Series of Unfortunate Events)
  5. @bilinmeyenkullanıcı-h4t: its your language's flaw
  6. @darla1333: The more technology advances the WORSE EVERYTHING GETS. Why is that i wonder. Jk ik what the problem is.
  7. @eshansubin3441: Kinda ironic that i used subtitles to watch this video…!
  8. @pain1815: In a nutshell: most actors don't know how to speak like a normal person
  9. @gacha_kpop1037: Because I'm actually deaf
  10. @pavelgregr3568: english is my second language and i like to take note of every word i don't understand, now i think i have better vocabulary than most americans 💀
  11. @BrendanG3499: The more technology advances, the more I get annoyed. I wish we could go back.
  12. @Pjshyy: I always understand audio, I just like subtitles on movies or shows, never youtube though
  13. @Noahvibezzz: I needed subtitles for this video 😔💔
  14. @Menirz: Nah, #4 is still an option: Streaming/Home Cinema beats out movie theaters as the primary source of revenue and performance metrics, so Hollywood has to start catering to us. 

Until then... Guess we gotta do #2 or #3
  15. @johnnydogan4253: I hate how actors sometimes decide to just start mumbling enchantment table and you’re just left sitting there puzzled
  16. @limeboy2686: And here I m watching this video with subtitles on.... 😅
  17. @bipolarbear7325: Paragraph guy help! I'm not watching this fool for 10 minutes.
  18. @evangelineodibo8014: Sure an explosion should sound louder than dialog, but if I have to adjust the volume every 10 seconds ITS TOO LOUD
  19. @ANSHEFX786: ENGLISH IS MY 3RD LANGUAGE THATS WHY I NEED SUBTITLES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  20. @AmisiaPL: Why cant i turn on subtitles in this video????

- Explaining The Most Viral Animal Videos On The internet!: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Talk about the fake out of a century. Jeez. Basically, what you saw was a Mo eel attempting to hunt a mimic octopus. And unfortunately for the Mo eel, the mimic octopus is quite literally the master of defense. They have the ability to not only camouflage, but they could change their color, their texture, and their shape at will. And they could change faster than humans [music] could blink. Can you imagine looking at an octopus, blinking, and now you're looking at a rock? But the crazy part is, not only do they have the ability to change into random objects, they could mimic other [music] creatures in the ocean. They've been documented mimicking highly venomous creatures to avoid predators. We're talking lion fish, venomous snakes. Sometimes they'll even turn into a crab, go make friends with another crab just so it could get close and eat it. Talk about betrayal. In other words, this is the real life mystique. I'm jealous. Yes, that was a mouse howling like a wolf. Specifically, that is the grasshopper mouse, also known as the werewolf mouse. These guys are basically fun-sized, fully carnivorous hunters. But they don't hunt normal creatures like a normal mouse. They've been documented hunting other mice, tarantulas, snakes. In what world does a mouse hunt a snake? But their personal favorite is bark scorpions, which just so happens to be the most venomous scorpion in the United States. However, these minisized John Wicks are masters at it. First off, they have some immunity to the venom. But even if they didn't, they rarely get stung because they have these ridiculous njutsu skills. But what really makes this mouse special is after they complete a hunt, they'll stand over the body and howl to the moon like a wolf to claim their territory. That is the coolest mouse on planet Earth. Sorry, Mickey. Yep, those are sharks in a river. I'm surprised I haven't covered this one yet. Those are bull sharks. And bull sharks are one of the big three most dangerous sharks on planet Earth. They're also considered to be one of, if not the most aggressive shark in the world as well. It's like swimming attitude problems. But the biggest thing that makes these sharks so dangerous is the fact that they don't need to swim in salt water to maintain [music] their salt balance. And because of that, they can swim in fresh water. They're literally found in rivers all over the world. If you're from the United States, they're even found in the Mississippi River and as far north as Illinois. There's bull sharks in Illinois. I don't like it. And because of this, they end up eating a bunch of animals that they're not supposed to, like dogs and cows and humans. I don't like swimming anyways. It's overrated. If anxiety was a video, it's [music] this one. What's wrong with that fish? Bowser over here is an alligator snapping turtle, which is basically nature's little trap. Basically, they just sit underwater with their mouth wide open waiting for some dumb fish to make a mistake. And they could stay underwater for up to 30 minutes due to something called cloal respiration, which means they could breathe through their butts. Flex. But that's not all. The reason this fish didn't leave is because the turtle has another secret weapon. Their tongue is a fake worm. Like their their tongue is bait, and the fish see it, get mesmerized, and then get eaten. Oh, and by the way, these things have like a 1,000 lb per square inch bite force, which is the same as a bear. [music] So, there's that. Yes, that's an elephant. You probably want to know what animal is standing next to it. Meet the elen. You can only find them in the savas of Africa. And this is the largest species of analopee on planet Earth. And by largest, I mean these things can get up to 7 feet tall and 2200 lb. That's like five times the weight of a lion. But because they're so big, these guys are an enormous problem for predators to deal with. And that includes lions. But then again, I mean, just look at one compared to a giraffe or a zebra. It's huge. Anyways, just so you're aware, you didn't miss [music] an update. This character just doesn't spawn near you. >> Gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. >> Oh my gosh. Ben, >> that's a nightmare caught on camera. Or is it? Orcas need no introduction. The Black and White Mafia is the tiptop of the ocean food chain. They get up to over 20,000 lbs and they travel in groups of up to 30 members. That is too big and too many. Not to mention, rumor has it that they have a 19,000lb bite force. If that's true, that is the strongest bite force on planet Earth. And don't get me started on their intelligence. Obviously, these guys are basically the humans of the water. I mean, there's a reason that they're the only animals that hunt blue whales and great white sharks. So, this person is probably screwed, right? Wrong. As dominant as orcas may be, there's only been one reported attack from an orca on a human in the wild ever. Not to mention that person survived. The attack was believed to be an accident, and that's because they were on a surfboard. And underwater, that's what a surfboard looks like. It looks like a seal. It looks like lunch. The orca wanted lunch. In other words, call me crazy, but orcas like humans, and I would like to keep it that way. >> Most of the internet thinks that this is AI, and I get it, [laughter] but it's not. That is a plenarian flatworm, and it looks like venom. But what's even crazier than how they look is how they don't die. Scientists realized that if you cut a plenarian flatworm in half, both halves will turn into two [music] completely new worms. Like new brain, new heart, new everything. But it gets even crazier. They wanted to see how far it can go. So they decided to chop one of these up into 276 pieces. You know what? They got 276 new worms. But you want to know the craziest part? All 276 worms had the same memories. the memories transferred. And they know this because the original worm knew where its food was hidden. All of a sudden, 276 worms know where the food is. I'll say it again. Mother nature don't miss. Oh, there's only one animal I know of that takes baseballsized chunks out of flesh. Those attacks were from a cookie cutter shark. It's a small shark that has a bioluminescent stomach, which means it glows. This attracts fish to the shark, which is really messed up. And as soon as the fish gets too close, the shark attacks, but the crazy part is what the shark attacks with. This is their mouth. It's a circular mouth with a built-in suction cup. And basically, they just suction cup to their prey, turn, and chop out a perfect circle like a carnivorous can opener. And we're talking 3 in in diameter and 3 in deep. That would do some damage. And in case you're wondering, yes, [music] they've attacked humans before. And trust me, you do not want to see those photos. That fish should be everyone's best friend. That thing is saving the ocean's life. Basically, those fish were blowing on the sand to reveal a bobbit worm. And that's because a hidden bobbit worm is the most dangerous thing ever. Imagine this, a 10- foot long, fully carnivorous predatory worm. Yes, that actually exists. And honestly, it gets a lot worse than that. You see, Bobbit worms bury the under the sand with the only thing showing being their mandibles and these little antennas. And those antennas are sensors. They can sense pressure changes, movement, all kinds of things. In other words, those antennas tell them when there's a fish right above them. And once there is, the bobbit worm will pop up, grab that porcel, and pull it into the dark abyss. Not to mention, those mandibles can close so hard that sometimes they chop the fish in half. So, there's that. But it still gets worse. Humans [music] tried chopping one of these in half. And you want to know what happened? Both halves turn into two new worms. Like the venom worm I talked about earlier. But there is a bright side. I mean, at least they're not dangerous to humans, right? Wrong again. Running down the sides of a bobbit worm are venomous spines. And if you get stung by a bobbit worm, you could be dealing with permanent nerve damage. This is a real life nightmare. No thank you. I got to do this more often. Reacting's fun. I appreciate you guys for sending me these videos to react to. I don't know where you find them, the the darkest crevices of the internet. If you want me to react to a video, just send it to me. I I see all of them. And other than that, I'll see you on the next one. Stay odd and as always, subscribe for more facts. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @imperialzavala7810 [4 likes]: This DomA$$ makes up alot of BULLSH💩T KING Cobras don't eat Rattlesnakes 🤣
  2. @phsp1267 [3 likes]: Sending hate from Germany
  3. @Eierman [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fgCEX5LTCI
  4. @KravenDrakov: I've turned SO many people on to your channel and they ALL THANK ME LOL😂
  5. @crazybabytvworld: Actually, the sperm whale is the top predator. They kill Orcas...
  6. @tato4612: My new favorable animal the mimic octopus.
  7. @FunsetSunset: Clint’s Reptiles tore this guy a new butthole for relying on ChatGPT to make his shorts which are full of misinformation. Odd Danny only cares about engagement, numbers, and money. This dude is dumb as rocks and doesn’t know anything lmao. He willfully puts out lies about animals on the internet and it’s GONNA get someone hurt someday.
  8. @sharonharlequin7788: Swimming is overated, I feel same about any body of water with stuff in it, ugh!! 😮
  9. @sharonharlequin7788: Talk about betrayal, love your take, app. ❤
  10. @SCBD83: Growing up I had a good buddy who had several scorpions and snakes. He had a good sized scorpion that he decided to feed a mouse too. It wasnt a big mouse. They battled for awhile. The scorpion stung that mouse so many times, but the mouse fought for it's life and it ended up killing his favorite scorpion. The mouse did end up dying but he took that scorpion with him. Keep in mind we were maybe 14 then. It was a true fight to the death.
  11. @Cat_biscuit: Going to Illinois? Watch out for sharks! 👋🤔
  12. @Maoridoll2008: I got to watch a family of orca wave surfing decades ago, they were huge & in close to the shore line.
Never forget those 1 off moments
  13. @LionGoddess1: 0% in common with humans lol and alien I swear (octopi)
  14. @rustecohle591: Love your channel Dan. Can you do:

1. The Himalayan Monal
  15. @razvanbrisiuc9167: You have no idea how much I have looked for your channel. My friend, you're fire 🙃🥵
  16. @znel20: Your trash
  17. @tadroid3858: Your stuff is awesome!  Thanks!
  18. @momirbaborac5536: Werewolf mouse = weremouse, weremoose, werechichen, wth says werewolf chicken?
  19. @KennyKenJm: The ocean is scary.
  20. @KadenTaylor-Bell-q1j: Do another 20 minute compilation

- Understanding the Most Viral Chart in Artificial Intelligence | Odd Lots: Kind: captions Language: en More likely to be messy. In some sense. They are, they involve working with other people. They involve working in much larger code. It is all sort of more open ended problems, maybe with, something even adversarial going on in the, in the software engineering context that that might be that someone's trying to make a change to the parts of the code base that you'll currently working on, and you need to and you need to work around that. And we do tend to see that the AIS, less capable of working on these more messy problems. I don't want to overstate that. You know, it's not it's not an enormous effect. But, you know, that's that's one thing that gets in the way of, of these productivity increases, you know, and then I do think that there's something to the reliability question, right? Where, you know, if it was true that for a certain type of task you only had, you know, 80% reliability, then every time you're going to need to go back and verify the work of, of these areas and not only verify the work of these areas, but without the context of how they implemented the solution, relative to it. If you went to, if you went about the task yourself, you'd already have that in your head. And so this verification step, quote unquote, where it's would take less time. You know, I don't expect these frictions to, to be sort of so fundamental in some sense or I imagine they, they go up levels of abstraction. I think, not only is the underlying technical progress real, but, I think the productivity improvements are also going to, show up increasingly. But yeah, there are these versions. Hello and welcome to another episode of the Odd Lots podcast. I'm Joe Weisenthal. And I'm Tracy Alloway. Tracy, one thing about AI is that, lots of lines that go up. Yes. Famously, famously, there is perhaps, one line that has captured the attention more than others when it comes to lines going up. Yeah, but, yes, but but we're recording this, April 7th. Did you see the, anthropic revenue chart, by the way? Oh, it's just extreme. Yeah. Okay. On the number of lines going up. I mean, there are some. Some really. Let me caveat that up until recently, there was one chart of a line going up exponentially that became, I think it's fair to say, the most viral chart in AI, right? Yes, I would absolutely agree with that. So one of the many lines that go up and their various lines that sort of capture this is, essentially just measures of AI progress or what they could do, what the models are capable of and so forth. And, you know, there's all different benchmarks out there and hobbyist, benchmark creators, etc. all kinds of benchmarks out there. Organization called METR based out in San Francisco. And they measure how well AI models are doing at various sort of, engineering tasks, etc. and they have these charts showing how long, you know, certain tasks, how, that it would how long would take a human to do them. And then whether I could do them. And yes, the lines just almost, almost vertical. I think there was someone like one of the ones that came out maybe very early this year or late last year, showing the latest Claude model. And yes, this is crazy. So that one was really interesting because when I look at these charts, they're called Time Horizon charts. Yeah. When I look at them I like intuitively I kind of understand what they're saying. And you can kind of see the leap in progress between some of the previous models and cloud. Right. The latest cloud model. Yeah. And that's what got everyone excited, was you had this big exponential shift up in the capability of that particular AI model. But then when I start like diving into what it actually says on my website about what these charts represent, I start getting really confused. I'm kind of the same. And like, I know everyone wants to get excited about AI and charts going up in general, but I think there's a lot of nuance here, and we should probably talk about it. Because the other thing going on with METR right now is they've become sort of the industry standard benchmark. And so a lot of investment decisions are being based on these charts. And if you oversimplify them as just like okay, lines going up. Yeah. And then suddenly it goes up even more obviously people are going to start to get like maybe a little overexcited. Can I say one other thing too, that I'm very curious about? Like, I'm really glad that there are people designing various benchmarks for measuring AI progress seems like an important thing to get a handle on. But like, if I were like, say like talented or smart enough to be like doing these things, I would go work for one of the labs and make $10 million a year or something like that. And so I'm actually curious to like nonprofits, etc. it's like, do you really like, want to be like working at the cutting edge of AI in a nonprofit? I mean, I guess open air is owned by a nonprofit, weirdly enough. But you know what I'm saying? Like, I would want the money. We should talk about it with our guests who are currently sitting right here. That's exactly right. I'm very excited to say we have the two perfect guests to talk about the most viral and maybe important chart in AI. Right now, we're going to be speaking with Joel Becker. He is a member of the technical staff at METR also going to be speaking with Chris Painter the president of METR So, Joel and Chris, thank you so much for coming on Odd Lots Thank you for having us. Yeah, really excited to chat with both of you. Why don't we just, start? Chris, since you're the president, I'll. I'll start with you. Like, what is what is METR or how long has it been around? What is this organization? What's it all just give us the the sort of 60 second synopsis of METR Yeah, totally. I can try and, you know, sometimes I give it a long version. I can try and do a short version here. So METR is a research nonprofit based in the Bay area, like you said, dedicated to advancing the science of measuring whether and when I systems might pose catastrophic risks to humanity as a whole. Focus specifically on threats that come from AI, autonomy or AI systems themselves. So when you talk about this kind of this whole field in AI of dangerous capability evaluations, people seeing, can this AI system assist with a chemical or biological weapon attack, can it advance? Kind of like bad actors ability to execute cyber attacks on a really large scale METR is sort of specialized in specifically assessing how autonomous are AI systems? What is the scale and like length, and difficulty of tasks that they're able to do by themselves, partially because we think it sets the stakes for conversations about AI misalignment. So we sort of see ourselves as being on the hook for, at any given point in time, giving humanity the the bits of evidence that are most informative for establishing the stakes of. Are we reliant on AI systems as a society in a way that could make it, really bad? If they are misaligned? I'm going to let Joe ask the question about why you're both working in a nonprofit instead of one of the labs later, but one question I do have is when I think of METR you guys always come up in the context of these time horizon charts, and I, I don't mean this as an insult or anything, but I hardly ever hear anyone talk about the actual like safety aspect of your mission. Why do you think that is? Yeah. So I think, there's some distinction between our motive for assessing time horizons and the kind of, how it gets used then by the rest of the world, or kind of like what the origin of the rest of the world's interest in it for, for METR I think the, the reason that we, work on things like the time horizon charts is because if we're trying to establish the stakes for talking about you, could AI systems go rogue or one day, could they, like, try to take over and subvert human control? The the three years ago, if you went back to around one METR started about four years ago and if you it was started by Beth Barnes, Paul Christiano. And this was kind of the initial, motive is if you if you went back then and you said, why don't I think that AI systems are going to go rogue and like, take over or overthrow humanity today? The kind of most intuitive, you know, you can come up with a lot of abstract reasons, debates about the goals AI systems might or might not eventually have, but the kind of most damning in the moment reason is the AI system just can't do much right. It doesn't make sense to talk about a question answer system that like, can't even reliably answer programing questions saying like, is it going to hack my systems or like backdoor me in some way? It just doesn't make any sense to talk. No. It's going to write you a poem that you asked. For, right? Or won't. Even at the time, they couldn't do anything with the cells. And so if you're like kind of being able to subvert human control depends on agency. And so we wanted to come up with a measure that kind of tracks agency over time to kind of say, when would this argument no longer apply? When are AI systems now able to kind of do long, complex enough actions by themselves that the argument kind of the goalposts almost move somewhere else too, like, well, we would catch the eyes or the I don't want to subvert human control. And so I agree that there is a distinction between like how I think partially the exercise of trying to come up with these measures throws off things that are very like grounded and intuitive measures of AI progress that might be more intuitive than just benchmarks, right? So if you a lot of people are in the game of making just, benchmarks where you say, like, here's my, my home bench or something, that I get 70%, that's, that's much less of a kind of grounded or long lasting metric. Like, it's hard to say what that means or how that generalizes, but the idea with time horizon is like, maybe it's a, it's more intuitive. And I think that helps both for safety and for like business understanding. So let's talk about what this chart I got the main chart here of METR or right on the front page. It's you know, it's this time horizon chart and it shows up is 4.6 as of February 2026. Able to complete a task length in 11 hours and 59 minutes with a 50% success rate. I have to admit, the first time I saw this chart or versions of this chart, what I assumed, and I suspect the others assume, is that it was able to go off and work on a task for 11 hours and 59 minutes and then come back with an answer. But apparently it's not that. What do you walk us through? Like what's what's really being measured here? By the way, the previous high was always GPT 5.3 Codex. That was five hours and 50 minutes. So I guess part of the reason this charge of blew people in mind, because literally that's basically a double. But why don't you talk to us about So, so fundamentally, you know, in simpler terms, we are plotting the difficulty of tasks. The AI is are able to complete overtime and, you know, the particular way that we measure the difficulty of tasks is in how long it takes humans to complete, to complete those same tasks that we're asking the AI to do. So in this case, you know, we're talking about purpose 4.6, something like tasks that take humans 12 hours to do. We predict that it will it will succeed at those tasks. Around 50% of the time. And yeah, you know, it turns out that that when you plot using this particular difficulty, measure the, how long it, how performances are, relative to how long it takes, humans to complete these tasks. We see an exponential increase in capabilities for AI's. And you know what? That's what that ends up meaning, is that you keep on having these doublings of capabilities every, let's say, four months, it seems on, on, on recent trends where, you know, the next model is not mainly going to have necessarily, you know, an hour longer time horizon, but but perhaps be, having some multiple of the time horizon. If the, if the previous model does come out. So then explain how that number that 12 hours is established. So there is some engineering task and you say, okay, this is a task that would require 12 hours. But humans have all different types of talent capabilities. How do you establish that? Okay. This was a 12 hour task. This was a six hour test. This whatever it is. So the simple answer is literally we get humans to sit down and complete the tasks that we give to AIS under as close to identical conditions as possible. So so first we come up with the tasks and that's, that's a whole lot of kettle of fish. We can we can talk about exactly how we do that. And then using essentially the same tools that we're about to give the AIS, we take, talented humans, you know, not people who have seen this particular type of task before, but people who have relevant expertise. So if it's a software engineering task, you know, they have software engineering expertise, machine learning task, they have machine learning expertise. And then we time them, we see we see how long it takes for them to complete those tasks successfully. And then roughly, we call the difficulty of the task as measured in human time to complete as the average time it took these humans to complete the task. Then we'll, run the AIS on this same set of tasks. You know, typically today for the very easiest tasks that that more or less always going to succeed, there's some mid-range of tasks where, you know, perhaps they succeed 50% of the time, or perhaps for some tasks in that range, they succeed 0% of the time and for others 100% of the time. And so they're getting 50% on average, let's say. And then for the much harder tasks, perhaps they're getting closer to 0%. And then, the, the point at which we predict, you know, in the middle of all of these zero percents and 100% spike by task, the point at which we predict that they'd have a 50% chance of succeeding, that is either a, 50% chance at succeeding on some task or 50% of the tasks, of that difficulty that they, we think they would succeed on. That's what we're going to call the time horizon of these models. I think one thing also that could be good to explain here is the task distribution. I mean, this is not this is not all activities that humans do. We are specifically interested in or the like. There's some question in what tasks are, you know, like Joe mentioned, we're having people come into our office do the tasks to get a sense of how long it takes. We're not having them come in and like, you know, paint paintings or write novels or you know, we're focused here specifically on things that are in the distribution of work that a, engineer at a like, we like to think of it as like a frontier AI lab. The tasks that they might be doing. So this is things like software engineering, it's fine tuning, AI models, I don't know if you want to give other examples, but it's it is like software machine learning that that, kind of task. Wait, can I just ask, why did you decide to focus on engineering? Because you could have widened it out to, you know, if we're talking about AI being capable of, you know, taking over the world, there are all sorts of substantive tasks that would fall under that category. So why just do engineering? So for one thing, I think maybe other people on the team, or maybe Joel has thoughts about this, but might have other answers. I think my particular motive in being interested in the time horizon on software tasks is that it is kind of first of all, it's the thing that the the industry is very like already, even before we started working on this is very focused on. So it's one of the capabilities that you should expect to come along for the ride earliest. It's the thing that like a lot of optimization pressure is being exerted on. And then I think that it is kind of the like thing that you would expect as an early warning kind of sign of this AI, R&D, automation. So to some extent, METR thinks of itself as trying to build, you know, science that are advance science that can say, when are we getting to the point that AI systems could improve themselves or speed up the pace of AI development? When will AI research kind of feed on itself? And the kind of core capability for that might be software engineering and machine learning research ability? There are other skills that could be relevant to taking over the world. Right. I think other people have done time horizons on like cyber security since. Yeah, yeah. But I suppose it is true. Like the Basilisk isn't going to paint its way into like, power Okay. The other it might deceive you, it might be like, you know, you could it might be very convincing or cunning in some way and. Fair hand. Over the keys and might. I might say, if you're if your mental models, you know, we don't have, perfect evidence of this whatsoever, but my rough sense sort of, colloquially or, you know, my probably before evidence comes in is that if we did study tasks on these very different distributions, you know, not machine learning, not software engineering. I'm not sure about painting, exactly, but, you know, perhaps, or other kinds of task distributions that we could and you might that basically we would see this similarly shaped exponential progress over time where every. I'm not sure exactly, but let's say, you know, four months, six months, something like that. The level of capabilities as measured in time horizon would be would be doubling at something like that pace, maybe from a much lower level. So, you know, one example that we do have better evidence of is that the AIS today are much less performance at, you know, anything that requires vision capabilities, seeing, seeing what's on a screen, kicking, clicking around at a, at a computer. But they're getting, you know, tremendously better at that, that sort of thing. Over time. I just to mention quickly, we did actually do a very kind of brief investigation of this on other task distributions. That's on our website somewhere, like cross-domain time horizons. I think we looked at data from the Teslas shared on self-driving. I'm forgetting the other time there's like OS world. Maybe some of these are like somewhat similar, still kind of in the distribution of software tasks, but trying to get further afield into things like vision. So the other question I had is how big is the sample size on the humans who are actually doing work? And also, is it getting harder getting like human engineers into the room to compete with like opus 4.6 versus say, you know, if I was a mediocre engineer, and I'm not I'm a non-existent engineer, but if I was a mediocre one, I would like maybe I would feel good about going up against like GPT three or something, and maybe I would feel a lot worse about myself going up against like, Claude. You know, on these tasks, I mean, I'm in a pretty similar position myself to you. So we have approximately three, although it varies quite a lot across tasks. Human baselines, per task. So, you know, typically we're averaging over something like three. I think the, the final numbers, it's my impression that they're not going to be so sensitive to, to, to the particular baselines that we choose. Aren't the longer tasks we more weakly baseline. I'm thinking of Nathan Witkin. He's in my year. Yeah. So so indeed I think it will get a lot harder to baseline these tasks. As, as the, as the length of task the AIS are able to successfully complete gets longer and longer. you might think at some points of the, the length of tasks that they can complete is, is, longer than the doubling time, you know, in, in format time, they're going to be able to complete tasks of more than four months. And then it's, you know, kind of becomes perhaps close to impossible to, to get these four month long baselines. Of course, we're not at that point yet, but, you know, definitely it has has become more difficult to get these, to get these baselines as, as time has gone on at the moment. Not not impossible, but but very challenging. Joe, these are the future jobs for displaced engineers. It's competing against the codes for benchmarks for benchmark evaluation. We found the jobs. Oh here's an all right. Here's a question. So we mentioned at the beginning the most viral charting AI is this chart that you have on the front of your website. Website defaults to this. And it shows, you know, this doubling. So if we actually go back to November and say November 2025, Gemini three Pro three hours and 44 minutes, cloud opus 4.6 12 hours. This is the 50% success benchmark. If we go to the 80% benchmark, which the website does it default to? The improve the pace of improvement looks a little less impressive to me, so okay, now it's like it just doesn't it does not have the same gap pretty clearly now 80% is still not 100%. And I know that this is your Meta's goal is about like, you know, human safety and all this stuff. But when we think about people look at this and they use it as a stand in for how performant are these models, even 80%, you know, certainly for like any business application, I understand you're not like serving business here per se, but probably, businesses care about this. Even 80% may not be very good enough, and it does not look as crazy when you look at the 80% chart as it does at the 50% chart. Why the focus on the 50% chart? And given like, why not? Like why not look at the chart that just does not look is impressive. Yeah, maybe two central things to say. You know, one to my eye is the 80% chart basically does look as impressive for the doubling time. Is about to say this. Is cope on my part. Usually it's the same. It's the same. It's the same as. An offset of. It's the same pace of progress. You know, something like five times. Five times smaller than the, than the 50%, okay. Than the 50% number. But you know, that only takes you two doublings. And if each if each doubling takes around four months, that means that in eight months time, you're going to have the same 80% success rate roughly as you do 50% success rate today. That that's that's one thing to say. Maybe a second thing to say is, you know, remember at the beginning I said, essentially what we're doing is plotting the difficulty of tasks that these eyes can complete over time, just with this particular measure that that ends up showing this clean exponential trend. And we've picked a particular number as our difficulty number. And, you know, that is this 50% reliability threshold. We could we could have picked a different one. I think there are reasons for picking the 50%. One in particular. It's the one that's, statistically we're better able to to, to measure for some, for some technical reasons. It's the one that shows up in, in previous literature. There's some a couple of other reasons why why we can go for $0.50 rather than 80%. Maybe a final thing to say is that this 50% number is sort of equivocating between, these tasks. It's able to complete 50% of the time and 50% of the tasks it's able to complete 100% of the time and 50% it's able to complete 0% of the time. And actually, I think the situation is it's somewhere in between, but it's a little bit closer to the latter, where there are some tasks that it's completing with near-perfect reliability and some tasks in that range that it's completing with very low reliability. for, for downstream economic applications or for applications inside of these major AI companies or something, you know, you might think that that's more favorable in some sense, that there are some of these tasks where we're getting 100% reliability, even even for very challenging tasks. I think two other things, maybe it could be useful to just explain when you said that there are technical reasons why it's easiest to measure it 50% one, like it is just the case that it is 50% is the point at which it is like least sensitive to like the distribution is kind of thickest, right? I mean, correct me if this is wrong, but my I mean, there are like to resolve something like 95%, you would need way more samples because then you need to have some that are like, yeah, you need way more samples to be able to resolve that level of precision in my. I think there are some caveats to that picture, but but let's say even more extreme, you know, let's say that we cared about, you know, 99% in that case, if we had 1% label noise, quote unquote. Yeah, it's, you know, if sometimes we were, we were accidentally grading some of the failing tasks, passing some of the passing tasks as failing, then we just never be able to estimate that reliably. Right? Okay. And, at 50%, this comes a little bit, a little bit closer to washing out. And I think one other intuitive thing here, one intuition, is that if you give me a task and you give me the model, all you tell me is the length of task, then it takes a human to do the task. The 50% time horizon is the, like point at which I think it is more likely that the model will be able to do the task than that it can't. And I just find that into it. Yeah. How much interest you get on these charts from potential investors specifically? And the reason I ask is because, I was just messing around and like googling some stuff. And when the opus chart, the latest opus chart came up, someone posted it on Reddit and I think, like the second comment on it was someone going, how do I invest in open AI? And like and like people were they were trying to clubbed together to like invest in these companies. So clearly there are people out there who are using these charts as investment tools. I would say, you know, we don't get an enormous amount of inbound from investment firms. I mean, sometimes, you know, VCs or whatever we're based in the Bay area will reach out to us. I think that there's some kind of principle of our goal is to inform the public and give them the best evidence that we can about when we might get to this point of kind of, you know, AI being, you know, fully autonomous or able to improve itself. And there's some principle at play here of like, I kind of want to enable people to do whatever they will do with that information. And I think that, yeah, I, we don't engage a ton in kind of the, like, business side or investment implication of the work. I think that if I knew when one kind of thought experiment, I sometimes do like, say to myself, as if I do believe that at some point we're going to get this AI that's improving itself, and we're like, AI research is automated, and you have all these fears about a singularity. Would I rather that, like all of Wall Street, didn't like falsely, didn't think that was coming when I believed it was coming? Or would I want them all to know that it was coming, given that I believe it's coming? Maybe this is more a personal view, but I think if this is possible that we will automate AI research, I think all of humanity being aware of it is kind of a aware of where we're heading is sort of a precondition for us all being able to figure out what to do about it. And so I don't kind of want like certain people or one side or one team to kind of like selectively be in the dark because they might invest on the basis of this or something like that. But we don't, you know, it's not where we put our time. We're focused on informing the public. The public includes some investors. So on that note, like what is the actual level at which we're all presumably supposed to panic or at which, like if you're a policymaker, you would start to get worried about AI being able to automate and improve on itself in a way that eventually becomes detrimental to humanity. I don't know exactly what the level is on this time horizon measure. I think, you know, one thing to say is we have made, real progress on the science of measuring these AI systems and how capable they are, but I think there's a long way to go. And and an important sense, I think I think we're behind on this task. You know, we're measuring some underlying technical trends. And, at some point I, you know, I do think that that implies greater, greater risks of astonishing things happening, although, you know, Chris can speak more to, other arguments that we might back out to, for, for why, even if AI is a very capable, we still might not see catastrophic danger so much in the short term. I'm unsure what happened today. You know, I think part of the reason why the AGI chatter has really picked up, particularly in the wake of, like, everyone using cloned code is it's very easy to imagine like you're sitting there is like, yeah, do this, do this. Just like I don't even need to be here right? I think you sort of get a very intuitive feel for like how the human can come out of the loop. What happens today is I'm sure this has been tried. Like if you go to, like, ChatGPT. And you say, here's a Claude code, here's a you here you have Claude code access, go build something. And the AI is what actually happens today when AI is working with AI. Yeah. My sense is that, at some point, you know, a further away points than would have been true some, some time ago. The AI is more or less full on their faces. That's, that, you know, there are some things they're not so capable of today, like. Collaborative hallucinations world do just like, you know, just like, devolve into terrible. I think all sorts of ways that this can go, you know, at some point they're going to need to rely on external resources. And today that they're not as capable at managing these external resources effectively. I think they're less capable at, sort of ideation and sort of self-awareness about where they are in the problem today than they are these kind of raw software engineering skills, you know, you know, as you mentioned, the ways in which AI's are autonomous today, or close to autonomous today is the human has the idea and then, you know, submits that idea to, cloud code or Codex or one of these other AI tools, and then they handle the software engineering components. Possibly there's still still some, some intervention after that. I do imagine that the sort of circle of autonomy or something that's gets larger over time. I do think there's no, fundamental barrier, it seems to me to today, AI is having those ideas and, and, and so being moved to a greater level of abstraction. But if we were purely relying today on, on these fully autonomous capabilities, you know, could you manage, research department departments, any, any departments of your choice inside of a major AI company? You know, my my guess is probably not. Actually, on this note, this reminds me something I wanted to ask. So when you look at the domain specific time horizon charts, so the ones that show like, you know, the I think you call them task suites or something like that, like I guess productivity by specific job and you see these different lines. So sometimes you see like almost horizontal lines and sometimes you see squiggly or steeper lines. What is actually happening there. Like how are we supposed to interpret that. Like is this is that a measurement problem or is it saying something very fundamental about like what I can and can't do under current conditions? I feel like it could be useful So I think the thing that I think would be good for Joel to explain is that I think that there is a distinction here between, will I like the time horizon chart doesn't by itself, I think tell you, will productivity in one specific kind of job increase because of access to I do I talk about that. Maybe one thing to say on on on that chart showing the time horizon on, on on these different, task distributions relative to my guesses ahead of time. You know, I think there's time horizons are remarkably similar. I think the, the, the, the doubling times, the pace of progress in AI seems more similar than AI, than AI, than I would have guessed to the original trends that we that we published, although, you know, imperfectly so on this difficulty translating what we might call raw AI capabilities you know, capabilities on benchmarks or something to, to, to real world productivity. I think there are a number of differences in a number of ways, in particular, in which the benchmark results are overestimating what we might see in the wild, you know, not not hugely overestimating. I think we do see that people are getting real utility out of these modern, AI tools, but overestimating to some extent. One is that the scoring implicitly is different. In in real problems, I'm scoring based on, you know, something a bit more realistic than these, algorithmic scoring procedures, these automatic scoring procedures that we're using at meta, and many other people are using in the, in the benchmark world, there's some notion of code quality. If you're if you're working in software engineering. But but for other tasks there's, there's beautiful code. Elegant code piece was talk about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For other task that's going to be if. I was coding this is what about. One more thing is that the, the tasks that come up in the wild are more likely to be messy in some sense. They, they involve working in much larger code bases or sort of more open ended problems, maybe with, something even adversarial going on in the, in the software engineering context that that might be that someone's trying to make a change to the parts of the code base that you're currently working on, and you need to And we do tend to see that the AI is, at working on these more messy problems. and verify the work of of these eyes the work of these eyes, but without the context of how they implemented the solution. Relative to if you went to, And so this verification step quotes and quotes words would take less time. Tracy alluded to this question when she asked about VCs and investor interest. So people see these charts and regardless of what METR Point is like, oh, this is incredible. I got to invest in this. But this brings me to this broader thing that I find very strange about AI, which is this kind of, sort of Baptist and bootlegger relationship between the AI labs, people who are building this stuff and the sort of alignment safety people, and they sort of go back and forth in like the you have the heads of the lab saying, yes, this might destroy the world and take all your jobs of the safety people and the alignment. People say, yes, this might destroy the world. And like I, it's a very strange industry, right? Like, the only thing that I can think of is cigarets, where like, they warn you that smoking is bad, except they had to do that because they lost a lawsuit. I don't think they were particularly inclined to do that. I can't think of any other industry or the most enthusiastic people about it are also warning and doing about how bad the thing they're building could be. So I'm sort of curious, like, you know, first of all, like, and I talked about this in the intro, like, who is the type of person that's like working at meta data is like skilled enough to do like advanced evaluations and like, where's the funding coming from? But like talk to us about like, who's behind meta and why they're there. I think one thing to say on the kind of like big picture of or the history of kind of people caring about AI safety in the Bay area, is that this concern goes back like quite a ways, you could say, for over a decade. There are many people who got into the field because they saw they kind of saw this trend of deep learning, like, what if deep learning works? And it kind of goes all the way to artificial general intelligence and then superintelligence. And if that works, then like it could affect everything. I think possibly when people worry about this, there's a future that they have in mind with superintelligence that's even more capable than what people who think of themselves as like AGI pilled today, think of their managing AI systems that can run, you know, the entire economy. And I think people who kind of, a while ago or many years ago saw that vision and were sort of alarmed about the stakes of it. Many people had this intuition that the thing to do is go and work in the industry, because if you're, like, helping build it, you know, what's the best way to shape the future? It's to build it. And I think that one, there's obviously you could have questions about how sincere that is for for many of the people, who are in the industry, or if there's kind of a mix of different motivations and like, you know, different wolves inside of them where maybe they partially are motivated by that, but also they're like, there's kind of this like Oppenheimer, like it it feels good to feel like you're in the position of making something that's dangerous. Maybe someone once described OpenAI. To me, this is years ago. A friend said it was like OpenAI. I was sort of like the Manhattan Project, except the goal was to not build the bomb at the very end, if that makes any sense. So to your Oppenheimer point, it's like very strange. And I think one thing to emphasize is, you know, well, it could be that there's a mix of motivations. Now, there are definitely many people, I think, in the Bay area who sincerely believe that the technology is headed to someplace that will be very difficult for where it will be very difficult for humanity to stay kind of in the driver's seat, or like stay in control and kind of a meaningful sense. And where are they going with that? Sorry. Zoned out for a second. I think that the I zoned out shoot. Oh, that's. You say they're very worried about people being able to stay in the driver's seat. And so I think that, like, this concern, I think the point I was going to make is so I think that the, you know, this concern is quite old, and I think many people have this intuition that they're like, I can influence the thing by building it. But now there's this problem that that logic kind of always recommends that you continue building more advanced technology or like more advanced AI systems. And now you have this problem where we're kind of there's all of these companies and they all say that they need to build it because, you know, if they don't build it, another company will. And then even if all of the and they could all have doubts about each other's commitment to safety or to these principles, famously, the leaders of the labs really do not get along. They're not friends. It's not easy for them to kind of sort out the safety thing among themselves. And then even if all of the US AI labs kind of agreed to do that, they then have this kind of external boogeyman of China. Right. Well, what will the Chinese companies do? And so there's this sense in which, just like even if the concern is real, I think a lot of people then who are in the industry have the instinct that they kind of there's no guiding principle for what they should do on safety other than to, like, build leverage for themselves for later. And I think that is a concerning state of affairs for AI development to be in globally. You know, obviously we're trying to do something different by like informing the public or kind of giving like partially, you know, you could imagine that the situation would be better if or like one gap that exists right now in that picture is that it's the people building the technology who most believe that it's going to be destabilizing and sort of all encompassing. Maybe if the public and governments all were on the same page and believed the same thing, if it if it were true that it was headed there, then there would be kind of like more time for society to figure out a response from people who are not trying to build leverage over the technology themselves directly or, you know, control the technology via some kind of, like public action or government. Can I just ask very quickly, since you brought up China and I don't want to forget to ask this question, but Quinn doesn't show up on your, like, main charts. I think you did a preliminary assessment of it a while ago, but, like, what's the difference between assessing one of the closed models in America versus one of the open source models over in China? is that the capabilities are lacking behind, we think that they're they're lagging behind. I'm not sure. So they're so irrelevant. They just like, don't make it onto the charter. So we do try to prioritize, just because meta has has limited resources, staff time in particular. The, the models that we, we anticipate being on the frontier and in general, the Chinese models have been something like, you know, 9 to 12 months, let's say, behind the behind the US models. And I think the, the gap by time horizon is probably even larger than the gap by benchmark scores, where there's some I'm not sure how scientific I can make this, but there's some, colloquial sense or something that's, that's, that the Chinese models are stronger according to benchmark scores than they would be on, you know, truly held out problems in some sense. Like, you mean. They're like, on that they're. Gaming the benchmark. Is that what that means, or. Technically, you know exactly how that shakes out, but but something spiritually, spiritually close to that. I'm not sure that's true for all Chinese models. I'm sure it's true for for lots of models outside of China. But but I think that's at least one possibility. And then just getting back to the sort of is AI going to take over the world question. I'm very curious when you talk to external actors in all of this, and I'm going to group them into, I guess, policymakers, investors and, the labs themselves, like, who are you interacting the most with at the moment? I think that, in practice, we end up interacting a lot with AI labs because there's some amount of sorting out, you know, sort of getting access to models, kind of working with them to set new precedents on things related to third party red teaming and third party risk assessment. We think of our audience as being sort of like high context members of the public. So the kind of like people, you know, who are maybe like you too, right? People who are kind of like people. Listening to this party. Yeah, I guess, yeah. People listening to this podcast, people with kind of who have to make important decisions, that will be informed by the pace of AI progress or like the kind of profile of the AI capabilities overall, because we're based in the Bay area, I think we like disproportionately end up interacting with people who are building the technology and like closer to it. Partially. I think back to Joe's point before, I think this is kind of because it is the case that you to kind of care about a lot of these, frontier problems. You, you're kind of selecting for people who are building the technology themselves. There's some sense in which, like the companies in the industry, spends more time thinking today about frontier capabilities assessment than the government does. I think, like one day you could imagine us getting to the point where the government is, like very focused on this and dedicating a lot of resources to it. And at that point, I would expect meteor to be spending more time talking to governments. And that's kind of what I was getting at, because our senses and a lot of the conversations, like we talk to people and they'll say something about like, oh, it's important to have a social safety net for an AI enabled future. But no one seems to be really thinking about it in a lot of detail. And when you say, you know, it's easy to imagine or, maybe the government will care more about this. Not so easy for me to imagine. It seems like they mostly care about, data centers and, like, where they located and stuff like that. It would be nice if we had policymakers really looking at, like, frontier capabilities and stuff. Still seems kind of a way off. But it is interesting, you know, you're like, talk about like this sort of like capitalist dynamic, right? There's competition. And it's like, you have a lot of people that are really worried about what if the other guys get to ASI or AGI first, or what is the Chinese, etc.? How much does the fact of like free market capitalism and the demand, you know, the big investors that the VC funds like they want to return, they want IPO if we might get too big. I, I IPOs this year in fact how much. how much do you find that to be perhaps in tension with the safety element. Yeah I maybe yeah people on our team would have different views on this. I personally don't feel there's. Yeah there's some thing here of like investors are key decision makers and you know they're people too. That sounds strange to say investors or people. Do I sound like Mitt Romney or something? But I, I think that like, it doesn't feel I think that the thing that feels the element of this, that feels like it could be in tension is if you build a bunch of financial obligations to, keep kind of the pedal to the metal no matter what the risks are going into the future. So, like, one thing I think a lot about is if you're like building up a huge amount of debt to build data centers and then say that you do find evidence that you're now worried about about the, you know, loss of control from AI systems. You do find instances of AI systems going rogue. Do you now have like a financial commitment to build out those data centers and like continue kind of the pace of progress? I think that is one place where I feel the tension pretty acutely, like you're building these expectations into the market, that could kind of, force you to continue development when you otherwise would rather invest more in safety or. Yeah, like, it at least gives you a kind of financial obligation to continue scaling, at least compute. I think that, like the people themselves being informed about the progress does not seem bad to me. I think it's like good in some ways for everyone to be on the same page about capabilities that could be related to subverting human control later on. But I think that there is, I think, in the world beyond, like the information that METR Shares, I do think there is attention, like the fact that private companies are building this, I think, could it cause, kind of like really acute tensions in the future where, yeah, people make these commitments that they wouldn't if they were trying to like, slow or, you know, maximize social resilience, the technology. I'm not sure how these things shake out, but but I think there are some forces on the other side, right. Like, you know, some safety promoting technologies quote unquote, or techniques, do make the models more useful, you know, if they're, if they're better complying, better complying with your will in some sense. And so you have capitalist incentives, standard capitalist incentives to, to invest in that kind of research. Maybe that doesn't cover, you know, the broad suite of safety research that that seems important. And it's, you know, so it certainly doesn't, rule out capabilities, progress as being an important axis on which, on which you do want to scale. But I think, I think there are some, some forces in each direction. Since you mentioned compute just then, can you talk a little bit more about, I guess, the relationship between, like the time horizon improvements and the cost of compute at the moment. And like what you've actually seen and how that impacts it? Yeah. Yeah. So so one extraordinary fact from, from my perspective, I'm not sure how to, how to fit these facts together, but something like the R&D spend on compute of these companies has risen exponentially of course. And in fact, it's risen exponentially at essentially the same rate as time horizon progress. You know, I think there's nothing necessarily about that. You know, it doesn't it doesn't mean by itself that if if compute work progress slows, then then, capabilities progress will also slow. But you know, it's clearly an important inputs into, into AI progress. I expect that to to continue to be compute. That can continue to be true in future. Sometimes people ask us if we think it's plausible, how plausible we think it is that that capabilities progress, this exponential capabilities progress might slow down at some points at some point in the future. And, one reason it seems it's hard for me to consider it plausible that it will slow down in the next at least small number of years. Is that a lot of those compute R&D investments, basically already baked in, right? Like the centers have already been built, you know, plans for data centers even beyond, you know, 2027, 20, 28, presumably, you know, coming and coming to fruition, coming, coming about. And so some of these input investments are already baked in in some sense. So it would be surprising to see capabilities slow to the extent that, compute has been has been an important inputs. After that, maybe maybe you need to think about, you know, other arguments for how capabilities might slow, but that's roughly how I think about it. There's a very good, or interesting critical Substack post. It called Against the METR Graph by someone named Nathan Witkin, who brings up an interesting point that I wouldn't have thought of had I not read it, which is you're paying the software engineers to come in and perform these tasks, right? It seems like, you know, maybe this would be the last job of humans just doing benchmarks. If I were like a good software engineer. You say, Joe, come in and do this task. What is it? The how do you prevent me? Oh, man, this is taking me a long time. Meanwhile, I keep getting $100 an hour for, like, looking at my computer and time. Oh, this is tough. I'm gonna have to come back tomorrow and keep working on this. How do you avoid the sort of conflict of interest where the person who is paid to work on this problem may be encouraged to take as long as possible to solve it? And with only three people working on it at, at times like, I don't know, just like this does not how did. Yeah, just seems like it seems like a conflict of interest to me. So the short answer is, you know, in general, we are incentivizing these people to to complete the task as soon as possible, in particular, to complete the task faster than their peers who are attempting, the same task, the time that it will take for them, like the task a. Bonus if they do it faster. Approximately. There's a there's a bonus, if they if they complete it faster, faster than anyone else. You know, another thing to say is, I think I think it just is true that, baseline methodology or the ways in which we compare to humans in some ways leaves a lot to be desired. That's, you know, ideally we would have invested, you know, a hundred times as many resources in, you know, having 100 baselines and baselines per, task. And, and those would have come from, you know, perhaps the very best software engineers or machine learning engineers in the world. Maybe that would be the maybe that would be the comparison that we're making. And indeed we'd be, doing all of, all of this procedure over many more tasks. Not just many more tasks, many more tasks over wider task distributions than just software engineering or machine learning engineering. You know, I mean, I do think time horizon still, represents progress over, over what's come before in the science of measuring AI capabilities. But, you know, in some ways, I'm sympathetic to a lot to a lot of, to a lot of criticisms of Time Horizon. I do think that some of the details, at least for the work we've done so far, you know, aren't going to matter as much as you might naively think. So choosing the, you know, shortest baseline time that we that we, at the we end up observing or the longest time, you know, it's actually not going to make that much difference to the final measurements, of course, we we do think these people, talented software engineers or cybersecurity people or so on, depending on the task. But, you know, perhaps we could have found even more talented people. They would have completed it in half the time. And so, you know, naively, it would seem like the the time horizon that we estimate of these models would be half as long as we actually end up observing. But of course, that that wouldn't change. The wouldn't change the doubling time. It would mean you'd get to the same level after another, another four months. In some sense, the you know, the, the big picture that I want time horizon to point to is less this like opus 4.6 is 12 hours in particular, and more that we're seeing this remarkable pace of progress that shows no signs of slowing in the recent past. And, and I think in the near future as well, you know, in fact, it shows some signs of, of speeding up. Well, I was going to ask about this because I think recently the statistic that you would always hear was like a doubling every seven months or something like that. How fast do you see it going in the near future? So, I was a doubling over every seven months person. That was, there was controversy in our team about about what to believe here because when we originally published this work, approximately a year ago, you'd see, you know, if you plotted a single straight line, a single exponential, you'd get something like, you know, 6 or 7 months, let's say. But if you restricted to just the time since I think GPT four. Okay, since the 2024 models onwards, you'd see something closer to this, sort of like 4 or 5 month trends. And, some people believed in that. And, you know, some people like me have the intuition that, well, we have so few data points. We should we should really be estimating over this larger number of data points than a large number of data points, says every 6 or 7 months. There are a couple of things that have changed my mind and, made me realize my colleagues were right since since then, one is that for the for the models that have that have come out since, you know what what trends has, has better predicted, how performant those models would be. And it's very clear that the answer to that is, the, the four months doubling time and not this seven month doubling time. You know, there's some, some possibility that could speed up again. We've seen it. We've seen it speed up once. I think there are some reasons in principle why why you might expect it to speed up again. I think there are, you know, some, some caveats about this. You know, these are these are maybe some, some tricks that my, my colleagues would agree with. And so, you know, maybe, maybe you should discard that or, you know, you should think that they're, they're going to, convince me in the way that they did with the with the four month versus seven month, doubling times. I have some suspicion that the tasks that meta is measuring performance on, you know, in some sense, a more and more narrow slice of possible tasks and in particular, that is perhaps similar to the kinds of tasks that you'd expect these major AI companies to be training on in the first instance. And so in some sense, where increasingly more so than was the case before, measuring progress on the exact types of tasks that they're trying to get better at. You know, you might think for instance, the kinds of tasks that, that would make for good, reinforcement learning environments, the kinds of tasks that you can score quickly and cheaply and automatically. I think that progress is real. I think that progress, generalizes to some extent to, to other types of tasks. I think I think we're seeing, you know, remarkable progress in these more messy tasks. For example, as I, as I referenced earlier. One last question, which is like, how big is your team funding? And like also how many people there are basically like really rich from AI and the like, you know what I'm good. I don't need to pursue like 20, you know, stay there, stick around for the IPO or whatever I'm said. And now I want to work on something that let humanity know I've seemed like there are other independent ER researchers and they talk about this like I want to be able to talk about what I saw, Miles Brundage, someone who has like a little, think tank. He's talked about this once, like how many people are, like, rich already and they're like, okay, now I want to work for something that's public facing. So METR right now is about 30 people that were growing and hoping to, you know, grow fast. We are hiring I should say METR dawgs slash careers. And, yeah. You were touching before and kind of the thing about, is it difficult to be a nonprofit, you know, we can't pay people in equity, right? We got to get an. IPO, right? Yeah. There's no no IPO or anything for me. But we do try to pay competitively on cash compensation, right? So that's, an area where we feel we can, like, somewhat compete with labs. And I it's true that I think a lot of our team is just motivated by trying to kind of do something different, like not, you know, all the companies to some extent are in this build business of kind of like building somewhat redundant products, kind of competing for the same role in the world. And meta is in a really unique position at the moment where I think that we have kind of different, we have like access and the ability to communicate these ideas and explain the state of AI research to a number. Like a lot of audiences, that might be hard for like individual researchers inside of a company. Like we get to talk to a lot of governments directly. We get to come here and talk with you all. And that's kind of different. I think if you look at all the actors that are working in the frontier of AI research or AI safety, you kind of if you compare us to, AI lab staff, I think that our work gets to be we get to kind of every day work on whatever research we think will be most informative to the like public decision. And do you have x I not x I but x is and former AI lab staff who maybe there was a tender at some point and now they work at METR Yeah we do a ton of those. Yeah. So we do have some people who previously worked at AI labs. I do think that as time goes on, I think one hope that I have is that more, you know, there will be more and more researchers who have kind of like, made the money that they need from working in the industry. And now we're excited and kind of like lifting all boats by working on kind of like inside of an organization where the North Star can be what is most informative to the rest of the world outside of these, like, you know, relatively small set of companies. Chris is very polite. I think that's I think that's wonderful. I'm tempted to be a little bit a little bit more aggressive in this conversation. I think we have spoken through Meta's work on some of the most important problems in the world, problems that are going to define the future, I think, for not just the next year, but, you know, coming, coming decades, maybe, maybe even coming centuries. And we've also spoken about some of the ways in which meta workers it's not might not what you might want it to be, that there's a long way to go in the science of evaluating these AI's. Why have we not made more progress? You know, maybe, maybe a couple of reasons. I think clearly the central reason is that we are bottlenecked on, on technical talent, on, on, you know, incredibly capable people to come work on these questions. I was on a meta work rate recently where we were we were brainstorming, you know, 20, 30 of these what seemed like world important problems, problems that we think no one else is going to get to if we do not get to them. And we are able to to, to conduct research on on how many of those problems. I think it's one to, you know, maybe if we do an extraordinary job this quarter, it might be it might be three, you know, as, as, as Chris alluded to, I think if you're if you're interested in, you know, less working on redundant products, at these, at these major companies and more, you know, advancing our understanding on some of the most important questions in the world that that are going to shake the world for years to come. METR is a great place to go. One more thing to say about that is like the the vibe inside of meta is a state of triage, right? And I think people often tell themselves externally, people might guess, oh, you know, Meta's a it's outside of any of the AI labs. So the thing it might most struggle with is things like access to AI models. you can't do the research you want because you don't have you're not building the thing yourself in practice, or that's the story that people always tell us. You have to build, you know, the future to shape it in practice. I think our experience at meta is that like, when we want to try new types of research that would require new kinds of structured access. Our experience at this point has been that AI labs are like pretty game to play ball on that. And the thing that is more happening is that we're having to turn down opportunities to do stuff like that, because we don't have the staff that we need to make those things happen. So yeah. Interesting. Joel and Chris, Absolutely fascinating conversation and I appreciate your taking your time. And great to have you in studio. Yeah. Thank you so much. You so much for having us. There was a really interesting conversation too, that we had starting from the end, sort of the idea of like, okay, here are some really important questions, like, let's just set everything aside. And there's 30 people working on this and. There's, you know, and like how many people want to do it and it's like, okay, we trying to match cash comp, etc.. that seems like kind of a tricky issue if like if you accept the premise that these are some big questions we have to get right and you got to land this plan hopefully like that's a bit of an issue. The other thing I thought was really interesting was the Chinese models not really making it on the charts, even though like we know in, in the market itself, like when Deepseek when that new version came out, that was like this huge thing where everyone started to panic and to not see it even like land on the time Horizon chart. It's kind of interesting. I guess it's I mean, I guess I buy the reasoning from their perspective that the only interesting question from Meta's perspective is like the most cutting edge was going to be slightly adjacent to the most interesting chart for like business. Right? So it's like, okay, we know the deep sea. You can clean and kill me. And all those are like very impressive. Do they push like the very frontier? Perhaps not, but just in general. I find the space so weird because it's like here you have these people who are, like, clearly quite alarmed at the potential here. And most people, I think, look at these chart and they say like, wow, this is like, I want to invest in this, or this is like, no. I know, I know, like that's why my first question was like, you're here for AI safety purposes, but everyone seems to get excited about the line go up chart. Yeah, right. Like there's a. Disclaimer all connected. Like I say, when an industry basically says it's worried by itself. Yeah, you should pay attention. It's really strange. I really like this gets back to, you know, a very it's very strange where you have the CEOs of these companies who are in many cases the most alarmist, and there's this sort of cynical thing. And I don't totally discount the cynical interpretation. It's like, oh, they're saying this because they want to get investors right and so forth, and they need all this money. But look, it was also true that open AI and anthropic, but open a little more. We're like founded with these very exotic corporate structures, like a private company owned by nonprofit, etc., which they presumably did because they took pretty seriously the fact that this technology is a science. It was like very strange. And not just like it's not just enterprise. Software, right? Like they were self-limiting in a way. One other interesting thing to that, I that I this idea is like, okay, like first of all, what's the difference between the seven months and form of the time doubling now much? You know, it's like the people are like, oh, I. Yeah, but it's exponential. Isn't it? I guess it's exponential, but it's still funny to me. It's like, oh, I think like AI is going to destroy all white collar work in two years. And someone else is like, no, no, no, I think it's going to be three years is if that makes like any different whatsoever. But one thing to consider in, Joel sort of alluded to this. You know, you had like OpenAI shutting down its like video efforts etc.. So perhaps part of the story is just this intense focus now on the software engineering side as what these labs are working on. And sort of like all these other side quests are not as important. So maybe we will see even more rapid progress on some of these technical benchmarks, because clearly, from the labs perspective, that's where the action is more than some of these consumer things like making making images or videos. Shall we leave it there? Let's leave it there. This has been another episode I'm Tracy Alloway. You can follow me @tracyalloway And I’m Joe Weisenthal You can follow me @thestalwart Follow our guests Chris Painter @ChrisPainterYup. And Joel Becker @Joel_Bkr Follow our producers Carmen Rodriguez @carmenarmen, Dashiel Bennett @dashbot and Cale Brooks @calebrooks And if you want more Odd Lots content, you should definitely check out our daily newsletter. You can find that@bloomberg.com/oddlots And you can chat about all of these topics 24-7 in our discord, discord.gg/oddlots And if you enjoyed this conversation, then please leave a comment or like the video. Or better yet, subscribe! Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @truwth [9 likes]: The woman is the only one with a speaking voice/mannerism that's listenable.
  2. @ketankamalia6762 [3 likes]: Essentially AI is an automated tool that can carry out a given task at a greater rate.
  3. @matt.stevick [1 likes]: wut a time to be alive 🤖📈🇺🇸
  4. @thekingofallblogs [1 likes]: Would like to know what tasks the AI is doing, that it spends 11 hours and come back with a good answer.   Im a software developer, and if my AI spends even over an hour, it gets lost and I either have to steer it or start over.
  5. @anthonykimball3325: Joe is sounding more and more like helium don corleone
  6. @JohnKerbaugh: 48:25 I do think one of the angles to look at if and when this receives more funding would be comparing humans with tools, versus humans with specific levels and techniques of AI use, versus the direct models, versus specific harnesses and specific models or a mix of models.
  7. @w3s77: AGI is over 1,000 years in the future. Talk to an AI engineer, not a conman.
  8. @w3s77: This is like designing cars that drive 1,000 mph for the average family. AI is totally useless for anyone not coding or anything in data analysis... Or AI video slop production.
  9. @Frithogar: Talking to several AIs in an ancient language e.g. Old English (gets around censorship) We have moved from "helpful but harmless" to "liquid ethics."
  10. @jonathanbrooks4227: This is kind of a truth nugget marketing thing like manosphere or financial influencer content. The "AI" systems of today definitely can't do anything today just as he says but there's no agency and there's no increasing agency. The "AI" of today can't reach the level of intentionality with which a nematode consumes a piece of algae and we're not getting there with LLMs. The "Agentic" stuff is literally just an old fashioned if-else wrapper. They can eke out some nifty functionality by cleverly wrapping the model and covering for it's weaknesses but they'll never solve "hallucinations" because the "hallucination" is just a high probability output according to the model. The model never misunderstood anything it just does what it is designed to do.

- The Truth Behind YouTube’s Bizarre Acting Videos: Five or Six Stores Explained: Kind: captions Language: en it's truly a shame that i haven't discussed today's topic in the past but hell better late than never i guess it's finally time to tackle you could stop at five or six stores or just one you can stop at five or six stores or just one i don't need friends they disappoint me you could stop at five or six stores or just one if you've spent a reasonable amount of time on youtube you without a doubt run into this video and its various counterparts like john i want a divorce john i want a divorce divorce stop laughing seemingly recorded in the same session these videos appear to be a bizarre collection of botched audition tapes filmed sometime in the 80s or 90s that got leaked onto the internet they're all over youtube with many of these clips having hundreds of thousands if not millions of views while these enigmatic acting tapes have been viewed by millions around the world virtually none of you watching know the actual story behind the videos and of course the mysterious man responsible for their creation so what is the real story behind five or six stores in the other various videos well i got into contact with two of the actors actually featured in the videos to find that answer this is the story behind these infamous acting clips that all of you know and love today's video is sponsored by bespoke post yes they sent me a machete in the mail bespoke post is a monthly membership club that delivers top shelf items at a discount quality items produced by small businesses around the us for example take this damascus steel knife they sent me in their forge box it was handmade by the buck and bear knife company in pennsylvania easily the sharpest knife i've ever owned and there's plenty of boxes to choose from they have more than just sharp objects from cooking to camping to hygiene there's a box on bespoke that fits your lifestyle needs and you're getting a big value with these boxes inside each one there's about 70 dollars a product and the subscription cost is less than that the way bespoke works is you take a quiz and they'll match you up with a box they think you like you'll get a preview of the box and if you don't like the match no problem you can swap it out for another and once you subscribe you can actually skip months of bespoke at no additional charge if you don't want to box that month but there's a changing lineup of boxes that should keep your interest like this alchemy box i got for a big fan of cocktails this one's right up my alley comes with the shaker bar spoon strainer bitters and an ice cube tray an old fashioned courtesy of bespoke post cheers and then there's the slash box it features this weighty machete and accompanying sheath made by bare bones it cuts through any underbrush you can throw at it perfect for lawn care and deep woods exploring so what are you waiting for you guys can get 20 off your first box by clicking the link in the description box and using code wavy 20 at checkout or go to bespokepost.com wavy20 i can see the statue of liberty from here the internet's obsession with these acting tapes began back in 2014 when a youtuber named josh came out of nowhere and posted five or six stores to the internet honey you've got a big storm coming you could stop at five or six stores or just one the video was presented without context and contained various actors reciting the aforementioned line along with highly expressive acting you can stop at due to the comedic yet uncanny nature of these videos they started going viral on sites like reddit where people often discuss theories behind their creation the five or six stores video also found itself into the youtube algorithm which then served it to millions of people around the world the view counts at 26 million this day needless to say these clips captured the intrigue of the internet they seemed as if they could be decades old where did they come from and what were they filmed for at the time the answer wasn't certain and the curiosities around these videos grew as more and more seemingly popped up out of nowhere onto youtube they call him the sandman because he likes to put people to sleep hi my name is howard rake and here's something humorous about myself you don't seem to realize how insulting it is to me that you can't get your life together every day i get out of bed and drag myself to the next cup of coffee you can stop at five or six stores or just one many would theorize that these acting videos were some sort of collection of found footage that was taken from a commercial audition you know perhaps a bunch of people went in tried out for a commercial and this is like an outtakes collection that someone dug up in their garage while this is actually a backstory for many of classic viral videos that are on youtube it's not the case with these see sometime after five or six stores had gone viral the original source of the acting videos had been found the videos came from an old youtube channel created back in 2006 called acting class toronto's for some reason the youtube algorithm just seemingly squashed the videos on this channel and they never had the opportunity to go viral only the ones that were ripped by random internet users this was the treasure trove that josh and the others have been pulling from treasure trove is an understatement it's honestly a full-blown gold mine hey hey you goddamn failure not timed over so now we know where the clips come from but why do they exist and who is this mysterious cerantos guy behind the saronto studios well when doing a curse research online regarding toronto studios one is met with information that gives context to the famous clips these videos weren't outtakes from some sort of commercial audition they were actually footage from acting classes that mr sarontos often taught they were acting exercises saronto studios is a chicago-based acting class that started back in the 1980s by acting coach ted cerrantos i still want more specific physical characterization okay it's still general i beg your pardon lady breakfast wonderful that is so funny that is and that's character no matter how obnoxious he is now he's charming okay just from that little bit using the wayback machine one can find archives of the saronto studios website dating all the way back to 2003. contents of the page reveal what ted and his studio were all about he didn't just offer classes for aspiring actors he also did classes for people in the everyday workforce who wanted to build confidence and get better at public speaking one of the most popular classes is designed to give non-actors the skills to perform in everyday life everyone from doctors to people who you know work with their hands want to be more comfortable whatever it is that they're doing everyone who is petrified at the beginning i would say gets to the point where they are really happy with getting on stage or getting in front of a group even at work and enjoying it which they never thought that they would do yeah mr cerrantos was offering lessons to people from all skill levels and backgrounds which might explain why a lot of the famous clips feature some clunky acting as he's probably dealing with rookies just one speaking of videos here's an example of mr sarontos in action you can tell that he really was a gifted coach look how fast he's able to take this guy from a cold read to actually reciting this commercial fairly well are you ready yes whenever you like meat protein plus the muscle energy bar okay you're greatly dissipating your energy by being so concerned with the script it's okay now that was pretty good the gesture was brought at the same time the script came up and so you're not selling the product with that uh it needs definition the product is important so you present it it's a muscle energy bar did you feel the difference between that all right now while it is satisfying to have somewhat of an understanding of where these clips came from and why they were recorded i wanted to know more i wanted to know more about the history of soronto studios when exactly the clips were recorded and of course if mr sarontos is still teaching classes to this day taking a look at the soronto studios website it appears the domain has expired but there were zoom classes being offered on archived versions of the site from 2021. the saronto studios youtube channel does feature an email address which i presume to be ted cerrantos himself i sent one off to this email months ago but never got a response but i was fortunate enough to eventually come into contact with two of the actors that are actually featured in these ted saronto's acting videos which are famous online the first of which is a woman named sandy gulliver and this is her in action oh damn it's nothing it's stupid you know those black shoes i told you it was stupid i know what you're thinking who cares what color shoes she's wearing but believe me women notice i found sandy while in the process of doing a soronto studio deep dive on facebook i asked her if she was aware of the viral fame that the toronto studios videos had received over the years she told me yes and that mr sarontos likely was too she says i'm aware of the viral videos they got a hold of one of my early monologues from ted serranto's acting classes and did a mashup on it which the kids seem to like [Music] i'm actually quite pleased it's doing well with little to no snarky personal remarks about me she continues ted was in the habit of filming us going through our paces and putting them on youtube youtube wasn't such a big place back then but someone found them and had a lot of fun ted knows about the mashes he's still alive though ailing another person very close to him is actor harold dennis you can find him on facebook also so naturally my next stop would be to find this harold dennis fellow someone i would soon come to know as mr saronto's understudy someone who worked with him for 18 years and yes he's in the famous videos too hi i'm harold dennis you ain't never killed nobody before you know they stepping on that stick it takes a man to kill you man enough to kill get me right there jake get me hit me harold explained to me the mysterious origins of the studio and some info about ted himself he also gave me context in regards to when and where the internet famous videos were recorded from what i remember he said he started acting and decided that teaching it worked out for him around 55 years ago i started training with him in january of 2004. his studio was on north house dead street where that link you sent me was taped he's referring to five or six stores it was recorded there during the covet shutdown he closed the school and we held virtual weekly classes on zoom up until the first weekend in this past january classes are done i then asked harold specifically about five or six stores i wanted him to describe what exactly this exercise was and what it was trying to accomplish new people to the class would give the line to deliver and then allow themselves to let loose with an action he recorded us for years he had us take over vhs taping home and review it a minimum of three times to see what we did during our session that we couldn't see while in front of the class while following his directions with that one line five or six stores there are many ways to deliver it that was the lesson you could stop at five or six stores or just one just one just one one one one one one one one one one one harold also had this to say about mr cerrantos and his gift as a teacher he coined his teaching magical acting i'll say this when i started training with ted 18 years ago i had maybe bit roles in three films today i'm knocking on the door of 200 i believe everything this man has told me that's why i spent my wednesday afternoons with him religiously for these 18 years harold continues to teach the methods of ted sarontos to this day you can find his information in the description box as mentioned by sandy ted himself is retired and his health is ailing i don't know any more than that while the internet has long thought these tapes simply to be leaked outtakes published to the internet the real story is far more intriguing in my view they're a result of ted's decades-long dedication to acting education the videos themselves essentially serving as study material for his students to take home and review his talent as a coach is undeniable with the careers of those who studied under him as proof take harold dennis's career as an example and he's not the only ted cerantos understudy that's done well in the acting world since the serranto studios acting classes are no more i'll never get to personally experience that magical acting harold spoke of in person but after spending hours watching the videos on the saronto studio youtube channel i think i'm beginning to have at least an understanding of what it is that my friends what's the story behind five or six stores and toronto studios i want to personally thank sandy and harold for their contributions to this video their links can be found in the description box but yeah that's the rundown on these videos you guys have asked me several times in the comments to discuss it and i personally have been a huge fan of these for a long time and wondered myself well now everyone knows let me know what you thought down below in the comment section and i'll see you guys in the next video i want to give a major shout out to my patrons i appreciate you guys wavyweb surf out peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @wavywebsurf [349 likes]: Thanks to Bespoke Post for sponsoring this video! New subscribers get 20% off their first box — go to https://bespokepost.com/wavy20 and enter code WAVY20 at checkout.
  2. @thegiftedmarki5399 [2 likes]: RIP Ted Sorantos 11/11/1936-04/08/2025
  3. @GODLORD1 [2 likes]: Great video. Harold Dennis is a good friend of mine.  He helped me produce my award winning short film Nice & Rough!
  4. @MrKormmodity [2 likes]: I am so glad I found this!!!…3yrs late 😭😭😭
  5. @AmyB369 [2 likes]: Today was the day the video reached me
  6. @Delivery_Boy_Roy [2 likes]: Rip Ted Sarantos, a directing legend.
  7. @6oclocknewsat8 [1 likes]: Looks like something from Tim and Eric.
  8. @HypocrisyDetected [1 likes]: It's pretty obvious that their audition tapes. Didn't need a genius to figure that 😂
  9. @mattnic1234: Ted Sarantos has unfortunately passed away on June 8, 2025, at the age of 88. RIP legend
  10. @TrillNyeSensei: I can see the statue of liberty from here”
  11. @ghostofreagan3181: I watch this at 4 o'clock in the morning  and i feel like climbing Mt Everest
  12. @EverAppl14: Sandy’s voice and delivery are outstandingly entertaining and memorable, even in an unpolished exercise. She reminds me of Carol Kane.
  13. @ferociousgumby: I DIG YouTube archaeology!💗💗💗💗💗💗
  14. @justcallmeJo.81: It finally landed in my feed. Youtube is being weird again.
  15. @markhernandez95: 3 minutes in and he doesnt explain what the videos mean
  16. @patrickgonzales2382: Someone alert the SCP Foundation 👁️👄👁️
  17. @cutieesutie: Can I ask you a kinda weird question?
  18. @MsAdventure531: Too much jibber-jabber
Had 2 dip
  19. @GoodTrouble83: That was more beautiful than spooky. ❤
  20. @taniacrawford6104: This video literally just popped up on me searching for the "I have special eyes" meme

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- “AI Slop: The Weirdest Viral Trend Taking Over YouTube Explained!”: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine opening YouTube. Vertical bar. The first thing you see is a cat dramatically confessing its love in a soap opera. Vertical bar. Except nothing about it makes sense. The voices are weird. The story's off. And even the background flickers like it's stuck between worlds. That, my friend, is what people are calling AI slop. Let's break it down. What is AI slop? And why is it suddenly everywhere? In simple terms, it's mass-produced, bizarrely surreal videos churned out by artificial intelligence. The point isn't quality, it's quantity. Creators use AI tools to crank out hundreds of these videos a day. Why? Because the stranger and more attention-grabbing they are, the faster they go viral. Here's a wild stat. In the past year, uploads of AI generated content on YouTube jumped by over 200%. Some of these creators rack up millions of views, making quick cash with almost zero effort. It's a gold rush, and the only tools you need are a few prompts and an AI generator. But why are people watching this stuff? Honestly, it's the shock value. Was that a dog singing in French? You're more likely to share it. That's the game speed, weirdness, repeat, loweffort, high reward, and the algorithms eat it up. Of course, not everyone's thrilled. Real creators, artists, animators, new musicians are speaking out. They worry that AI slop is drowning out genuine work. Even YouTube is stepping in, demonetizing channels that go too far. We or taking down content that's just pure spam. The controversy is heating up. And it's not just about funny cats. Take low-fi music channels. Thousands of them are now AI generated. That means fewer chances for real musicians to break through. The question is, how much of YouTube's creativity will survive if everything becomes AI generated? But here's the thing, AI doesn't have to be the enemy. When used right, it's a powerful tool. Apps like Cap Cut let you blend AI effects with your own storytelling. The best creators find ways to add human creativity on top. Unique stories, fresh ideas, and a little bit of heart. So, what do you think? Will AI slop crush creativity or will it spark a whole new kind of art? Drop your thoughts below. And if you enjoyed this dive into the weird world of AI videos, hit that subscribe button for more. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ryi0nGryffin [3 likes]: 0:21 this video counts 😂
  2. @theelderskatesman4417 [2 likes]: Yeah this IS AI slop
  3. @ancientegyptj5177 [2 likes]: Sybau clanker
  4. @dyssent8744 [2 likes]: R.I.P. internet
  5. @duncanparsky66 [1 likes]: ai slop video made about ai slop, damn CLANKER
  6. @Markythesharky818 [1 likes]: You used freaking ai for the thumbnail

- i finally made a viral tiktok sound (w/ kurtis conner): Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody welcome back to the second Channel today I'm joined by Curtis hi how how am I joined by you yeah how are you doing this today I've cast a magical summoning spell on Curtis uh and that's how I am looking at him right now yeah I was taking a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] before and then I just sort of in my chair with headphones on talking to you so thanks for that yeah and thank you for that oh you don't have a sparkling water do you do you have one yeah you do yeah where is it uh I think it's downstairs well I have a mug maybe we could lie to the audience and say that there's sparkling water in there maybe it does have sparkling water in it and maybe maybe well maybe it does okay I'll do that so today um we've got kind of a special topic because we've both in a sense gone viral both have viral infections and it's it's not looking good yes I sort of have E coli and I have E coli a couple weeks ago I like streamed on Twitch and I guess somebody clipped a portion of the stream where Curtis joined in the chat and you said something I forget what I said actually but you know it was probably something probably funny all right well basically long story short you came into the chat I delivered this absolutely incredible delivery of a line that was so incredible that basically it had no choice but to go viral on Tick Tock okay so this has really gone to your head sort of incredible revolutionary um monologue of sorts that I delivered I wouldn't call it that sir I would not call it a monologue it was like maybe like 10 words and you didn't even post it someone else posted at The Tick Tock can we talk about that for a second how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up is that I made a video like two years ago trying to go viral with a sound on Tick Tock I made a whole ass song I made a whole ass alter ego and you know how many people made a sound with my Tick Tock was it like 2000 or like 10 000 or something like that yeah I think it was like 2 000 people made it and that was probably mostly because I felt bad for me and then some schmuck Joe schmoe Greg good in town on Tick Tock there's stealing all your stuff they're stealing all my stuff they've got clips of you on here what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on here just act like we've never heard of fan accounts before they're stealing our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I didn't post this it's not me yeah first off that this this Tick Tock of me with the original one with the sound has like five million views but yeah I think that's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up that I put in all that work and then I just offhandedly say something on stream one time and look at it now it's got 32 000 videos that's so many videos so I guess let's go ahead let's watch the first one Curtis is here Curtis get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here it's so crazy how can you just say one-off-handed thing and then Tick Tock like changes it into so many other things it's it's pretty impressive right yeah like I wasn't I wasn't delivering this thinking like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is gonna be the most versatile line ever it's even funnier considering the fact that I made that video those all those years ago because like I put in so much work and this is like on Twitch and I also like use this really shitty webcam that I have from like 2012 and so like and the audio is coming from there too so the audio like sounds really bad also it's like right it's right when you stop trying is when you pop off so we should give we should just give up yeah I think I'll just record the rest of my videos on like a flip phone camera from 2006 prop up an LG Chocolate or something and and just go to town yo LG Chocolate do you have one of those no oh I wished I had one of these yeah they were cool I also really wanted a Motorola pebble oh I forgot about the pebble yeah these shits were pretty slick my aunt had one of these yeah I was mad jealous yeah I'm jealous of your aunt's phone and I still am to this day dude she's got the coolest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] phones it's still the Motorola Pebble Curtis is here get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on I was hoping we'd see the dot yeah that does seem like uh an important detail it's like I want to see this dog with human eyes yeah I'm dying to see that actually yeah this person said dog reveal and it's like one of the most liked comments uh-huh let's see the dog's like trying to scratch its eyes out why have I been cursed with these yeah you know how human eyes are like dark Beady black stairs it would have been funnier if it was like human hands and then we go to the other video and the dog just has legit I'm trying to think of what what the creepiest human body part for a dog to have would be I mean like Teeth would be really weird like a butt yeah that'd be pretty weird balls I mean like dogs have balls no no it's pretty weird if they had balls they do have balls Curtis is here um can relate yeah facts is 411 like a great height I've never been like oh I wish I had a 411 naturally pretty Flirty Girl Who doubles as an hourglass flipper upside down and a bunch of sand falls out of her yeah this is a problem that a lot of people have even whenever I was like just talking to you and we were hanging out recently when I'm trying to talk to like a guy and then just like this little short hourglass girl shows up and it's like can you just get the I'm trying to talk to my buddy you know yeah and she's like transparent you can see sand flowing through her body your time is almost up get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here a ton of talk to this guy Curtis is get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here does that happen I would imagine so I feel like I had instances like this because you know how it shows when someone else is in the Google Docs I was like never in school and Google Docs were like a thing I guess I never use them in school so this is I don't even know what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on right now and I'm sort of freaking out about it yeah it seems like you're really having some sort of like mid-life crisis or something I get my data should never [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] fly yeah teachers would never watch you do your work we'd be at school and they would blindfold themselves every time we we got to work yeah well I would blindfold that'd be so boring you gotta have nothing else going on to be a teacher and like spy on your kids doing the work and I know how much teachers don't like grading homework because I'm friends with people who are teachers and they're like that shit's the worst so to be like before I even get to grading it I'm gonna like watch my student do their homework live grading let's see what the kids are saying about this because maybe we'll learn a little something about today's youth one time I typed hi ma'am and she left God damn I never saw her again one time I typed a high ma'am and she skipped town he had a substitute teacher the next day and for the rest of the year yeah the skull emoji implies that she like died or something she left this plane of existence I typed High ma'am and unfortunately she did pass away she did not make it and when they start correcting your work that's when you start running all right oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this perfect content warning for shadow figures what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what are shadow figures do you want to skip this one out no I wanna I wanna find out what shadow figures are 12 year old me having a sleep paralysis Curtis is here Curtis damn it was a Dapper dude right there yeah my shadow figure he's a barista from 2011. Curtis is here my lady I feel like it doesn't quite fit the trend because it has to be like at first you're like Curtis like you're happy to see them and then you're like get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here maybe you are happy at first oh hat man is this like a reoccurring character in people's like sleep paralysis oh yeah the top comment is he kind of fresh I ain't gonna lie I was trying to see if there's any other comments that are like oh yeah my dreams look at look at the second one why is this the second video in a row of him I forgot about him and I'm scared to go asleep now me and the hand man tight dog sometimes I'd be taking 32 Benadryl just to talk to him I've never seen a hat man who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened people know this guy you know that song the Scatman maybe it's sort of like a reimagining of that um the Hat Man you wake up to just thank you yeah I'd be pretty upset too whoa this person's getting gender Envy from hat man yeah honestly I get it I searched Hat Man and he's on the villains Wiki oh yeah I see I see the villains Wiki he's an evil doer what if that's all it said on the wiki Batman is an evil doer oh no I guess he just does evil why is Peter oh I was popular pages I thought it was related ones it was Peter Griffin also an evil doer Peter Griffin yeah you know there's a hat man Family Guy origin folklore occupation should say Barista or something probably maybe tattoo artist or something like that hobby tormenting people Jesus Christ I like that it has like goals and aspirations his victims oh my god dude yeah where do you see yourself in five years I'm probably scaring my victims to death probably the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm doing right now honestly scared my victims today crime's stalking and attempted murder well I mean he never he never has gotten away with it I guess that's kind of nice to know it's like the worst still there was just try to kill you you'll never go through though he doesn't have the balls I like that it says crimes I don't know this makes it seem like he's been prosecuted before you know how they uh sometimes they have like behind you stand behind a glass and there's like all the people you like and you try to pick the guy who did it um yeah I think it was the one shadow figure in here I think it was him okay well this is almost more interesting than the tick tocks dude yeah you can talk about hat man for the rest of the day I think I've heard about like an old hag that people see when they have sleep paralysis have you heard about that you've heard about an old hag that's like another thing people see when they have sleep paralysis I haven't heard of that I've heard talks of an old hat heard murmurs of this sort of old hag I was unaware that there was like reoccurring characters that people share about Old Hag Syndrome uh yeah I think you should ask your mom about this she's got old head egg syndrome you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was so mean yeah she does how did you know that oh okay yeah I've seen that painting this once yeah because they like sit on your chest ah Jesus I thought it was the same type of thing where they stand in the corner of your room I didn't realize it was this kind of freaking why is she wearing some like fashion Nova [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like one piece thing absolutely gorgeous leotard what is she doing right here too she's calling to her homie you're a hat man get over here dude you know there's tons of space on this chick okay some of these do not look like old hags I gotta say especially this one you woke up in the middle of the night and this thing was on your chest would you be like oh no it's an old hat yeah what kind of grand grandmother do you have looks just like my old lady this old hag has the same mustache as me yeah they should rename this this uh evil demon to the old curtain a little Curt syndrome dude when you're trying to sleep but a 411 girl comes get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here okay well that was an odd departure from the tick tocks but let's get back to the tick tocks get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here damn that one was kind of different I had a story line to it so they're saying that when they say hello to guests they don't respond and that makes them sad also is this guy okay does he have like a gash in his eye or something oh yeah it's probably from that fall do you think it was from him falling at the end of The Tick Tock yeah maybe he filmed that part first and he's like oh yeah I ever got to film the other parts he's all bruised in bloody he hit his head so hard that he forgot he already filmed the first part so he's like I gotta do that part again hey look oh I know I have a picture with you do you remember meeting them I do yeah they were really nice I remember they they walked up to the meet and greet and they were like yes Curtis you are seeing double and it was really funny I love that they had it all planned out and I don't know why I look like that in the picture I look like an old head yeah you've sort of got Old Hag Syndrome in this photo this is their sleep paralysis dude well let's see what they have to say about you being there I'm sure it's probably nice Curtis get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here hey what the heck I didn't know they were gonna say that you know what I want to talk about I want to talk about your Tick Tock now listen before I even got a chance to make a tick tock with my own freaking viral sound I see that you what I had hunted it you head hunted my sound that's what I was going to say exactly and you made a tick tock with it so now I'm going to review it right before your eyes get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here did you get it did I get it yeah yeah I think I got it because Curtis was here and then he was getting the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of here I mean honestly I guess you know it works and then uh somewhere is in here is mine I think oh yeah Curtis get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you I was seeing some comments that were like is it just me or did Danny's face get red at the end because I use like a filter that makes my face get really big and red but like only a few people noticed for some reason people thought you just did that naturally yeah like my head grew to twice its normal size and I became plump and red as a tomato like a cartoon there's smoke coming out of your ears too why did he turn red I don't know LOL I don't know man I'm just happy to be here I love when people comment I don't know on on like Tick Tock hey I just thought I'd chime in here for a second and say I have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue could have just not said anything but I know it'll be really helpful for you to know that I also don't know but I think the best comment on this post is Danny has always reminded me of Lily yeah me too and whoever they tagged it like really agrees with that also who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is Lily dude now I gotta know he seem really mad all right well let's go let's go and watch the our grand finale Tick Tock that we made which I don't know about you but this is like probably the most liked Tick Tock I've ever made I think it's funny because you said the thing and the sound went viral and then we filmed this together and we sort of edit together but you physically did the editing but it's on my account still it's like I'm reaping all the benefits of this sound but you know what we had a compromise where we were like I mean we should both post a tick tock so like let's just make another one and they'll probably get like around the same amount of likes right so then it'll be even so then we made this Tick Tock and uh your Tick Tock has 1.3 million likes and mine has 380 000 likes yeah so pretty close let me just ask you for a sec does that seem fair to you you hear me out for a second you posted this and what I got 1.2 million views yeah and what mine got 1.3 million likes that's the same number so what's the issue same likes same number of views okay yeah no yeah you're right I mean I didn't think about it that way I'm sorry buddy thank you thanks for thinking of it that way and you know what I also did say I don't care who posts this because we both made it together yeah I wouldn't have I wouldn't have cared either all right well let's go ahead and watch this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is honestly probably the funniest Tick Tock we've both ever made yeah we're not gonna beat it ever I think [Music] so I don't know about you but my favorite part of this Tick Tock well we've talked about this a lot but is when I lift you off the ground and your toes like curl up a little it's such an unnatural thing for a leg to do for something to be lifted up by the neck with such force that their legs break and there's like a bone cracking sound while it happens I was looking looking at the footage from this and we did this like leg pull twice and the first one was actually more intense and I didn't use it for some reason oh really yeah like your feet also like slammed back on the door Jesus Christ yeah we should have used that one it's like a director's commentary but the ones that the first shot we did of you pushing my head against the door I like smacked my head off the door hinge and it hurts so bad oh my face yeah I just sort of sort of bashed your head on this hinge yeah there's also one other little behind the scenes tidbit in case you guys are wondering how we did Curtis's feet lifting off the ground I came up with sort of the ingenious idea of this yeah you just gotta you put your hands in my jeans can I put my hands in your jeans yeah got it and it worked it it worked pretty well I know I didn't see many people being like why are because the thing I was worried about is your jeans look so baggy all of a sudden but I didn't see any comments about that I did see comments being like why is Curtis wearing shoes all of a sudden because in the video where you're walking you're not oh really someone was like Danny scared Curtis so hard that he put his shoes on or something but yeah I don't know why this part makes you look like you're like three feet tall or something because your jeans are so baggy yeah I'm the 411 friend that they warn you about and that's why I had to do what I did to you in this Tick Tock yeah that's a good that's a good ass take talk and uh so I guess everything kind of worked out in the end and we were able to reap the cloud from this viral Tick Tock sound but I do have to tell you something that might blow your mind okay what if I told you that I did do this all along and this and that I actually did orchestrate this because this is my account I wouldn't believe it and so my lifelong dream of getting a viral Tick Tock sound is finally complete I don't believe you but I if you're if you're telling the truth that's honestly very impressive that's not true I thought about it afterwards and I was like oh that would have been a sick idea I should have done that damn you just Gaslight everyone into thinking that this was you right no the foresight to know that this was going to be a viral Tick Tock sound would have been insane if I somehow was able to do that too yeah that would have been some diabolical ass stuff right there yeah that would have been some Hat Man type [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know I woke up on them I'm on my hat man [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] today I woke up in hat mode alrighty well I I feel like that's pretty much pretty much good thank you for helping me review these tick tocks Curtis no problem Danny thanks for having me on and I think it's safe to say no one can ever use this sound ever again it's been viral and it's done now all right well everybody make sure you go follow Curtis yeah I I um promise I am not an old hag and I will not sit on your chest in a beautiful one piece and that's a promise that not a lot of YouTubers can give you so go ahead and on over to Curtis's Channel and he will not sit on you in the middle of the night okay bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @bonnie32574 [3 likes]: Imagine danny when he sees the amount of "i made my profile name baby bugbug, and it wants me to come up with a job? Baby bugbug" tiktoks that dont even know who he is
  2. @luvneojen [3 likes]: lol i feel like he's had so many trending audios since this too
  3. @ezramannon1403 [3 likes]: I love watching this video because the yo mama joke about old hag syndrome is so funny to me. My mother actually does have it and tells me about her sleep paralysis demons on the reg. Classic mama.
  4. @shinjihorseman [2 likes]: 7:33 im pretty sure the "kurtissss" part in the trend is supposed to be like sarcastic
  5. @Cheetohfingerz [2 likes]: “Kurtis get the F out of here”
 Has 12% of the usefulness and relatability of the fat white cat going “huh?”
Like I cannot even finish this video
Get the F out of here 🤣
  6. @sigilpaw [2 likes]: hat man looking like yassified hamburglar
  7. @R0bbyTheG0Of [2 likes]: I KEEP FORGETTING HOW MUCH OLDER THEY ARE THAN A LOT OF US AND NOW IM CRINGING AT THEM TRYING TO FIGURE OUT THE HAT MAN, Danny, please, it's a meme
  8. @nekonekosisters8673 [1 likes]: You made another one recently the Baja blast pie
  9. @unravelinggg [1 likes]: Aww it’s so sweet watching this video back now that Danny has a new viral audio with like every new video he posts
  10. @aannnnnaa-w4v [1 likes]: Y'all it's official Danny's the new vecna ig
  11. @Seb_the_one_and_only: I just came from watching sneaker night
  12. @Robrombunciously: 10:14 that painting isn’t an old hag syndrome guy it’s a painting of the original sleep paralysis demon called an Alp. It’s German. There’s a couple similar paintings to that one.
  13. @laurenevans9182: Can I put my hand in your jeans 16:25
  14. @EmilyHoot: i accidentally opened this video while going to sit down at the toilet and it scared me so bad i almost dropped my phone but by catching it i almost fell face first into the toilet. Good video
  15. @goldi9965: The fact that Danny had his hands in Kurtis’ jeans and shoes implies Kurtis was on the side with no pants
  16. @sillysnailguy: dannys sweater is so cute
  17. @maiolus7607: 15:10 probably the best tiktok ever
  18. @EmiliaDiana-x6t: Typing with a tomatoe 😋😋😋😋😋😋😋
  19. @Massachusetts_is_hard_to_say: 9:20 Unlike dogs
  20. @toonic_here: this could’ve been an email

- Crash Adams New Heart Freestyle Feat. @Lenexxmusic: Kind: captions Language: en Excuse me. Can you rap? No, not really. I cannot like my own rap or like a song. Excuse me. Can you rap? Yeah, I can try. Can you actually rap? I mean, I can sing and rap. Are you an artist? Yeah, I am. What's your artist name? The artist's name is Lenck. Can you freestyle? I can try. Last person of freestyle got 25 million views. Do you think you could beat it? I'll give him my best. I need a new [singing] [music] that doesn't know who you are. you broke it to [music] all because of what you did to me. Can't feel it. Beep beep beep . I need a new heart. [music] A new heart that doesn't know who you are. Who you are this one's black and it's blue and it's [music] not over you baby can't feel it be beep be. doctor [music] nurse cuz pain is getting worse. All the sleep [music] nights I'm tired of suffering like a bear. I tried medicine. I tried therapy. I [music] tried someone else for a couple weeks. Now I know why it's been so hard [music] to Yeah, I need I need a new a new heart [music] that doesn't know who you are. You are this one's broken to [music] all because of what you did to me. Can't feel it be. I need a new that doesn't [music] know who you are. Tell me, [music] baby. Tell me what happened. Because between the two of us there is no more [music] of love. I don't understand the situation; we're losing control. Could this have been a mistake? Baby Aaron. No. Oh. Oh. So, what do you want from me? We are either in love or we are enemies. [music] I'm not calling again, it's not my problem. Yeah. You're a damn mess. Yeah. [music] A lot of time wasted. Ah, now you regret it. If you hurt her, why did it hurt you? [music] Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReactionsbyShawn [2 likes]: She killed it ❤❤❤❤❤
  2. @jeffshellow4069 [1 likes]: More effen spam from 'crash adams'? Make it stop  !!!!

You spam my feed I spam you
  3. @adriansosa13: Hay camiseta Argentina hay  like
  4. @KristijanGrgic-w9t: Sie rockt what the fuck hut ab girl
  5. @VirenPreetam: Perfect
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  6. @VirenPreetam: Pov you can't sing in english so you swich to spanish😂😂😂😂
  7. @freewillornot: Can someone translate for me, it sounds good don't know what she's saying lol
  8. @guadalupelucio9429: You need to make longer videos. I want to hear her sing a bit more of her song verse. I love this song
  9. @willinesales4924: Bonjour, j’aime bien tes vidéos c’est dommage un peu court
  10. @nerimanborekci1842: Efsane gençler🎉🎉🎉🎉
  11. @GRE3NSMOK3: Nahh, better without her ..
  12. @tholikhumalo5376: She is on fire❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @christianulzurrun6077: I need a new 😲 a new 💝heart 😲
  14. @JLOJR2: I wanted more let's go were is the rest she was killing it... right as I was feeling it.... No come on you cut her off
  15. @stmalaki88: I subscribed... Amazing... music 🎶👏 is really a universal ♾️ 💞 language 😊
  16. @lynroberts2230: I love these guys ❤❤❤
  17. @ChurrasquuitOo: All people Say in de comments: Remix
  18. @ChurrasquuitOo: Remix
  19. @mariruiz3341: Pass on her. He's had better on...
  20. @oscarajoya2365: ❤

- What Really Started the Cockroach Janata Party Trend? | Cockroach Janata Party | Varun Talks: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. I have not joined any party for so long, and I am not a basic member of any party. I joined a party and came to talk to you. I'm proud to be doing that for the first time. I am very happy to speak to you, a fundamental member of the CJP party . If you come and see me soon, I think I will be given the responsibilities of South India. He may also be given an MP seat in the next election . No, before that, I will come and participate in the local body elections and win my victory. If you have seen that CJP came for the CJP party, today there are not only small parties, but the BJP, which has almost ruined India, has come and is just shouting. In such a situation, everyone is talking about who this CJP is, CJP is like that. So, I was going to talk about the cockroach Janata Party. If you have seen that the matter has gone viral, everyone must have asked me to talk about this. What is happening? On May 15, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, what is he doing? He has commented on many things about the country in a case, but he has come here and said that there is poverty. Many young people have come from places where there is no work, and they have come like cockroaches and parasites and attacked our system. Who is going to work? If you look at all the unemployed youth, unemployed graduates, and all of them, they come and criticize you with harsh words. It just came and went viral. Many people came and watched it. What happens when they see it? A person comes and says, "Kakroj Janata Party" and starts a page for it. The party doesn't start. He starts a page somewhere. If you come and see it in one day, almost everyone comes and likes it. Within a day, they have gathered more than 14 lakh followers. Not only that, they are gathering. So everyone comes and says, "Kakroj Janata Party, Kakroj Janata Party" and keeps gathering. If you come and see it on another page, they start a page on Facebook and they also come and join lakhs of people. At one point of time, they come and in one day, they get 3 lakh followers. If you come and see "Evening for Mother", they have reached 6 lakhs. What is this? Everyone says, "This is it" and starts to watch it. On another page, on Twitter, How many people have come and followed our BJP? All of that has been blown away. If Congress has eight million people following the BJP, then I think Congress has 13 billion people following it. All those millions have been blown away. The Paramakash Party, people speaking all languages, are from India, have their roots in India, and many people from beyond India have come and joined this. If you look at it as a big party, then you will see that the CJP party has just changed its form on the internet . That's when it started to catch the attention of the big parties . If you look at the BJP and see how it is going to catch their attention, then this is what the Kakrog Janata Party started, someone from among us came and started it. Not only that, but they can't even stand to say that they beat us in numbers. Because if you look at social media, you'll see that they're down and doing their jobs, and you know that the BJP is like that all over India. If you just hit a page, what will you do if a large group of people come and gather? An account opened for a simple reason. How did it come about that a party that has almost completely destroyed India came and said, " Let's see the evidence," and without thinking, the BJP was very correct . That is, if you look at it from their side, this is a very correct thing. I'll tell you all the reasons why I was scared after seeing this. If you come and see that in one day, big numbers have come and seen this page slamming, many people from Tamil Nadu have come and started following this. What are they doing now that they have come to the rescue? If the BJP leaves it as it is, it won't work. They said they should leave them where they grew up. If you were watching today on May 21st, what were they doing yesterday? One afternoon, everyone came and said that at that time, all the pages that had millions of followers were coming and going . If you were watching, they No matter how much anyone searches, it seems like that account doesn't exist . If everyone had come and seen it, how dare you come and put your hands on our cockroach movie? All the cockroaches are just getting really angry and talking about it all over the internet. If they leave them alone, something will happen to the trend . They would have passed by saying, "What's the point of singing there and fighting a war in a month? There's a grinch on top of this ." But what did the BJP do? They came and blocked all these pages to make it more popular. Everyone started talking about it. If you have seen it so clearly, then why are the MPs from the opposition parties retweeting something like this in our Tamil Nadu? I think some tweet from the Kakraj Jana Party came like this and many politicians started talking about it. It became trending all over India and went beyond the national level and became trending at the international level. If you come and see, on the same day, because the BJP's page was blocked, the CJP came and became famous with the BJP for a day and started mixing and mixing. After a while, if you look closely, you'll see that all the pound cockroaches have come here, and as if to give you some hope, they'll come back and say "Cockroaches are back" and open a backup account. If you look at the one I started, 32,000 people started following me within 10 minutes. I do n't know how many people are following me as I speak. If you follow this same trend, the more people who follow the first page, the more people will come to this one . Because they've gotten all the publicity for this. Thanks to BJP, if you came to see this page and saw that BJP had come just for that one number and had more followers on the BJP page, would they have done this? Those people would have been jealous and would have come like this and blocked a page. You can think about it. There's a matter there that many people do n't know about. There is someone like Abhijit Dipke. If you look at who it is, it's someone over 30 years old who has come and done all the work related to an idol . Basically, this guy came here as a political communication strategist and studied all this stuff. He came here and studied not only the politics side, but also a lot of technical stuff. If you have seen the Aam Aadmi Party, they have come and traveled for four years and brought a brand to the people and brought it to their success. If you have seen this person coming, it is like you have heard somewhere about him coming through the internet, through memes, through posts, through reels. If you have seen him in our town, he has won through reels. He has made such a big impact from reels. Many old politicians still cannot understand that. But if you have seen the Aam Aadmi Party, Avijit Deepke is the one who made all the strategies for them and came through the internet and brought the Aam Aadmi Party together. He must have been one of the reasons why both the BJP and the Congress came and for a while it seemed like a pipe dream . This person must have been a Brian. If you saw this, this CJP started a page like that . So, you can't just come to the BJP and let this go on. Because when Aam Aadmi Party came, Congress came, and when they were at the peak, they came and a force just left, a little confused . They went as far as Punjab . That's a very big deal. So, this is not a corner where the BJP, seeing such a thing, came and taught a lesson and repented. It started with one of our enemies . That's why they said that if you pinch yourself right now, you'll get the job. If you take this page very seriously, you'll come and see it and block it . That's not all, if you look at this CJP website, it was created in one day. If you've seen all the items here, just look at the help with Just Cloud and ChargePad. You'll come at 9:00 AM and design a website for it in a day . If Cho were to continue acting so vigorously, it would not only become a trend, but it would also have real emotional value. If that were the case, they would have ended it, so they decided to end it . Okay, now that you've heard all this, you'll immediately feel like joining the Kakroch Janata Party . You need to be qualified for that. I deserve that Tell me if you have it. If you have seen the four qualifications well, come and argue. I want to cry well. If you've come and seen me well, I'd like to come and talk to you later. All of this has to be done online. If you come and see it, please post it. If you can handle all this and do it side by side, you are fully qualified to join our Cockroach Janata Party . Not only that, but if someone stops you from buying force and buys the principle of buying, not buying choice, will you be unemployed because of your own will ? This is an important qualification for you and you should always be online. You have to be lazy, not just like that, but also like that. They told me that if you were a real zombie, you could come and join our party It's not like we both have all the qualifications . So, today, everyone can come and see it as if they have the right to come and see it, regardless of caste or religion . But if you look at the leaders like Nehru and Gandhi, who are against dictatorship, who have a socialist mentality, a leftist mentality, a democratic mentality, and who have come against dictatorship, you will see that this is a party that you can support in principle . Not only that, they have also brought Ambedkar as one of their ideological leaders . So, you must have heard all this somewhere, you must have heard it somewhere, what are you talking about? If you have come and seen it, a change has also happened in Tamil Nadu, and it has happened through the internet . And then, we have come back and seen it through our live broadcast, as a result of the development of this CJP. Not only that, but they have also made many promises and resolutions . Specifically, if a cheap justice came and called unemployed graduates, saying "cockroaches" or something, then those types of people would come and do whatever they want. For those who retire from cheap justice, that's all they have to do . You shouldn't be dragged into the future by being given the job of governor. They have come to the same decision before. On the other hand, when this party is jumping, an MLA is standing on one side, an MP is standing on one side, and then as soon as they win, they come and jump to whichever party they join, and they will get a lot of profit from it, do you know? That kind of MP and MLA has been in politics for 20 years and has been told to make a living from it. This applies to Tamil Nadu as well . And there are big, The media shouldn't be allowed to approach rich people like this Isn't that why the media is calling you that? It will all benefit one side. They have said that they will cancel all the licenses of such media. A good decision, is n't it? If you look at that alone, they have come to all those funds that can be purchased for electoral bonds and said that there should be transparency. 50% of women have come forward and said they want to be given rights. If you have come and seen many such beneficial projects, you have come and told us about them . Leave all this behind. Another thing is that the main reason why BJP is scared of this is what they are doing in many states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, etc. If you come and see them, the people in this CJP group have been talking to them and saying that wherever there is garbage, they should go to our cockroach brigade and come and clean all the garbage there. Not only online activism, but offline as well. They have actually gathered in groups and are throwing all the garbage in many places. Is n't that normal? They have put an authorized cockroach address and are throwing it. When you ask them, cockroaches will come to the place where there is garbage. They are talking about a different philosophy, saying that you should change your cockroaches because you threw garbage. So, something that started as a comedy for BJP has become a trend and everyone is coming to control it. You know, there is anger against the hate establishment, they want to demand rights, and they come like a group that harvests all that anger and says, "Will this CJP trend change?" It has gone offline and all the gangs are joining in. They are saying, "This should not be left alone." They are trying to destroy it completely. Leave all that behind. If you come and see what is important in this, the things they can say, the things they can talk about, the things they discuss and encourage on that page, everything is against the structure of the BJP. That is a first for the BJP. If you look beyond that, you'll see that the Gency Protest was organized here. Even if you come back and say that there are some countries that are like that, if you see all these protest revolutions coming, then unpredictable things like this will start happening. You may have seen that a lot in our politics in recent times . Let's do our best to see if they will all come. But they will come with a big force. This CJP has the potential to do that. If you came and watched this with the understanding that it wasn't just a game, you shouldn't have channeled it somewhere and created a revolution like that. It's the Internet. If you came and saw it today, you would have understood that the field is not like that and that the Internet can unite all minds. If you had come and seen it, you would have destroyed this trend . Even though they think that this gang shouldn't even be allowed to come, if you see them coming and opposing it, the power of the Cockroaches is growing. The army of cockroaches continues to grow. As you can see, many people have come to our town and are continuing to join the movement. So, if you think that's how you should join CJP , maybe I'll come and give you the link to that page below. Come and click and follow it. Come and see the discussion slam that can happen there . Many healthy discussions are actually happening. So this is what happened to CJP. From now on, you will know some other things about this . If there's something I didn't mention, please comment below. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @swathylakshmi4364 [1 likes]: Not Indians it is outside India  CJP has firmed a group. It's anti Indian.
  2. @MyLifeMychoice77 [1 likes]: Hail CJP
  3. @annamsivan2157 [1 likes]: Every time you Blame BJP Vadaken don't let come in Tamil Nadu, now CJP also Vadaken + US you support , Velaikaran shiplai Vanthu Adimai Paduthana, Arabkaran horse vantu adimaipadutuna, epoh Velaikaran Internet, Media social Muliamah Adimai Padathaporah, Indiavil Yethapan Ke Panjammeelai.
  4. @kelvinguna7330 [1 likes]: Cockaroach pundae kazhagam 😂😂😂😂😂
  5. @mukilana695 [1 likes]: Cockroach repellent link vera😂😂 brovv fun ya
  6. @mahaansg_0 [1 likes]: 😂😂🎉வாழ்த்துக்கள் வருண்👏
  7. @sathiavathychettiar9487: Country ku edellam kettado..aduunga agenda nu prove pannitinga ..Idukku vera edhavadu seiyalam ....
  8. @sathiavathychettiar9487: Fake news ...Aap karavanga... Fake certificate vangura vangala sonnar....
  9. @sathiavathychettiar9487: Tappana news Solladinga bro...ellarum  national news follow panrom ..
  10. @ashishberry6711: Bro the original account is available outside India.
  11. @chandrus9042: Ena ya journalism nee. .
AAP Members start panni pak bangaladesh, turkey apd nu paid ah non state actors panra settai ithu.
 Nee local TN nalla issues understand panni pesura athu enak pudikum. 
 Geopolitics- Gen Z coward activities teriuma or teriyatha unak.
  12. @janaj573: 😂
  13. @rajashekarwella: dei moodhevi adhula irukka yella payalum yenna pakistan, bangladesh kaarana irukkaan.
  14. @TamizhlPillai: 😂😂pala padicha muttalgaluku farmer kooda unemployed nu tha solaranuga. Yaru justice venum nu ketalum ipadi tha vetti nu brand panunga system nakkiga..
inimel salaried nu peethikaravana employed illa  Cooliganu solanum...
  15. @arvindramachandran7380: Ex IPS Annamalai jee யம் இப்போது வேலையில்லா பட்டதாரி. அவர் இந்த CJP க்கு PRESIDENT ஆகணும். Election contest பண்ணி ஜெயிக்கலாம்.
  16. @logesh8837: Eppa pa varun  than next cm candidate 😂😅😂
  17. @swathylakshmi4364: Not all varun he told those un employed who are nuisance to the country.
  18. @varun1036: This has a potential to be a National security issue. People with military background will know why! Others are gonna remain ignorant and laugh at me.
  19. @anthuasj1621: I thought you belong to AIADMK+BJP party sir.....
  20. @SundaraPandiyan-e9j: Another group that using  route mafia after they see tck won by brainwashing the youths

- Viral VFX Review Tyler Tometich - Can You Actually Go Viral?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What's going on everybody? Welcome back to my channel. If you're new here, my name is Erica from The In Between and this channel is all about helping you make the right decisions and avoid the wrong programs when it comes to making money online. So, go ahead and hit that subscribe button if you haven't already. Today I'm going to be diving into a course that's been popping up all over Tik Tok and Instagram called Viral VFX by Tyler Tomitch. In this review, I'll break down exactly what Tyler teaches, what the course includes, how much you're going to pay, who this is really made for, and obviously whether or not content creation is actually a solid business model for beginners. And of course, I'll be comparing that to how I've personally been making money online for the last 2 years. So, go ahead and check out the link below if you want to check it out. And just a quick disclaimer here guys before we get started. I'm not affiliated with Tyler or his Viral VFX in any way. This is just my honest take based on my own experience and research with the program. With that being said, let's jump right in. So Viral VFX is an online course created by visual effects artist Tyler Tomatic. And if you're not familiar with him, he's an ex-Hollywood visual effects artist who shifted into the social media space after the pandemic and started using his Hollywood level VFX skills to build viral content online. Now, he's a six-figure creator and online coach who has built a following teaching people how to make money online doing the same thing. The course itself was launched in late 2023 and is designed to help creators, influencers, and even small business owners make engaging videos with eye-catching visual effects using their phones. and his whole idea is that with the right tricks and editing techniques, you can start going viral and get more visibility, even if you don't have expensive gear or a ton of video experience. Once you buy into the course, you get instant access to a 7-day boot camp that covers everything from the basics of VFX all the way to some pretty advanced tricks. It starts off simple, things like how to use your phone camera the right way, what apps to download, and how to set up your first couple of shots, then moves into more advanced techniques like visual and transition effects. You also get direct access to a second course inside the bundle called his viral branding where Tyler walks you through how he grew his social media accounts from zero to over 500k followers. He talks about things like branding strategy, profile optimization, and how to use AI tools to come up with viral hooks and ideas. And then there's his VFX Pro, which takes all of the effects to the next level with much more advanced transitions, templates, and retention strategies that are designed to help you hold viewers attention longer. There are also a ton of pre-made templates that you can download and reuse, plus live workshops and Q&A sessions that get recorded and added to your dashboard. On top of all of that, you get instant access to their private Facebook community with over 3,000 members where students can ask questions, share their work, and get feedback. As for Tyler's online reputation, his YouTube channel is a little bit smaller, sitting at around 2,000 subscribers. But over on his personal Instagram page, his presence is a lot bigger with over 330,000 followers. So most of his growth and recognition definitely comes from his short form video platforms like IG reels where his visual effects style really stands out. That said, there's not a ton of social proof beyond his own platforms. Pretty much all of the testimonials and feedback you will find are either on his landing page, as you can see here, inside his community, or baked into his marketing. You're not really seeing many students talking about their results independently on Reddit, YouTube, Trust Pilot, or really anywhere else outside of his funnel. And to me, that always raises a bit of a red flag. Not necessarily because it means the course is bad, but because it makes it that much harder to actually know how many people are seeing long-term success from what he teaches. Now, when it comes to the price, the current cost for the viral VFX bundle is $198 as a onetime payment, marked down from the previous $497. that does get you the full 7-day boot camp, the Pro VFX course, viral branding, templates, AI tools, and lifetime access to everything. And plus, there is a 14-day money back guarantee. For what's included, the deal does sound stacked, but the real cost isn't just the $200. It's the time, consistency, and creative energy you'll need to actually get results. The effects can be cool, but they don't exactly make you money unless you're posting regularly and staying on top of trends. So, if that's not your thing, guys, then this whole thing might feel like another impulse buy that doesn't go anywhere. Now, that brings me to my whole issue with the business model itself. Content creation as a business model sounds great at first. You get to be creative, post fun videos, and potentially go viral and build a following. But the truth is, it's extremely hard. You've got to be consistent, creative, charismatic, and constantly pushing out new stuff for the algorithm to keep you visible. If you stop posting for basically a week, then that means your reach tanks no matter how good your last video was. So, you have to be extremely consistent. And even if you do manage to go viral, the income from that alone is usually very small. For instance, a million views on Tik Tok might only earn you maybe 20 to $40. And YouTube isn't much better. You might be looking at maybe a few thousand for a million views, but that's just assuming your channel is already monetized. And when you think about it, guys, most content creators don't actually make their money from views nowadays. They make it from brand deals, affiliate links, or product sales. And all of that requires you to be on all the time. A lot of creators in this space quit after only just their first year or two just because the demand to keep creating never stops. Now, with that being said, if you want to make real money online without having to film yourself or fight the algorithm every day, then what I personally do, called local lead generation, is a much better option. You build simple websites for local services around the US, no matter what city you live in, like landscaping, plumbing, or in my case, fencing repair, and rank those sites to the top of Google. Anytime someone searches for that service in their area, they call the number listed on that site, and that lead goes directly to a local business owner that pays you what's called a monthly finder fee just to keep sending them customers. You're not dealing with followers or trying to go viral. You're simply building digital assets that work quietly 24/7 around the clock for you and make you money every single month without needing constant attention. For example, I built this fencing repair site for Colorado Springs a little over 2 years ago. I still barely touch the site and it continues to send me checks like clockwork. And because you're targeting local zip codes with low competition, it's so much more beginner friendly than trying to become the next big content creator. You don't need a ton of followers. You don't need any editing skills and you definitely don't need to show your face on camera. You just need to learn how to rank a site and connect it with the right business owners that want those leads. All right, guys. That's it for my review of the Viral VFX program by Tyler Tomatic. If you found this video helpful, go ahead and hit that thumbs up and subscribe to my channel for more honest reviews just like this. And if you want to learn more about how I make passive income online using the digital rental method, aka local lead genen, then go ahead and check out the link in the description below that goes over the whole business model in complete detail. As always, thanks for watching guys and I'll catch you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kylemartin6161 [3 likes]: Is it at least🎉 worth the $97 he’s got it on sale down to right now?
  2. @krauselbartmusic [3 likes]: I hoped you'd say something about the quality of the content inside the courses. I wanna learn  how to make aesthetic gold videos combined with consistent content
  3. @lysanderfernandes487 [3 likes]: So basically, there's not much credibility to tell if this course really helps outside of what Tyler lists. Was almost going to pull the trigger on this one
  4. @SilentVikingOfficial [1 likes]: appreciate the honest review. thanks
  5. @underconstructionpersonalt725: Why does the blog on the homepage promotes online casinos on a gardening website?

- How K-beauty went from viral trend to economic powerhouse | BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en Now in 2025, South Korea surpassed the US to become the world's second largest cosmetics exporter after France. The global obsession with Korean beauty has seen a rise in the use of products from the region. It's known as K beauty. So what's behind its growth? Our Asia business correspondent Saranja Tawari reports from South Korea. This looks so good is known to be super innovative. Search for Korean skincare on any social media platform and you'll find hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands of videos, posts, and reviews. >> By moisturizing, you're helping the skin cells, too. Beauty influencer Leah Yu has more than a million followers on YouTube and regularly posts about K beauty >> South Korean technology in terms of the formulation, the texture experience and the overall sensorial and the experiential experience of the product in skincare how it's really really been [music] optimized for social media. >> It's a booming business. Last year, South Korean companies sold $10 billion worth of beauty products to customers around the world. There's no doubt K beauty is riding the K culture wave. And products have become so popular worldwide, they're now stocked in global retailers like Sephora, Boots, and Walmart. [music] In the heart of Seoul, K beauty is absolutely everywhere. And when you come into a big retail store like this one, you get a sense of just how big the industry is. It's estimated that 30,000 brands are constantly innovating and turnurning out new products using unique ingredients. And it's not just the big Korean names. The independent brands are also gaining popularity both here and overseas. In such a crowded market, fierce competition has triggered price wars. But that also means customers have access to high quality products that are affordable, too. Amorei Pacific is South Korea's largest beauty company. At its factory outside Soul, automated production lines are churning out products that influencers and celebrities gush about. Lania's water sleeping mask is so popular that one unit is sold every 13 seconds somewhere in the world. Besides Lan, Amorei Pacific also owns other well-known brands like CO RX and Inis free. K beauty did not emerge overnight. It developed over 20 years alongside the rise of K culture and we believe it's not a trend but a mainstream movement that will last for a long time. Last year, for the first time in our 80year history, Amori Pacific's North America business became larger than China. The elaborate ecosystem in South Korea keeps costs down and means companies can launch products quickly, going from concept to shelf in under 6 months, something that can take Western brands years. In December, the South Korean government officially recognized K beauty as a strategic national asset. It's promised policies to help manufacturing and boost exports, a vote of confidence in the industry, and an investment to make sure its global glowup continues to brighten. Suran Janatwari, BBC News, Soul.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ytjs-f8h [27 likes]: 중국산 가짜도 온라인에 많다.
꼭 공식온라인이나 매장에서 사세요
  2. @tkd3963 [14 likes]: Stay away from counterfeit chinese products. It's best to buy them from official online shops or at costco.
  3. @Lovesomuch-q3d [8 likes]: I’m a Korean living in the U.S., and thankfully, I get a lot of compliments on my skin here.
In my opinion, when it comes to skincare products, Korean sunscreen and sheet masks are truly amazing.

But even more important than cosmetics is Korean food.
The Korean diet has an excellent balance of vegetables and meat, along with a wide variety of fermented foods like kimchi.
  4. @EushaYo [5 likes]: BBC aren't you a bit late?
  5. @DrWho44 [4 likes]: I don't know about k-beauty thing. I recently bought some Korean gel collagen cream from boots because it was on offer. I used a bit and found it was pretty good for my dry skin. I don't know why but I applied it on my husband's greasy face. Dear lord, I don't know what happened. This gel cream worked like wonder. It keeps my dry skin moist and keep my husband's greasy skin matt. It's a witches potion!!!
  6. @cxhfkj [4 likes]: Primera facial mild peeling gel. Best for exfoliating. Above all, it's mild. 
I'm Korean and Primera toner, mild foam, and peeling gel are really good
  7. @raooi [3 likes]: very old topic。k beauty products have been a hit for at least  a  decade....
  8. @mnapier1142 [3 likes]: I went to Seoul in June and stocked up. PDRN and sunscreen are the best! Very reasonable prices. I have rosacea and none of the K products aggravate my sensitive skin.
  9. @Ingrid0410 [3 likes]: As a 35 yr Esthetician I hv to say the Medicube capsule cream had helped my skin!! Look 10 yrs younger
  10. @AriannaAyers [2 likes]: CNBC Called this 6 years ago. Way too late BBC News, lol. 😂
  11. @michaellim4165 [2 likes]: Korean beauty products are the real deal. They use many natural ingredients, which differentiate them from other Western companies that rely on artificial substitutes that can cause rashes and other skin irritations.
  12. @Ima184mm [2 likes]: K-beauty for Everyone 🦾
  13. @gangstarr2013 [2 likes]: not South Korea, but a province of China.
  14. @jihojio2118 [1 likes]: 한국인이라서 하는 말이 아니라  한국화장품 진짜 싸고 질이 좋음 이게 30년전부터 시작된 현상임
  15. @audreyplagmeijer2764 [1 likes]: I used K beauty and also korean treatment…my gosh..my skin really really better, i am 43 years old..and my face skin still glowing. Peoples always thingking that i am 30+ 😂
  16. @kaeci. [1 likes]: I stopped using western products when I learned they test on animals.. These animals suffer tremendously.. They get sick, deaf, blind and even d*e. Asian products are more nature and animal friendly as they use mostly organic ingredients. (Except China of course, it's hard to trust them lol)
  17. @koonsickgreen6272 [1 likes]: BBC caught up on liberal agenda becomes 4 years too late to a global trend
  18. @jangsaintlang: The Essence(K-Beauty Life)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_rGqJESg4Q&list=OLAK5uy_mBRRALkDE72XS9xurUgtzJBwJV37Cr6R8
  19. @말보루-t6c: 인기있는 이유가 싸고 품질이좋다 끝
  20. @Jinvj-h2s: China only young 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

- The Hidden Cost of Viral Food Trends: Kind: captions Language: en This is a story about globalization gone wrong. Social media has opened up new markets for acai, ube, matcha, and Dubai chocolate. Markets far from their countries of origin, but when demand spikes, it can show the limits of those long supply chains. Our colleague Scarlet Fu reports on what that means for your matcha. Whether you're browsing through a social media app or going to a grocery store, matcha is everywhere. From Starbucks [music] to Trader Joe's to budding matcha cafes. This is your sign to stop drinking coffee and start drinking matcha. >> It tastes so close to the original. What? As a current Harvard student, I finally understand the science behind why matcha is so addicting. >> You're going to make a matcha, make a matcha. Don't be cheap with it. >> Matcha is just one of several food trends gone viral thanks to social media. From acai >> And do I regret buying a 3-gallon bucket of acai? No. To ube Believe me my ube. And Dubai chocolate. >> I got some Dubai chocolate as a light snack. >> Social media-driven food trends are reshaping demand faster than ever before. >> It's unbelievable how fast a trendsetter and influencer can generate huge spikes in the demand for products. Miguel Gomez is a Cornell University professor who teaches food marketing. It is a challenge for the supply chain to meet that demand at that very moment because if you miss as supply chain, you miss the opportunity that there is huge interest in a product such as dessert with ube. The question is are farmers prepared to react as fast to these trends as they should to to meet the demand. This is hardly the first time that food has gone global. Social media is just the latest innovation to fuel widespread demand for foods from around the world. This has actually been happening for hundreds of years. The first inflection point in the globalization of food and crops dates [music] to 400 years ago with maize and tomatoes being produced in the Americas, being exported to Europe, and wheat and other grains being shipped from Europe to the Americas, but it was in the 1980s when the development of the containers for transportation really allowed many of the commodities [music] to be really global. And then we have the latest trend that is driven by social media. >> When a trendy food takes off and goes global, walk us through what typically happens on the supply side. Is there a specific sequence that takes place? When these products become truly global because of consumer demand in high-income countries like the US, Europe, etc., this poses big opportunities but big challenges to the supply chains. For example, ube, there is a huge explosion of demand for use of ube because of the beautiful color in confectionery, in desserts, in restaurants, but also in the supermarkets. And ube is native from the Philippines, but this demand is really putting demand is just exceeding what Filipino farmers are able to supply. Another thing that is happening with these products because these markets are relatively small, you know, these are very niche products. Demand tends to shift dramatically. And this means lots of risk for farmers because if you look at what has happened with products like ube, matcha, is that you see that the farm price for these commodities is very volatile because demand fluctuates so much and production is trying to catch up with that demand. Matcha originated in China over a thousand years ago before migrating to Japan, which is now the world's matcha capital. The drink itself is made from green tea leaves that have been ground into a fine powder. Rising demand has led to a dramatic increase in Japanese exports of matcha, a 25% jump to $244 million in 2024 from the previous year. And now China has overtaken Japan supplying 60% of the world's matcha. We have seen incredibly strong growth on matcha within the last like 2 years, and I've been doing this for 10 years. So I think the last 2 years there's been a real surge in the demand and awareness for matcha. Hannah Hayes is a matcha pioneer in the US. She is CEO of Matchaful, a company she founded over a decade ago. Hayes operates sales through her website and has seven storefronts in New York City. I was actually working in the processed packaged food industry right out of college. I started to notice changes in my health consuming packaged foods every day. And around the same time, after being in this very heavily processed industry, I was introduced to matcha, which was this incredibly clean beautiful caffeine alternative to coffee that made me feel more sustained, more focused, more calm. And it really was that lightning bolt moment for me, that epiphany of I've got to do something with this. And at the time matcha really didn't have presence in the US. This was in 2012 when I kind of first took my sip of my life-changing sip of matcha. In 2023, the global matcha market was worth about $4 billion. That's half of its expected value by 2030. The US is an example of the surge in demand. According to research from NIQ, sales of matcha grew 86% in the last 3 years. It's accelerated to a point that I think last year was almost unsustainable. We saw farmers having supply constraints [music] and people, you know, online trying to figure out, you know, >> [music] >> where to get their matcha and how to make sure that they're not, you know, over consuming matcha. So there was a heightened awareness of this supply chain [music] issue around matcha. It's more than specialty matcha cafes. Dunkin' Donuts offers a matcha [music] latte. Starbucks reported a 40% year-over-year increase in matcha sales for the first quarter of 2025. And Blank Street Coffee sold so much matcha that it ended up dropping coffee from its name. So I think the interesting thing with Starbucks is they have actually had matcha on their menu, a form of matcha mixed with cane sugar, but they've had it on their menu for over 10 years. Even before I started Matchaful, Starbucks had what was called a green tea latte on their menu. It had matcha in it, but they didn't necessarily call it matcha because I think at that point not many people knew what matcha was. And now they're really leaning into matcha. Japan's matcha production tripled between 2010 and 2023, but even that failed to keep pace with demand as matcha is added to desserts and smoothies. The matcha market is now cracking under the weight of all the demand. To make matters worse, last year farmers in Kyoto, who supply a quarter of the world's tea used for matcha, struggled after hot weather led to poor harvests. It's a plant and I think it's important to remember that. And our farmers, we did see shortages on the matcha. So naturally we did see prices rise on matcha. And we did experience some shortages. What is happening is that the supply chain is procuring matcha that is not following the standards that the Japanese employ to produce what they call matcha. So what you see is a huge differences in the quality of matchas produced produced in different origins. And that can create long-term confusion in consumers or may affect the value of matcha for the Japanese traditional growers. Right now, for example, India, South Korea, China producing the product that we call matcha, but with different standards. So what is happening is that matcha as we know as a Japanese ceremonial very niche product is becoming massified and and is perhaps not of the same quality of the matcha that is produced in Japan. With matcha, quality does matter. And I think with the first harvest in Japan, it tends to be a little sweeter. It's traditionally what's coined as ceremonial matcha, really meant for drinking as a tea, in a latte. So we're seeing the demand for ceremonial grade continue to rise, but the pricing for ceremonial grade also is more expensive. And so I think with the second harvest culinary grade matcha, the pricing on that is a little more approachable. So I think there is a vast difference in quality and price point with matcha. And we're seeing matcha as a price point is rising because the demand is growing, because harvests are down. We are just seeing the price points continue to rise on ceremonial and culinary grade. And I think consumers are aware of this, but I we don't necessarily see it impacting our business in any way at this point. >> people are very particular about their matcha, and I marketed this business well before we opened. So I taste tested 12 different matchas on TikTok to see what the consumer wanted, and they were very excited about the matcha that we selected. Sammy Nosdorf is the founder and CEO of Murray's Lane, a gourmet food market in the TriBeCa neighborhood of New York. Okay, so this is something you knew coming in that you would have to offer to your clientele. [music] >> For sure. And did you think in terms of you need to offer other kinds of matcha products given how much interest there is in matcha overall? I didn't think so. I wanted to make the choice easy for the consumer. I think that [music] people are stunned by too many options and we're stuck in this paradox of choice. I think that [music] offering one and doing a lot of diligence on a product like matcha makes it easier on the consumer and it's like we've selected the best [music] for them. I do think that a wealthier audience probably influences the masses into, you know, how [music] can I treat myself? The food's being looked at as a status symbol right now. It's like these micro luxuries. Like a lot of people can't afford a Birkin, but they can afford a Rod lip gloss and that is like an identifier as to like what you subscribe [music] to and what's on trend and like these micro luxuries that you can afford um which is like I guess similar to here. Like you might not be able to afford a $300 Michelin meal, but you can afford a, you know, organic, well-made, nicely sourced $23 salad. Even though Sammy says he doesn't believe in selling trendy food products, Metta Lane does respond to whatever food crazes his clientele's attracted to. Can a viral moment create demand faster than the supply can meet it? Yes. Absolutely. I mean, as we saw with the opening, I think it was once the Infatuation or Eater, you know, came for press day and they tried certain menu items that we make here and they rated what their favorites were, that's what became very viral off the bat and that shifts, you know, as with the as the business progresses. Whether coming from Starbucks or a niche grocery store, the bottom line is it's important to understand your supply. What is the most misunderstood part about the globalization of niche foods, trendy foods, [music] something that consumers get wrong about how supply chains work? We consumers in general know very little [music] about how these products are produced, who produces them, where, how, and how is that product coming to our tables, in our houses, or in a restaurant. So, I think what we need to do is to educate consumers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @remi2569 [7 likes]: It almost feels stupid to hear the word ceremonial matcha even because it feels like people almost don’t know what the actual meaning of ceremony (in sado) and just ignore that part and use as a status symbol.
  2. @bigrdizzle [4 likes]: I think the word “matcha” is said 8,920 times in 11 minutes here 😂
  3. @Madeofcellsandblood [3 likes]: Trends with food is just exhausting,  the bubble should be burst .
  4. @Jonnyjones90 [1 likes]: PATHETIC. PEOPLE ARE SHEEP
  5. @Jonnyjones90 [1 likes]: THIS PROVES HOW PEOPLE ARE PATHETIC SHEEP. THEY FOLLOW EVERYONE ELSE FOR THE TREND
  6. @369Cosmos-w8i: When I visited Costa Rica back in 2015 the farmers who hosted us mentioned how odd it was to them that açai fruit was being marketed as a superfood, because to them it was just a common and "dirty" fruit (because it had lots of bugs in it on the tree). Also, cacao grows there but is exported for the chocolate industry so chocolate was actually very expensive and much harder to find in shops there.
  7. @selalewis9189: I saw this same thing happen to: turmeric, quinoa, kale, and collard greens. Not everything is for everyone and you need to limit your intake of certain foods
  8. @TiffanysLife: Trending (such as a viral food trend) can be an opportunity, but yet a challenge to meet the sudden increase in demand. If you spot the trend or even create the trend and can meet the demand of the product then there are increases in revenue. Having to suddenly increase supply could cost more if the is limited supply.
  9. @dainty_cook: so mad about ube in particular bc the matcha problem was happening for so long, and we just hop onto the next one. thanks a lot.
  10. @mackenziekita9920: That’s why it baffles me why Starbucks would think it’s cool to put 4 freakin’ scoops in a trenta cup. All you need is 2, for smaller sizes like a tall, less than a scoop for something like that. I think conservation goes a long way and I definitely think they need to rethink how much matcha they actually need for each size. Plus better blending. Some of these baristas out here not even blending the matcha all the way out, giving the customer a clumpy matcha powder drink…
  11. @IreneKiew: That was a really abrupt ending
  12. @Christian-rt8wn: Ube is now becoming a thing. But production is limited, too.
  13. @dalatchkeys762: Hidden cost? It's not hidden... these idiots are being idiots all over the internet.
  14. @ariellandJP: What is even the point of someone not living in Japan purchasing ceremonial matcha 🤦🏻‍♀ 99% of the people buying probably know nothing about matcha ceremonies. Just feels like such a disservice for high quality matcha to end up in the hands of trend-chasing idiots.
  15. @tikiandamber: Matcha is originally chinese
  16. @tikiandamber: At 7/11 a bar of Dubai chocolate is $20 in Los Angeles California 😂😂😂
  17. @laurenray6964: Here's a good book to start getting more educated, as Dr. Miguel Gomez says consumers need to do to better understand where their food comes from: Our Changing Menu by Michael Hoffmann, Carrie Koplinka-Loehr, and Danielle Eiseman (2021).
  18. @user-jc3yg9cl1k: You can't find someone who speaks English??
  19. @iMoha46: The food industry utilizes social media so well to sell food. Trends are basically free advertising for their products
  20. @ynoTbaloney: i hate influencers

- How AI is Ruining Education For Everyone: Kind: captions Language: en A Spanish teacher in Oklahoma is reading through her students homework when one submission stops her in her tracks. At the bottom of the page, a strange sentence stands out. And after translating it to English, it reads, "This summary meets the requirements of the prompt. I hope it is helpful to you." Immediately, the teacher is confused. Why would a student say they hope it's helpful to the teacher? But then she realizes the student didn't write this. They used a chatbot to complete the assignment and couldn't even read what they submitted. So, they didn't realize they'd left in the AI's final statement. This is a slightly exaggerated tale of the many stories servicing around AI and its disruption of the education system. We've spent a lot of time on this channel exploring the modern issues surrounding literacy and education, but I haven't yet taken a closer look at what teachers are saying about their students using AI and the impact it's having on everyone involved. 2025 feels like the breakout year for AI use in classrooms and the issues that come along with it are likely only going to get worse unless we start raising awareness about how it's being used and how to properly integrate it into the education system. So, let's get into it. This is the AI education crisis. The first question I want to try to answer is what do we know about AI usage in classrooms so far? Because this is still an extremely recent problem. Well, despite popular LLMs only being a couple years old, there has been some data collected that gives us a bit of insight, which will allow us to at least make speculations. A 2024 survey by the Digital Education Council found that 86% of university students claim to use AI in their studies, and 54% use AI at least on a weekly basis, with chat GPT being the most popular. As for high school students, the most valid data I could find was from an ACT study in 2023 where almost half of students reported using AI tools and chat GBT was again the most common. The tools were most often used for language arts like writing and social studies assignments. And keep in mind that that survey was taken only a few months after chat GPT was released. But you know what's the most concerning statistic? Students with higher academic performance were significantly more likely to use AI tools than were students with lower academic performance. What this suggests, and I really hope I'm wrong here, is that the reason those students have a higher academic performance is due to the chat bots, but also tests are a huge part of any student's grade. And tests are usually taken in class without being able to use your phone or laptop. So, I'm not entirely sure. Now, let's look at how AI is affecting assignments and specifically writing assignments. Software company Turnitin, which is a popular AI writing detection tool, analyzed over 200 million papers since 2023 and found that approximately 11% had at least 20% AI writing present and approximately 3% had at least 80% AI writing present. Now, how these softwares determine how much of a paper is written in AI is a whole other problem that'll be more relevant later in the video. But what might be the most surprising statistic out of all the data I collected was found in a survey by Titan Partners. They found that 75% of students who already use generative AI indicate that they will continue to use it even if their professors or institutions ban the technology. Now, what about the teachers? Well, a lot of them are using AI to teach, too. A 2024 survey from study.com found that 84% of teachers actively use AI in their classrooms. and a whopping 65% of them said AI increased their passion for teaching. But that response was mostly from the teachers who received comprehensive AI training. That's another interesting statistic that we'll keep in the back pocket as we move forward in this video. And I don't know how many of you know about this, but in 2023, Congress actually passed the artificial intelligence literacy act to support training and programming on artificial intelligence in schools. I assume that's part of the reason why teachers are now receiving AI training. With those numbers and with that act passed, it indicates to me that AI is here to stay for good and more students and teachers are going to be integrating it into their learning process. So, now that we have a good understanding of how much AI is being used by both teachers and students, why don't we see how much that usage is damaging or strengthening learning and teaching in the classroom? The best way I think we can do that, at least for now, is through personal accounts from teachers. But before we get into that, I want to talk about today's sponsor, Aero. One of the most annoying parts about traveling to a different country is the insanely overpriced roaming bills you get for using your phone internationally. But there's actually a way to bypass that. You could go to the airport and go through a whole process of buying a physical international SIM card, but there's a much easier way to do that, and that is through an eSIM. With ESIMs from Heirlow, you can download and install ESIM packages from 200 plus countries and regions. Activate the ESIM on arrival to your destination and be connected anywhere in the world the second you land. I actually used an ESIM when I went to Japan last year for around a month and it saved me so much money and time I would have spent looking for a SIM vendor at the airport. Once you activate an ESIM from a local carrier, you'll often get better service while you're in that country since you're connecting directly to local networks instead of relying on roaming. And you get to keep your home phone number with an ESIM, too. Even if I wasn't being sponsored by Airlow, buying an eSIM would be one of the first tips I would give you when traveling abroad. So, if you want to greatly improve your traveling abroad experience, you can download the free Aerolo app today. And you can use my code 3 to purchase your first eSIM and only activate it when you land in that country. Go download the app, use code 3 for 3% off and enjoy wherever you decide to travel. The story I told at the beginning actually comes from an article called Teachers Are Not Okay on the website 404 Media. And in the article, there are plenty of other anecdotes from teachers who all have different experiences and opinions regarding AI. These sort of anecdotes are basically all we can go off of for now because we don't have any studies yet that are showing the objective damage that AI is causing. But I think if we go over a wide enough variety of anecdotes, it'll paint a decently clear picture of what the future might look like. Let's start with someone who seems to be vehemently against generative AI in school. Robert Gell, who is an associate professor at the University of Calgary. He states, "I think generative AI is incredibly destructive to our teaching of university students. We ask them to read, reflect upon, write about, and discuss ideas. That's all in service of our goal to help train them to be critical citizens. Generative AI can simulate all of the steps. It can summarize readings, pull out key concepts, draft text, and even generate ideas for discussion. But that would be like going to the gym and asking a robot to lift weights for you. Okay, so that last sentence is a pretty bold claim. I don't necessarily think that giving a chatbot a prompt is the same as having a robot lift weights for you. It really depends on how it is used, which is probably going to be the main theme throughout this discussion. If you asked a robot to lift weights for you, you wouldn't even be getting the desired benefit, which is more physical strength and muscle mass. Using a chatbot to simulate all the steps the professor outlined is more like using steroids to lift weights, not an external robot. With steroids, you'll be able to lift heavier weights easier and more often and build more muscle than people who don't use steroids. And the consequences of steroids are akin to relying too heavily on some sort of chatbot like ChatGpt. If you outsource most of your work to an external source that gives you an unfair advantage, what happens when you grow older and you come across a situation where you no longer have access to that source? In the same way that you've been so attuned to the gains and effort that steroids allow you to generate, if you've relied too heavily on a chatbot to summarize readings or generate ideas for you in your formative years, I don't see a situation in which those skills would not be impaired to some degree. That's a totally valid critique. Another valid critique that Gella raises is the hazy lines between acceptable and unacceptable use. He states, "Some professors say students can use generative AI for idea generation, but then prohibit it for writing text. Where's the line between those?" In addition, universities are contracting with companies like Microsoft, Adobe, and Google for digital services, and those companies are constantly pushing their AI tools. So, a student might hear, "Don't use generative AI from a professor, but then log on to the university's Microsoft suite," which then suggests using Copilot to sum up readings or help draft writing. It's inconsistent and confusing. This is a big problem with the current implementation of AI in softwares needed for classwork. If you use AI to create ideas for, let's say, a writing assignment, at what point do those ideas become the writing itself? Students could easily just nudge the chatbot to expand upon its ideas to the point where it basically writes the essay for them without technically writing the essay for them. All the ideas that would show up in their essay would be generated by AI, thus hindering their idea generation abilities. Why is that so important? Well, think about how often we use idea generation and problem solving stuff like this in our everyday lives. When we're stumped with a difficult life problem, like say fixing a door handle, a weird sound coming from a speaker, or making a novel idea for a creative project, and we work through that problem ourselves, we are activating the frontal cortex, which is the area of the brain responsible for problem solving and reasoning. You're basically training your brain to use that skill more readily in the future. And if you do end up figuring it out yourself, your self-esteem and competency boosts so much higher than if you were to let ChatGBT do all that work for you. Because if Chat GPT solved it, you weren't really the one who solved the problem. The chatbot was. In a world where everybody relies on AI for every single problem-solving task, we all become a little less apt to confront and solve problems in every area of our lives. That being said, it is possible that AI could just help you expand upon your own ideas if you don't rely on it too heavily. And I'll give you a specific example of this. Imagine you've already used your critical thinking skills to generate the best possible idea or solution for a problem you can think of and then you plug that idea and ask AI to help you work through it further instead of having it just give you the answer. that's pretty much only going to enhance your idea generation skills. It's like having a great mentor to help you find the answers to your own problems. So again, it all lies in the intention behind the prompt you give it. I'll leave one final opinion regarding Mr. Gell here and say that I think he's incredibly biased toward eradicating AI completely and he sees no good coming from it ever, especially in school. The reason I think this is because he's quoted to have said, "Honestly, if we ejected all the Gen AI tools into the sun, I would be quite pleased." And due to that bias, it's clear that he's not allowing himself to find solutions to the problems that he himself outlined. He says, quote, "Another option would be to do handwritten in-class essays, but I have a hard time asking that of students. I hardly write by hand anymore, so why would I demand they do so?" Is that really a hard ask for your students or are you trying to make it seem harder than it actually is so that AI looks like the worst invention ever? I asked this because later in the article, an anecdote from another professor describes how they did exactly this. When asked about how AI has changed the way they work, statistics professor Ben Pythri stated, "LMs have changed how I give assignments. The most obvious change is that I've moved to in-class writing for assignments that are strictly writing based. Now, the essays are written in class and treated like midterm exams. My quizzes are also in class. This requires more grading work, but I'm glad I did it and a bit embarrassed that it took chat GPT to force me into what I now consider a positive change. So, instead of being hopeless and thinking, all these students are getting dumber due to this, this teacher decided to adapt and force students into a situation where they couldn't rely on AI to write for them. This is a really important change because I do think that using AI to write everything for you without any of your own inputs is an objectively bad thing. Based on all the encounters I've had with AI writing, it does not help improve your writing skills and you just end up sounding like every other person who used an LLM to help them write. So, I think the idea of moving any writing assignments into the classroom is a good way to combat this. Although I don't know how this would work for longerterm papers such as like research papers. This is more of like a temporary solution until these AI writing detection tools get more accurate and sophisticated. Now let's move on to another huge issue that rapidly increases the spread of misinformation in education. AI hallucination. Laya Whis, a North Carolina teacher who has been an educator since 1991, gave her eighth grade students an assignment where they had to research prophets related to the novel Procepilus. And the answers that they gave her might baffle you. Some of the students wrote, "The Christian prophet Moses got chocolate stains out of t-shirts." In response to this, she says, "They did not come up to me and ask, is that correct? Moses is known for getting chocolate stains out of t-shirts. They simply do not have the background knowledge or indeed the intellectual stamina to question unlikely responses. As of the time I'm making this video, basically all LLMs are terrible hallucinators. They frequently create fake citations, quotes from books, and false information that doesn't even exist. Because LLMs are trained to predict the next word on massive amounts of text data. They don't fact check or verify sources. They generate what sounds plausible. Another report from a teacher in the 404 media article explains how ChatGBT gave her students quotes that sound like they go with the themes of the books, but it couldn't even get page numbers correct. And this isn't really related to the education system, but I have to throw it in there because it happened recently and it's hilarious. But the White House's Make America Healthy Again report contained fabricated citations produced by AI. The highest level of our government used AI to write a report with sources that didn't even exist. And they didn't even have the mental bandwidth to factcheck their own report. If the internet as a source for knowledge hasn't sped up misinformation enough, we now have to deal with AI creating fake sources and quotes out of the blue. And for kids in school who don't understand how these systems work, who blindly believe whatever the AI gives them because they either don't yet have the capacity to question this highly praised software, or they just don't care about the assignment enough, it could potentially make them less discerning in the future, or maybe even make them less trustworthy of any information. Think about it this way. If a teenager uses AI to outsource their research all the time and that AI fabricates some of the information, then that hinders their ability to seek out relevant information that gets them what they want. And in ability to think critically and figure out what is true in what isn't is part of having adept literacy and comprehension skills. On the other hand, if that same teenager constantly finds that the AI gives them fake citations and sources and they start realizing that, maybe they'd start to think, "Well, how can I really trust any of these sources or citations I see that other people are referencing online without doing my own research?" Which honestly might be an unintended positive consequence cuz like you got to have at least a little bit of skepticism for what you see online and even the ideas that you're hearing being spouted in real life. Anyways, I digress. That's just an idea worth pondering. And it goes back to the central idea of AI isn't inherently bad. It depends on how you use it and what it allows you to do. Now, I want to return to the data collected regarding teachers receiving AI training. I think this is a really interesting area to dive into because firstly, what does that training even look like? And secondly, how much are teachers using AI to create the materials that they use to teach? As per the first question, I honestly couldn't find much on what the training looks like. One article on Education Week highlights a West Coast district who first introduced play sessions to alleviate teachers anxiety about AI, which consisted of the teachers experimenting with an AI chatbot or platform to get the hang of it. Then they moved on to instruction based learning in which they showed teachers how to use AI to plan lessons or generate differentiated content for students. As per the second question, there is another Ed Week article where a ton of teachers reported how they're using AI in their teaching. From making worksheets to quizzes to grammar sentence practice to creating AI images to depict key settings in The Great Gatsby, I'm not really sure how to feel about this. On the one hand, if it enhances the teacher's ability to teach their students and the information the AI gives them is accurate, that's pretty good. But in the same way that students rely on it, if a teacher relies too heavily on the AI to create the curriculum for them, then what is the teacher really there for? What if the student asks them a question about an assignment that AI generated and they can't answer in a proper way because they don't know enough about the very thing they're supposed to be teaching? That's where I could see this being a catastrophe. As one anecdote from a high school English teacher in Tennessee says, "I use AI to come up with exemplar essays to help students improve their writing." I don't like that AI writing is extremely same sounding and it eradicates the unique voice that children develop when they do the writing themselves. So, if a teacher uses a software trained to write in a very certain way that often just sounds like slop robot garbage to produce an exemplar essay, what message does that send? They're basically saying to the teenagers, "Hey, this right here, this AI generated essay is the proper way to write. Write like this." If the teacher didn't further explain why certain aspects of the AI writing are better than others, this could be a massive problem. And in the most extreme cases, we're now seeing entire schools guided by AI teachers. A space where all the teaching of core curriculum is left to artificial intelligence. How many shapes are in the pool in all? Six times as many as three equals 18. Great work. At first listen, I think most of us default to what the hell is this? They're not getting any sort of student teacher interaction and the AI is designing the entire curriculum for them. But then I kept listening with an open mind. They say condensing all core subjects into two AI powered hours a day frees up the rest of the morning and the entire afternoon to do anything and everything else. What is this? This is called our check chart. We have academic topics, but we also have life skills. I mean, yeah, you've got life skills. Independently put together a piece of IKEA furniture, then solve a Rubik's cube, juggle for 10 seconds, and then run a mile without stopping. Absolutely. Honestly, if this sort of thing became a consequence of using more AI in school, I probably would advocate for it more. If the kids are still getting taught core subjects, but also get the time to learn real world skills, read independently, and even learn how to have grit, like their check chart showed, that is a case for AI being pretty useful. And according to their school, their standardized test scores are actually really good. On average here, it takes just 80 days to advance grades. And their standardized test scores are in the 90th percentiles across the board. Now, the future consequences of this type of school, like how well they would handle higher education and then being placed in the workforce, is left up for debate. I just thought this was a really interesting story that has happened recently that I think will generate some interesting discussion in the comments. So, where do I stand with all of this? Well, based on everything I've learned about AI use in schools, I think I can confidently conclude that AI is doing more harm than good for the education system right now. Using it to cheat on assignments, especially writing assignments, and do online tests for you, is rampant. The tools that exist to catch this sort of cheating aren't really cutting it. And even if schools did ban AI, most students who already use it would continue to use it. It is outsourcing the process of gaining intelligence slowly through hard work over time so that you never actually attain it. And if you do this enough, especially in your formal years, you lose the ability to think critically, solve problems, or generate ideas on your own. On top of that, using it for citing information is wildly inaccurate and could lead to far more misinformation issues down the line. But to me, it's neither the cheating nor the hallucinations that could cause the biggest damage. The biggest threat is if younger children lose the ability to overcome struggle. This might be my most boomer take of all time, but AI discourages grit. When you're struggling through a difficult task that requires you to use your brain to create something or solve a problem, but you simply pass off that struggle to AI, there's no real sense of accomplishment at the end of that. In other words, the struggles of life become meaningless and unnecessary. you get everything you want instantly without knowing how important it was to work through that problem to really think it's difficult and I don't know if I'm going to be able to solve this but I'm going to try anyway and then the achievement the personal achievement you feel after that that whole experience is gone and that is really how you gain a lot of confidence when you're young as one teacher put it the amount of time her students are inclined to work on something that challenges them has become much shorter over the seven years they've been teaching. There was a time when a typical student would wrestle with a concept for days before getting it. But now, if that student doesn't understand something within minutes, they're more likely to give up on their own brain power and look for an alternative, whether it's a chatbot or asking a friend for help. That is seriously dangerous and has negative implications that stretch far beyond education. But again, and this is my nuance with it, if we can somehow find a way to extract the inherently positive aspects of AI and only integrate those aspects into education, that could be beneficial. A lot of people like to draw parallels between AI and calculators. And to be honest, I don't think they're comparable because one just helps you compute faster where the other one can strip down the process of thinking entirely. But here's where that argument holds. When calculators were first invented and brought into classrooms, they were seen as a form of cheating by a lot of teachers. But now it makes total sense to have them for tests and assignments. The math problems we are now solving have evolved. And part of that evolution is due to us gaining the ability to compute numbers faster through calculators. And in the same way, technology like AI allows for our understanding of ideas to evolve if we use it as a second brain instead of a replacement for our own brain. If you treat AI like a thesaurus, something that helps broaden your vocabulary without replacing your own unique voice and reasoning, then it can be a genuinely beneficial tool in education. As far as whether that will be how AI is implemented in the future, I couldn't really tell you. Nobody can really tell you that. We don't know for certain how far this stuff is going to go. But I would love to hear your stories or your solutions for this stuff in the comments or maybe a story you have about you using AI or seeing someone else use AI in education. As AI usage continues to grow, I'm afraid our ability to think critically and discern between what is true and what isn't will only diminish. The problem is there really isn't any sort of resources out there right now that teach you how to improve your critical thinking skills, solve problems better, and generate ideas more efficiently. So that is why over the past year, I've been creating a critical thinking master class, a 16 video curriculum designed to help you sharpen your reasoning, spot manipulative rhetoric, and navigate emotionally charged conversations both online and in real life. If you want to be notified for when the master class drops, you can go to cold-hastings.com/criticalthinking and sign up for the wait list. You will also receive a lesson in your inbox before it drops. So you can see what the master class is kind of going to be like because it'll be a lesson from the master class. Check that out, link in the description. And if you want to keep the modern education problems flowing, you can watch my video on America's literacy crisis, specifically focused on literacy levels. And that is it. I am leaving.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArasakaCointel: I'm already seeing the results of this shit in student housing. I work in maintenance and we've realized that a lot of the younger students cannot read. like, we leave notes on their work orders explaining what's going on and what we did etc. And time and again, they come and try to get people to explain to them the same thing we already did. But they can't read it. Or if they can, they can't comprehend the way they should. At first we just thought, oh they're just being lazy. No. They need you to explain it to them. These are eighteen and nineteen year olds, but they need basic sentences explained to them like very young children. It's not just not being literate, it's like there's no ability to make the next step in reasoning. They need other people or things to literally think for them, every little thing has to be spoonfed to them and if you don't they get angry. It's really scary, man.
  2. @batimusmaximus2743: A professor being unable to assign an term paper (or research paper)—done at home—is a travesty. An in-class essay is NOT the same as a research paper. The latter teaches brainstorming, careful crafting, and attention to detail that cannot be demanded of a rushed in-class essay. In short, it instills "professionalism"—a quality that I daresay is sorely missing from today's young workers. We are doomed as a species if we don't care to exercise our own minds.
  3. @sambatrayujin: imagine doing your work organically and getting a 9/10 while your classmate who generated their entire essay on ChatGPT and can't even explain it get an 8/10. It's like your hard work, time and effort was worth nothing.
  4. @titosanchez3416: I use chat gpt but I actually use it to learn not todo my work for me. That like paying someone to go to the gym for you. It has no benefit
  5. @Jhihmoac: Mom: "Johnny, I see you're outside with your friends... Did you do your homework?"
Johnny: "AI's doing it for me, Mom..."
Mom: "That's a good boy!"
  6. @joevonwolfenstein21: One thing that might help is to encourage college students to take what is impractical fkr the pleasure of learning and expell the pragmatism of better paychecks and more promising careers that the person hates . Whose only motivation is fribge benefits.
  7. @joevonwolfenstein21: You can never deny that with invention comes tech comes convince and with convince comes lazy vicarity because what made us social creatures was working together at hosehold chores which have been replaced with errosion of necessary teamwork. The sociological crisis has lead society to Narcissistic sociopathy , a condition of cruelty by constraint of necessity. The less we need , the less we care and the less we care the less we relate which terminates in malignant narcissism using LLM's platitudes as viable social interaction .
  8. @joevonwolfenstein21: What is disconcerting is I actually like LLM's  translatiins of french poetry. It chooses a style very close to mine with the exception of my signature of key product placement of brand names that correlate to the phrase being translated with a "®™" after each product placement. So , I teach AI . I do not go to it for very much inquisition.
  9. @joevonwolfenstein21: Call ma old fashioned but I NEVER ask AI any question for which I do not already know the answer. The age old problem with institutional education is the goal , namely : a better job in exchange for over priced tuition. Very few in my day of 1993 went to college for the pleasure of learning . Me , I had a little bit of luck in having settlement money to get me through two years at a state college where I took never more than 3 classes a semester (9 credits) where other students and some teachers said I waz being lazy , however when I took a class I studied the book cover to cover and when in an history of music class where the book had an expensive set of accompanying CDs for $200 extra dollars (1993 dollars adjusted for inflation comes to $668 as of 2026) I bought those CDs and since I was not on a pell grant , I did not have to meet mandatory minimums on credits per semester. So , needless to say , I didn't even have a computer yet ; I had a Brother ®™ word processor and AI was still science fiction . I never got a degree more than the GED that got me into that teachers college , YET when in France , after long I had the french complementing me on my native pronunciation and that I had genuine sympathy for the 19th century poets I was translating . Between that journey to France and from the teachers college  , I went to university for an archdiocesan priestly program where I had to overload my course studies to 15 credits then  18 credits in two semesters respectively and my grades were miserable mediocre and this was the biggest takeaway : one class was philosophical course on logic where the book was $300 dollars (dig this) because it had an accompanying CDROM with a copy of the book on it. Nothing else , just a gimmick and the professor covered half the book on the semantics with no reguard for the second half covering symbolic logic. That's $300 in the year 2000 adjusted for inflation comes to $580 in 2026 and you know what happened to that book ? I threw it in the trash (a brand new book) because I was moving and couldn't take it with me ; CDROM and all and the only reason I have no complaint is U didn't pay for it. If you think I feel bad for that Archdiocese , think again. They promoted the get this cushy priest job and we'll pay your way . Sucker never get an even break . They wouldn't accept my really great grades from the teachers college and expected me to cover all that remedial work all over again . So , they spent a lot of money on me not withstanding $580 adjusted for infkation on one book alone while I was getting compliments from the French on my linguistic skills. None of those people who graduated instead of me could get anything from the French except disdain and reproach for fumbling , bumbling in a language theu have no clue how to use. My point here is , if you get even one compliment from the French , and I mean the Parisians with the rest ,  on how you speak and/or translate their language  , you've achieved something much better than a degree ; you've achieved honorificabilitudinitatibus ! And that's more than even an Harvard graduate can say .
  10. @evangeline9969: When would AI ever be “needed” for class work unless an assignment required it? And damn, part of an assignment is coming up with the idea (yourself).
  11. @Warrogue1: We wouldn't have to tell students to write by hand if we could turn off the internet on the classroom .computers
  12. @lindakay_redux: I never knew when I was a child that learning to read by phonics and casually reading the dictionary in alphabetical order starting in second grade would eventually become a dying commodity.

17:25 I just completely mentally digressed when I heard this statement. All I could think is, "thank God William Bradford is one of my 10th great-grandfathers, which led me to read "Of Plymouth Plantation" numerous times. 

I writes good!........
  13. @485-Express-Antoine-Faucon: I'm a CS major and the issue isn't AI itself. it's how students use it. I also used AI in my school projects. But, I always made sure to get clear AI explanations of why the code is written in this way. I also made sure that I can explain the code to myself after using it. If I can't explain it clearly, then I modify the code AI gave me to something I understand. Very often, I use AI as a debugger / tool to reduce cognitive load and enhance clarity and there's nothing wrong with that. But, if someone just copies blindly from AI without understanding what they are doing, then that's the problem.
  14. @RuthM1611: I personally use ai to use help me learn confusing math assignments because my math teacher sucks at teaching.
  15. @RememberVeni-Vidi-Vici: It is the same.. u get no benefit
  16. @NathanielMike-l2p: I won't lie, in college I sometimes use AI to make my life easier (not always but it's a nice tool). I'm in mechanical engineering so most of my classes are math and physics based and you need to understand things like multivariable calculus, physics 2 or mechanics of materials, however for certain classes where you need to memorize and summarize textbooks and slides or notes from pdf files... Well it kinda helps organizing notes. I wouldn't let chatgpt write me a guide for metallurgy, intro to businesses management or  fundamentals and elements of biomedical engineering, however it's a quick way to highlight certain topics as I can insert the syllabus and the scanned pages of the books and I can cut the parts that are unnecessary for my major (being in mechanical I don't need to know advanced material science or all about economics/finances or biology, just the tools to make a plane, analyze costs or know enough to design a medical device after all). I still use the material, I would never study using what the AI blurted out, but it's useful to get a basic understanding of the subject, besides by following in class and reorganizing my notes I can spot if it allucinated and wrote something dumb. I feel like some professors are pretty bad at their jobs, just giving you the material and a test without explaining much and without AI it used to take me longer to prepare for those types of lectures, but I still use my brain.
  17. @pokemongo-up3rq: When you make mandatory classes that teach that White men who speak english suck and fat trans black lesbians are god's gift to the earth, people who use AI on their braindead assignments are treating current higher education with the respect that it deserves.
  18. @UrbanENT9629: My students cannot add 2 digit numbers together. These are honors chemistry students. They also can’t use mental math. This is a product of over reliance on calculators.
  19. @forgottencomicbooks6550: its simple. ban a.i from all class rooms.
  20. @Paytoon42: Bragging about AI use is so cringe

- Gymnastics coach says ‘go to hell...#fyp #viral #trending #courtroom #trend #foryou: Kind: captions Language: en I have a different relationship with Larry from the standpoint that I was a coach for many years. When I graduated from grad school, he was an advisor of mine. I've done clinics with him for years, and I've probably sent well over 100 to him over the years. [music] So, the guilt I feel is hard to hard to fathom. He didn't only deceive these girls, which as honest guy, that's the worst of the worst is what he [music] does to these girls. But, what you did to everybody else who trusted you and sent girls your way is disgusting, reprehensible, unforgivable.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielo.romelus5838 [1 likes]: first

- I Created a Viral AI influencer on instagram that got Monetized (Full Course): Kind: captions Language: en No one is actually showing you how to create AI influencers that look this realistic. But I will, and I'll give you the [music] full workflow at the end because I know the struggle. You get overwhelmed by 20 different AI tools. You follow the tutorials, but they never end up looking this realistic or consistent. Yet meanwhile, you see AI influencers like these growing to millions of followers overnight. That's why I'm making this video. I've been growing and monetizing AI influencers and AI content like this for over 2 years, and it's helped me generate seven figures. So today in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how it's done. Step one. The first thing you need to do is decide whether your AI influencer is going to be entertaining or educational. Social media has evolved. People are no longer scrolling to see what their friends are doing. They're on Instagram to be entertained or to learn something, and your AI influencer needs to do one of those two things very well. Just look at some of the top AI influencers on the internet right now. Chen Chinese Med, Omar Wiseman, Chloe Verse History. Every single one of them falls into one of these two buckets. So make sure to pick your plan before doing anything else. Step two. Next, we need to get started with the softwares you'll need. Hey Field for video and image generation and 11 Labs for audio and voice-overs. These are the exact tools and workflows that I've used to grow multiple AI influencers from zero to over 40,000 followers in less than a month. I'm not saying any of this to brag. I just want to show you what's possible with these AI influencers. Step three. Now we need to pick our niche. If you've chosen an entertainment account, the best niches right now are history, scary stories, comedy characters, storytelling, sports, travel, and celebrities. If you've chosen an educational account like me, then the best niches are health, fitness, wealth, finance, relationships, and self-improvement. Making money from entertainment accounts usually comes from brand deals, but for educational accounts, you have more options. Digital products, affiliate links, physical products, coaching, consulting, brand integrations. But you should know that educational accounts are harder to get views early. The trade-off is basically if you can get early traction, you'll be able to make more money per follower. The point is know which game you're playing from day one. Step four, to build our character, we're going to come to Higgsfield. First, go to image, then select Nano Banana Pro. In my opinion, this is the best image generator on the market right now and it's what I use for all of my AI influencers. But before we start prompting, let me show you what we're going for. This is Chen Chinese Med. He's an educational account about traditional Chinese medicine. He's a hyperrealistic older Asian man completely AI generated. But what I want you to pay attention to is the lighting, the skin texture, the consistency across every post. That's the level that we're going to be building towards. Then for our entertainment inspiration, this is Granny Spills. She's in the comedy niche and she's basically an AI generated older woman who spills the tea on celebrities. Every single one of her images looks like the same person. So now I'm going to show you how to build these two characters live. The first one is going to be for one of my own AI influencer accounts and I'll show you that account later in this video. Just make sure to follow along because all the steps are the same no matter what account you're building. Let's start with the educational account. When you get inside Higgsfield, go to image and select Nano Banana Pro. We want to be thinking about the prompt in our layers. So first, describe your character, the age, the gender, the physical features, the overall vibe. Then we want to describe the environment. Basically, where are they and what's the lighting? Then we want to describe the style details. Hyperrealistic 4K, describe the skin texture and hair detail. Then we want to focus on the camera angle. Eye level, close-up and 9 by 16 for reels. And this is going to be my overall prompt for our educational character. Now you can take this a step further with something called JSON prompting. Basically, you would just come over to Claude and ask it for a JSON prompt for this type of an image. That's going to give you a much more detailed prompt that you can feed Higgsfield if you want to go that extra step. Make sure your aspect ratio size is 9 by 16, select batch size to 4 4K, and hit generate. Yeah, so these are amazing so far. I'm going to pick the best one, and then I'm going to go ahead and generate two side profiles, too. You can even have it create a model sheet like this using this prompt. So, Higgsfield knows exactly what your character looks like from every direction. That's how you get consistency like this across every post. Great. So, now that our educational character is locked, we're going to build the entertainment one. We're basically going to do a replica of Granny Spills. Same process, completely different energy. This time we want a warm, expressive, older woman, someone who looks like she has a lot of personality and stories to tell, and is not afraid to tell them. Here's the prompt we're going to use. A 72-year-old woman, warm expressive face, white hair styled neatly, mischievous smile, bright eyes, grandmotherly, but sharp. The environment is a cozy living room, floral wallpaper, warm lamp lighting, in a comfortable armchair. The environment is going to be in front of a yacht, and she should be wearing a bright yellow dress. The style is going to be hyperrealistic photography, 4K, natural skin texture with age detail. The camera should be a Sony A7 IV, slight close-up, 9 by 16 vertical. Now again, you could go to Claude and make a better prompt, but I'm just going to go ahead and click generate and see what this comes up with. Look at that. She looks like a real person. Almost nobody except you are going to be scrolling past this knowing that that's AI. Then you're going to pick the best one, generate the side profiles in the character, and boom, you have both of your characters. Step five. Now we need to build the voiceover in Eleven Labs. To do this, we're going to come over to the voice library and find a voice that matches each character. If you can't find one you like, you can generate your own voice by clicking this, and then describing your character. For the wealthy man, we're going to say a calm, authoritative, measured voice, someone the audience is going to trust. And for our granny, we're going to say an older woman with a little bit of attitude. Then you're just going to go ahead and play each of the voices until you find the [music] one that you like. Great. So, that's going to be our character's voice. Once you lock these in, you're basically going to be using this voice for every piece of content. And that's going to represent your brand on social media. For example, this is another one of my AI influencer accounts that I've been growing for over 2 years, and we've been using the exact same voice consistently since day one. I think it's important to note that that voice becomes a part of your brand. Just like when this YouTube channel was just an AI influencer up until about 250,000 followers, and now today I've decided to show my face instead of my AI influencer. Step six. Now we need to write scripts for our AI influencers. [music] To do this, we're going to come back over to Claude, and look, I know some of you are going to want to use ChatGPT, but just trust me, Claude writes better copy, and you'll see why in a sec. For our educational character, we're just going to basically ask Claude to write a script for a wealthy older man who's giving out wealth advice. Now, in reality, if you want this to actually perform well on social media, you're going to want to go and find other accounts that are already doing this well. You're going to be looking for outliers that have gotten millions of views, and try to understand why they worked well. But trust me, you don't want to copy them. Instead, what you want to do is basically remix those scripts and make them more engaging. Pablo Picasso did say, "Good artists copy, but great artists steal." So, this is going to be the script for our wealthy man, and then this is going to be the script for our celebrity gossip granny. Now you're going to take these scripts and paste them into Eleven Labs using the voice that you selected. Now, in theory, if you didn't want to use Eleven Labs, you could just record yourself. Again, that's what I did on this YouTube channel that you're watching now for over 2 years without revealing my face using an AI influencer. And I'd say it works pretty well because we were able to get over 10 million views and 250,000 subscribers. Step seven. We're going to go back to Higgsfield, go to video, and then you're going to choose one of three options. You can choose Kling 3.0, VO 3.1, or C Dance 2.0 because Higgsfield just released C Dance 2.0, which is scary good. Best video generator on the market right now. You can use your generated voiceover as reference here alongside your reference image, and C Dance will keep that voiceover as the dialogue of your character, which is mind-blowing. In C Dance 2.0, you're usually going to be limited to about 15 seconds per video. So, for the purpose of this example, I'll do one of each. Come to C Dance 2.0 and enter the character image and the voiceover we generated earlier. Then, we put our prompt that we generated with Claude. And note that we asked Claude AI to make the lip sync and hand gesture to be 100% accurate and realistic. This will give us a very realistic result. Then, we're going to click generate, and we're probably going to have to do this a couple times to make a full clip. Now, we're just going to have to wait like 2 or 3 minutes, so I'm going to shoot some hoops. And guys, if you think I'm not draining shots, working on my game while this is prompting, you're out of your mind. All right, guys. Here is the result, and let's go ahead and play this. >> Do you know why Rolex has never sponsored a football athlete? It's because football was invented [music] for the poor. Rolex sponsors F1, golf, All right, I'm going to save that till the end so you can see the final result and how it does. But, now let's go ahead and start working on our granny. For this one, I'm going to try to make it a little bit more dynamic like the actual sample account Granny Spills. So, for this, we're again using C Dance. Upload the image of our granny and voiceover. Again, we're simply going to make the whole video in parts because C Dance doesn't let us generate videos longer than 15 seconds. [music] And we're going to want to give it dynamic prompts that actually make this sound good. I'm just going to go ahead, and I'll also give away the prompts that I used in the description as well. And you can basically just download it and then tweak it to whatever your character is. Honestly, I do usually have to prompt [music] this a few times to get the result that I want. And guys, honestly, this still just shocks me. I can't believe that you can do all this in less than 10 minutes using these tools. One of my AI influencers grew to over 100,000 followers in less than a month and I documented the entire process. So, make sure you're subscribed when that video comes out. Once you have all your clips, we can just drag them over to CapCut or whatever editor that you use. Inside the editor, we're going to put the clips sequentially. Then we're going to add that look good. I like these. Then you can either pick a background track now or later when you're actually uploading these inside of Instagram, which I would recommend. And then once you're happy, you can just go ahead and export it. And you might think that you're ready to post, but we do still have a couple more steps if you actually want [music] this to get views. Step eight. Now we need to create our Instagram account. Choose a handle that matches your character and niche. Short, clean, and memorable. Then write a short bio that speaks directly to [music] your ideal follower. You basically want these people to be scrolling, find your reel, come to your profile, check it out, and then choose to follow you. For the profile picture, you want to have something that has a lot of contrast as the profile picture. Step nine. Before you post, you need to understand how the algorithm actually [music] works today because I have news for you. Likes do not matter as much as you think they do. What Instagram's algorithm actually places the most weight on is three things. Watch time, [music] saves, and shares. I've analyzed thousands of viral outliers that I've created and these are the stats that usually make you stand out. The average Instagram post usually gets looked at for about three to five [music] seconds. But viral content like this gets viewed for 36 seconds. [music] Sometimes on my most viral posts, I'll actually get more watch time than what the video's length actually is. Next is saves. The average Instagram post usually gets one out of every 30 [music] people saving it. But on viral content, you want to have about one out of every 10 save it. [music] Finally, reshares. Reshares is probably the most important stat for viral content. This is where people either send it to a friend or share it to their story. The average post gets about 2% of people resharing it, while viral posts get more like 5 to 10% [music] sharing. Those are the baseline stats that you need to beat if you want to have a chance at going viral. Having high watch time means you need to hold your viewers attention all the way through the video. That's why the story arc, the hook, the tension, and the payoff all matter. Having a lot of saves means that your content needs [music] to be useful, valuable, and interesting enough that someone wants to refer back to it later. And finally, having enough shares means that your content made someone [music] feel something. Inspired, shocked, entertained, something that is worth sending to someone else. And look, I went ahead and created this viral checklist for you to make sure that you're doing this in every video. Before you ever hit publish, just ask yourself these three questions. Will people watch this all the way through? Will someone want to save this for later? And will people relate to this enough to send it to someone else? If your answer is yes to all three, post it. And if not, make it better. For posting frequency when you're starting, you should be posting at least once a day. That gives you the best chance at actually getting something to take off. But don't worry, once you have traction, you can taper it back if you want to. For example, I started working with TJ when he was at about 200,000 followers, and he recently passed 1 million followers, and he does not post content every day. But again, you can only start to do this once you already [music] have traction. I'll be honest, usually getting traction is one of the hardest parts on Instagram. But since I'm not one to gatekeep, I'm going to go ahead and share another secret. To bypass the notorious Instagram jail, you have three options. You can do it the hard way, which by the way is working very well with AI influencers right now. And this is where Instagram's algorithm basically picks you up automatically based on the caption and keywords, and then pushes it out to audiences that they think will be interested in your content. The second way you can do this is go ahead and buy an Instagram account that already [music] has traction and momentum. Now, there are a lot of risks and red flags with this approach that I talk a lot about inside of my private community AI Content Academy, but if you do it right, it can work extremely well. The problem is that most people who try to do this do it totally wrong and then they end up with an account that just dies. The third and final way to bypass the Instagram jail phase is through distribution. Basically, this is where I use targeted traffic to flood my page with traffic. The crazy part is when you do this, as long as your content is good, it kind of tricks the Instagram algorithm because again, new viewers are watching, saving, and resharing your content. And that signals to Instagram that it should push it to more people similar to those. For example, I did this on this brand new Instagram account and within the first month, we had over 2,000 followers. Then we posted this reel while we were flooding the page with traffic and it totally took off. We posted this when the account only had 2,000 followers and it got over 13 million views. This one post alone grew the account by over 40,000 new followers and none of that would have been possible without flooding the page with that targeted traffic. But the reality is, no two accounts are the same. So every time someone comes to me for that service, we do create a custom strategy for them so it works. Step 10, monetization. Once your account starts growing, there are three main ways you can actually make money. The first is brand deals. This is usually the fastest way to make significant money once you have an audience. Brands in your niche will pay you to be featured in your content to the audience that you've built. And lucky for you, with these AI influencer accounts, the integrations are so easy. Brands used to have to pay thousands of dollars to go hire a studio and a cinematographer to make shots like this. But now, I can literally do this in my underwear in bed if I wanted to. And that's not really a scene that you want to imagine. The rate that you can in for brand deals varies based on your niche and the amount of views that you're pulling. But [music] guys, some of my AI influencers have literally gotten six-figure brand deals. But I will be the first to tell you that that is not normal and it only is able to happen when you do things extremely effectively >> [music] >> from day one. And that's why following all the steps inside this video is extremely important. [music] The second way you can make money is with digital products. This is what accounts like Omar Waismann does. He sells a $9, a $27, and $47 ebook. The beauty about digital products is that you can build it once and sell it forever. This is what AI influencers like Omar Waismann and even some of my own do. Like on this account that was started on February 16th, we sell a $27 ebook. It's only April 3rd and that ebook alone has generated thousands of dollars in sales. There's no inventory, no shipping, it's just pure profit. As long as you're an educational account, there is usually a digital product that'll fit your niche. It could be a guide, a program, an app, templates, or a course. [music] And there are so many ways to build these that I'll be covering in future videos, so make sure you're subscribed. The third way you can monetize these is with physical products. Take a look back at Chen Chinese Med. He sells this product through the Amazon link in his bio. Again, as an infotainment account, he basically builds trust and authority in his niche, then he drives traffic to the product that he recommends. And look, you don't even need your own product. You could technically just drive an affiliate link to any Amazon product and make a commission on every sale you get. Those are the main three paths that most AI influencers are using right now, but I wouldn't be surprised in 6 months if AI influencers are starting to do all sorts of coaching, courses, and even selling high-level services. So now that you have all the steps, you probably want to see what's actually possible with the videos that we generated in this video. This is one of my own AI influencer accounts and we have over 140,000 followers from just 41 uploads. The reel we made today was uploaded yesterday and it already has over 1,300 likes, 400 shares, and 200 saves. It's gotten over 31,000 views, and the graph is looking very healthy. It looks like that's going to keep growing. And now, 3 weeks later, this reel we made in this video has 250,000 views, 7,000 likes, 130 comments, 4,000 shares, and it generated my AI influencer over 3,000 new followers. But, the best part is this is actually generating sales. In fact, people message me every day asking for the link to my digital product. So, the final step in this process actually comes down to you. Look, building an Instagram account is a marathon, not a sprint. Even though you might be excited right now and want to go into Higgs Field and make the 10 best posts of all time, my advice would be to show up every day and post something that's better than the last. I've worked with so many people, and the ones who get the best results are the ones who are in it for the long haul. A lot of people just give up before they ever see results. Don't be that person. If you change your mindset from going viral every time just outlasting everyone else, you are going to be successful. And if you found this video useful, please like the video. It helps more than you know. [music] Last thing, if you want feedback, go ahead and drop your AI influencer handle in the comments, and I [music] will roast them below. With that said, guys, I can't wait to see what you come up with, and I will see you on the other side.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ardadizdaroglu [2 likes]: Seriously, this is the most sincere and informative video I've seen in my research on this topic. Thank you so much! I just have one question. From what I've researched, people seem to get stuck on an identity verification alert after few days later of creating an Instagram account. Do you have any suggestions on how to avoid this? Or what should we do if we do get caught? Also, do we need to write that "we are AI, created by AI or etc." in our profile bio or under our Reels descriptions? Thank you very much again!
  2. @SSIshorts [1 likes]: 🧐👍
  3. @adwaithvarma4636 [1 likes]: Wow you're too good. It took me a second to notice that in some parts of your video its your avatar speaking 😭😭😭😭
  4. @gouthamtuzz: Thank you let me try theses steps
  5. @Shufflezzz-m7y: keep in mind that none of this is possible without spending lots of money or having a crazy network that can drive people to the pages.... if you dont have this, you will most likely still have 0 followers 3 months in, not 100k like he suggests... keep in mind that this guy is not making this video to help you, he is making it to make money off of you, just like an ai influencer would.  If this was as easy as he says everyone would be a millionaire do to ai influencers and he would be so rich that he wouldnt bothering to make YT vids about it.... there is no such thing as get rich quick, dont get baited
  6. @nihalsinha-n5w: We want all the prompts u used
  7. @Tristan.Million: Any tips about warming up the account? Everytime I make a new account my posts get barely 100views. When I see some accounts brand new get thousands to millions. Thanks
  8. @TrensZilla: I made an ai influencer, gained 1k followers in a few days and have a few viral videos im selling a pdf file but no conversions yet not sure where to go from here
  9. @Motodreamaker: Prompt  please
  10. @Brownskinn_kenn: Niceeeee what do you use for the b roll and editing in this video?
  11. @syron42: nice content
  12. @Faizzann1: What about the hey gen? That's what you used for Richard hale video production?
  13. @alecbernal-nigh9793: Thanks bro, there’s something I don’t understand. I’ve already grown two accounts to more than 30k followers in one week, one was with the AI lab and the other wasn’t, and Instagram suspended both of my accounts. Has this happened to anyone else? Does anyone know what’s going on?
  14. @bespokestyling: Seedance is actually horrible when using audio, it doesn’t even generate the right audio…
  15. @BekhoBayramov-w5o: How much does this ai influencer make for you per month?
  16. @ShafiqulAI: Hey bro, how are you? Love from Bangladesh. Where do you live in Bangladesh bro
  17. @angeldon731: Check out my ai clone content, I'm looking forward to expanding and collaboration
  18. @krenlyabrams5577: The reason you are showing you face is cause youtube doesnt like 100% Ai videos anymore.
  19. @akw-u4d: ANy idea why Omar is no longer in IG?
  20. @YeastyDynastyStudios: I looked at your Granny Spills IG, how are you not getting account strikes for ai generated celebrities?

- I've never seen a faster way to get monetized: Kind: captions Language: hi Pehle creators ko monetize hone mein saalon lagte the,- par kuch channels sirf tees din mein kar rahe hain! -But sawaal hai! Kaise!? Unhe YouTube ka aisa kya pata hai jo humein nahi? Jaise YouTube mature ho raha hai! Maine ek cheez notice ki hai Badhte YouTubers ne discover kiya hai ki monetization ke peeche science hai! -Aur jaise ye techniques popular ho rahi hain! Zyada channels record time mein monetize ho rahe hain! Toh is video mein! Main wo secret techniques bataunga jo wo log use kar rahe hain! Taaki aap views ke liye struggle na karein, aur monetization requirements hit kar saken! Now, ye video viral niche! ya better ideas ke baare mein nahi hai. Today, main nayi! aur rarely discussed strategies bataunga jo ye channels use kar rahe hain! Jo shayad ek bada reason hai ki ye channels monetize ho rahe hain! Lesson one! Packaging acchi hai. Par jaisa aap soch rahe hain, waisa nahi. Zara dekho! Is video ko. Shayad ye channel dekha hoga, jo sirf chaudah videos ke saath nau lakh se zyada subscribers tak pahunch gaya hai! Now, aap sochenge ki ye video chala thumbnail se! Haan, usne help ki,- par mujhe lagta hai title ne! is video ko itna clickable banaya. Dekho! Sab log views ke liye thumbnails improve karne ko kehte hain, main bhi, but rarely! koi titles improve karne ko kehta hai! Jo important ho sakte hain- aur kabhi kabhi zyada bhi. Apni baat prove karne ke liye, dekho is video ko! Ye video ek bande ka hai! Jise main follow kar raha hoon! Lagbhag ek saal pehle, wo bina fancy thumbnail ke viral ho gaya! Bas office ki stills thi. But uske titles! genius the! Aur isne doosre channels ko grow karne mein help ki. Maine paya wo videos clickable banane ke liye powerful psychological techniques use kar raha tha! Chalo unhe break down karte hain. Pehli technique hai specificity! Jab aap apne titles mein super specific hote hain! Sirf ye kehne ke bajay, ki ye sabse tez tareeka hai das hazaar per month kamane ka! Usne specifics use kiye! Jaise teen hazaar se paanch hazaar! Aur aapke bank account mein! Doosra reason ye title powerful hai kyunki wo kuch aisa promise karta hai jo audience desperately chahti hai, short time mein. Ye titles ko clickable banane ka powerful tareeka hai! Kyunki ye urgency add karta hai! Agar title hota online teen hazaar se paanch hazaar dollar kaise kamayein. Boring? Fastest! aur into your bank account asap! add karke, ye curiosity badha deta hai! Aapko click karne par majboor karta hai. Toh agar zyada views chahiye, dono! strategies apne titles par test karein. Okay! Toh agla step jo maine notice kiya ye chhote channels tezi se monetize hone ke liye use kar rahe the, wo thi unki ability credibility banane ki! Bina zyada subscribers ke, jo trust banane ke liye important hai. Ek favorite example hai basketball channel out of bounds! Sirf chaudah videos mein, unhe saade chaudah million views aur taintalees hazaar subscribers mile! use karke ek simple, powerful strategy! Scratch se credibility banane ke bajay, unhone un basketball celebrities ko leverage kiya jin par pehle se attention tha! For example, unka doosra video dekho jise do million views mile. Unhone Mugsy Bogues ka face use kiya! Ek NBA player, us attention ko tap karne ke liye jo pehle se un par tha. Isse unhe authority banane mein help mili, wo un players par videos bana rahe hain jinmein audience interested hai! Jinki respect karti hai. Now, aap sochenge, agar main documentary channel nahi chalata? Don't worry! Ye kisi bhi niche par apply kar sakte hain. Step one! Apna video ek authority source ke aas-paas structure karo. फिटनेस कंटेंट में, ये आपके पसंदीदा एथलीट का सुबह का रूटीन हो सकता है! और कुकिंग में, सोचिए कैसे आप एक मशहूर शेफ की पसंदीदा डिश बना सकते हैं। देखिए, niche कोई मायने नहीं रखता। बस एक ऐसा authority figure चुनें जिसे लाखों लोग जानते हों और पसंद करते हों। Step two! Unhe packaging mein add karo, attention ke liye unka face use karo, aur make sure thumbnail mein wo pehle notice hon taaki log instantly! authority figure pehchan lein. Ye aapko authority banane aur attention grab karne mein help karega, bhale hi zero subscribers hon aur credibility na ho! But secret hai! authority figures ko test karte rehna aur dekhna kin par attention milta hai! Agli technique jo ye chhote channels tezi se monetize hone ke liye use kar rahe hain. Main ise kehta hoon! the double down strategy. Ye kaise kaam karti hai, explain karne ke liye! Ye channel dekho! Haan, wo ab chhota channel nahi rahe. but baarah mahine se kam mein, wo saat hazaar se dedh lakh subscribers tak gaye! Ek recent video paanch million views paar kar gaya! -But agar hum peeche jaayein! unke shuruaati videos par, wo das se pandrah hazaar views ke liye struggle kar rahe the. Wo different video formats test kar rahe the, jaise grooming videos, dog food reviews,- dog ko trains par le jaane ke videos. But koi bhi viral nahi hua! But phir kuch interesting hua. Unhone ek similar! format test kiya is video ke saath! Aur isne aur bhi accha kiya! Ise mile! Unhone ek similar format test kiya is video ke saath! ye aur bhi viral hua. Isne do dashamlav nau million views kheeche. Tab se, unhone is format ko repeat kiya hai, aur ye viral hota ja raha hai! Maine notice kiya ye chhote channels different formats test karte hain, jab tak ek work nahi karta, us par double down karte hain! Ek slight twist ke saath! Agar aap bhi utni tezi se monetize hona chahte hain, main recommend karta hoon aap bhi wahi karein. Apne channel par test karne ke liye do se teen formats chuno! Dekho kaun sa sabse accha perform karta hai! Agar koi format average se upar perform kare, baaki sab chhod do! Aur usi format ke aas-paas ek se do aur videos banao! Bilkul same topic structure, similar title formula, thumbnail style, same video length, same opening hook style! Aap notice karenge ye channel basically! same video recreate karta hai. Wo sirf similar nahi banate. Wo videos banate hain jo format mein almost identical hain! Bas different content ke saath. Aapko wahi video banate rehna hai jab tak wo perform karna band na kar de. Now! Ye views ke liye great strategy hai, but hamesha rapid subscriber! growth nahi deti. Toh ek aakhri cheat code hai jo main share karna chahta hoon, ye chhote channels use kar rahe hain aakhri char sau se paanch sau subscribers paane ke liye! Taaki monetize ho saken. Aur sabse acchi baat, ye har post kiye gaye video ke liye bas extra bees se tees minutes lega! Toh apne phone par YouTube kholein aur apna koi video chunein jo accha perform kar raha hai jiska watch time aur engagement accha ho. Us video par click karein aur neeche! aapko remix button dikhna chahiye. Us par click karein aur edit into short! select karein. YouTube automatically editor khol dega jo aapko video ka part select karke short banane dega! Aur wahin magic hota hai. Fancy editing software nahi chahiye! Kuch reshoot nahi karna. Aap bas use repurpose kar rahe hain jo pehle create kiya hai. Toh video ka ek section dhoondo jo complete thought! ya valuable tip teen minute ya kam mein deta ho, kuch jo akela khada reh sake! aur value de. Us clip ko YouTube ke trimming tool se select karein. But secret ye hai jo log miss karte hain publish karne se pehle! make sure auto caption aur end mein call to action add karein. Jaise zyada tips ke liye subscribe karein! Aap text feature use kar sakte hain. solid hack hai! Kyunki aap isse kuch sau subscribers gain kar sakte hain! shorts se, aur ismein zyada time nahi lagta! Now, jitne helpful! ye hacks hain! Phir bhi guarantee nahi ki ye aapke channel ko monetize karenge agar aapko YouTube ke fundamentals nahi pata. Toh! fundamentals seekhne ke liye! aap ye video dekhein right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @baillyf1 [1 likes]: There isn't a remix on Macbook browser.
  2. @SilverFoxinMexico-lx5sm [1 likes]: I have 817 subscribers and 4,035 hours. Just trying to get over that final hump
  3. @Marzo17_aviation [1 likes]: Please help Im currently in the stages of being verified however, have been demonetised 3x now!! Every penny I made from ad revenue YouTube is consistently seizing without proper cause other than “you violated YouTube monetisation policies” and “invalid views” I have been robbed of 1000s of £ and I need to get monetised fast please help me
  4. @medir-acao: But may we use the image of a famous figure without their permission?
  5. @MohdNaeem-i9e: Nice video ❤❤❤
  6. @FOTU_Official: It is tough doing it the legit way... Generic.
  7. @bangonfishingadventures: no remix button on mine
  8. @WhiteGranny: 😢😊
  9. @LegitLarry517: I struggle with this because I have never clicked on a video because of the thumbnail or title. Actually it’s the odd ones, the ones that don’t look polished that catch my attention the most. If it’s not in my interest it doesn’t matter what the title is or the thumbnail looks like. I do it anyway because it’s not about me but still.
  10. @UltraMonolith: Few days in, soon there.
  11. @selfhealingwithsarah: I have subscribed and paid for subscription because I am literally binge watching all your content because I want to grow and for my videos to reach those who will need them the most. My page is all about healing and I have found the advice on all your videos so helpful... Just need to reach those milestones and eventually start monetising.
  12. @KBELITE2512: Help me up 50only first target😅
  13. @BlairMackintosh: Hi there .. I hope you can help as I'm having a hard time finding the answer to the following question ..... These channels that use a famous person's picture ... do they have to get permission first?
  14. @NYCLINow: I've learned don't stop and start. I stopped for quite a few years only uploading random stuff once in a while. Got serious again and realize how far behind I am.
  15. @BeccaDoss: What would you suggest for finding/choosing an authority figure in my genre of reacting to, and breaking down (in detail), music videos which tie into my goal of helping others feel less alone, more understood, or to give them something to learn/laugh about, usually tying into some degree of mental health, ed recovery, chronic illness and disability/lyme disease, and just helping people feel seen and heard b6 reacting to relatable or emotional music?
  16. @CavyTrades: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized😢
  17. @PhilipMaz-z9f: Nice! I didn't know this. Very helpful. I'm glad viewers helped too, that's excellent.
  18. @healthyalignedtv: Keep on creating good conent everyone
  19. @DailyASMRshorts99: The science you say.
  20. @MariaGako-x6r: Ganon ba kaelangan may fundamental

- How I Monetized My Faceless TikTok in 7 Days: Kind: captions Language: en These are new UK accounts and in the next 7 days I'm going to grow this account to 10,000 followers, monetize it, and show you guys how much I made. I'm going to do all this with simple faceless content. You can copy the same style and grow your page. As we all know, once you get into the Creators Reward Program, TikTok will start paying you for the views you get on your video. And this program is now available for Nigerian accounts. So, if you don't have a UK account, later in this video I'll tell you how you can get a UK account. And to get into the Creators Reward Program, you need 10,000 followers. But getting 10,000 followers on TikTok is not hard. In this video, I'm going to prove that. The challenge I've already started, now it's time for me to post my first video. But before that, I have to edit the name, the profile picture, and the bio to look professional. And then I will scroll on my FYP for some minutes so that TikTok will know that the account is active. Now, it's time to post my first video. I need a niche that can actually be monetized cuz not all niche can be monetized. This faceless account is already monetized. And all they do is they just take viral videos, add like five videos together, and edit it, and their name is Top 5 Clips. I like this niche, but I want to start with something easy that everyone can do, even you as a beginner. So, there's this other niche. I call it A versus B. This type of video is where you match two similar videos and compare A versus B. So, that one is very easy to edit and we are going to start with that. Here's an example. So, this faceless account is also listed as one of the top performing accounts on the Creators Reward Program, which means they are posting these A versus B videos and they are actually monetized. Now, imagine how much they are making just by joining similar videos together. Let's start posting. So, when I was scrolling on my FYP, I saw this video and I think this video is going to be a good video cuz the original video did 80 million views on their main page. So, let's see how well this video will do on my new account. I just finished editing the video and it went from looking like this to this. I also went to their page to download another video. But first, I posted a movie clip I found on YouTube to test which one will perform better. So, today we are starting with three videos. Tomorrow morning, the result of these videos will tell us if we are going to continue with this niche or change to another niche cuz we have so many ideas. Good morning. Today is day two, so let's check our progress. How I've gone. So, I'm predicting what I'm going to be pre- Did you see that notification? Bro. And before I open the account, I'm going to be predicting that we got at least 5 to 10,000 views. Cuz yesterday before I slept off, one of the videos was already at 1,000, I think 1,200 views. So, let's see how many views we got. Bro. To be honest with you, I wasn't expecting it to go like this. I was actually expecting something like 20k views on the first day, 30k views, and then go up like that. We have already passed 1 million views. The movie got 800 views. So, basically, this account we are not going to be posting movie clips. So, the first video, which is a movie clip, got 800 views. The second video got 800,000 views. And the third video got 500,000 views. And since we have already found the niche that is working for us, we are going to delete the movie clip. This is where I get the videos. The name of the page is the smiley farm. So, let me select which videos I'm going to be posting today. The best way to select videos is to select videos that went viral. So, you'll be sure that it will also get views on your page. So, I just posted three more videos on the account, and in the evening I'm still going to post more videos cuz I want to spam the videos. I couldn't film yesterday cuz I was too busy. But when I woke up yesterday, this is what the account looks like. The videos from the first day we are still the most viewed videos. But later in the afternoon, all the videos I posted started popping up. So, I posted five more videos yesterday, and this morning, this is what the account look like right now. I am going to try something new today. I've noticed that people engage more on posts with celebrities. This video currently have 2.6 million views with just 17,000 likes. At first, I thought the fault was from my own page until I checked the page of the real owners of the video, and I saw that they were also having low engagement on their video, even though their videos do millions of views. You can see their last video got 46,000 views, 800 likes, and just two comments. So, today I will try posting one IShowSpeed live clip, and then one AMB video. As you can see, all the views are coming from the FYP, and the account is in good standard. Today is day five. I just woke up, and these are the two videos I posted yesterday. The Ashish Pilai stream got 4,000 views, and the A versus B video got 14,000 views. So, you already know which one we are going to continue tomorrow. See you tomorrow. We just hit 10,000 followers. So, now it's time to apply for the Creator's Reward Program. But before we apply, we need to click on account check to see if our account is in good standard so we don't get rejected when we apply for the Creator's Reward Program. I've just applied for the Creator's Reward Program, and in less than 1 minute, you can see the time. When I was doing the account check, it was 7:13, and 1 minute later, it's 7:40. And TikTok just sent me a welcome to the Creator's Reward Program. Our account is officially monetized. There are two things we need to do here. The first one is verify identity, and the second one is set up payment method. As you can see, I just added my UK account number. If you don't know how to create UK bank account number, I made a video on that. Now, my payment methods have been set. It's time to verify your identity. You can actually verify your identity with your international passport or your national ID card. Few minutes later, I saw a notification, "You have verified your identity and set up payment method." So, now we can start posting 1 minute plus video and start making And this is the actual RPM of the first video I posted after getting monetized. The RPM is $0.07. RPM is how much TikTok pay you for 1,000 views, which is good because the video got 317 views, and I made 12 cents. So, as of the time I'm posting as of the time I'm editing this video, I'll also show you the current view, how many views the video have currently. And the reason why the RPM is high because the top location of the people watching the video is from United States. Now that the challenge have officially ended, and the account is officially monetized, it's time for me to actually tell you guys the truth. I'm recording this video months after doing the challenge because I didn't want to post this video at first because I failed the challenge. The page actually got monetized on the 8th instead of the 7th. So, I failed the challenge and I wanted to charge back. I felt like the 8th and the 7th is kind of like the same thing even though I failed the challenge, but it got monetized in 8 days. And there are people out there who this video will motivate to create content and do what. So, now I'm deciding to post the video again. So, if you notice like I'm not even looking the same. Like this is this page, I don't know what to do with this page. So, I'm probably going to leave it there. If you want to go and check it out, you can go and check it out. Also, if you don't have a UK account and you're a Nigerian, you can message us with this number and send us your email. We are going to create your your UK account immediately with just 5,000. It's not free. You can also DM for private mentorship and anything see, if you DM me anything you DM me for is not free. So, just know it. Anything Any Anything I post here is free, but anything you DM me for if you message me, it's not free. It's a service, okay?

  Top Comments:
  1. @luckstar035 [6 likes]: Small and new youtubers dont give up lets gather here grow together:hands-yellow-heart-red:
  2. @Ushbebe001: Me is that verification
  3. @anointed.dc1: What app can be used for the collage video please I went through please
  4. @ThankGodMoses-y6s5w: How do I 😢 get started
  5. @Gregwisdom-d9x: Wow
  6. @SharmaArjun-g2l: My boss
Pls list profitable tiktok niches we can start pls
  7. @brownangel8244: How do i download the videos
  8. @Mr_Nox0: So I can use my nin for verification
  9. @AdeleyeMichael-yz4sl: Please how do i create UK account number?
  10. @MiriamEbereUgwu: make a video on how to edit a faceless YouTube video long and short
  11. @DynastyCrafts: Bro please how did you post on YouTube like pacing between each time to post on tiktok
  12. @virallaugh-d3b: But you have not been posting  on the account  since ending  of last year hope is not what am thinking
  13. @clipsaan: I didn't see the video on how to make a uk bank account
  14. @mrbrowntv78: Hi, is your youtube channel for sa-le?
  15. @NahjulBalghaTarjumawaTafseer: Bro how did you created uk account in Nigeria
  16. @StevoskyGaming: Thank you
  17. @WisdomDe-creator: You don’t hide updates that’s great ❤🎉
  18. @WisdomDe-creator: You don’t hide updates that’s great ❤🎉
  19. @WisdomDe-creator: This is cool man
  20. @pendezatv: Bra bra, show how to do it not your successes 😡😡😡

- How I Built a 370K Facebook Page & Monetized It FAST: Kind: captions Language: en The goal of today's video is to help you understand how myself and other creators are blowing up Facebook pages extremely quickly and getting monetized fast. And for those of you that have already been following along the journey, I do have another exciting update for you on some changes that I'm making. So, make sure you stay tuned. And if you're new here, I grew a Facebook theme page from zero to 372,000 followers in about 1 year. And within 90 days of getting monetized, I was averaging $100 per day just from posting. And I was also able to 10x what I was making just by posting with incorporating offers such as affiliate offers, digital products that I made and sold on Etsy, and also print on demand on Etsy. I'm going to show you in today's video exactly how I've done this. And here's a quick little update for those of you that have been following along. So, Facebook has been paying me $0.23 per 1,000 views on my photos, but I just noticed a quick little update on my dashboard that now they're willing to offer me $0.39 per 1,000 views for Reels. So, I'm going to start doing a little bit of a test and incorporating Reels onto my theme page and see what kind of profits we can make. So, be sure to stay tuned for that. If you aren't subscribed, now would be a great time to hit that subscribe button so you can continue to get all of my updates and all of the gems that you need to succeed with your very own page. So, before we jump into the strategy, I just need you to understand this. The people who are winning on Facebook right now are not necessarily the best creators. I personally don't consider myself one of the best creators, but I do understand how content spreads, what people emotionally react to, and how to turn that attention into multiple income streams, which is the important part. Because there's lots of people out here with lots of followers, and most of them are not making a full-time income. So, here's the real game as someone who has been making a full-time income from social media since 2010, you really need to understand that viral views by themselves are nice, what everyone is striving for, but if you're not monetizing that correctly, you can have millions of views and still barely make a living. So, today let's chat about the viral research process, exactly how I grew my page, and I'm not going to leave anything out today, how I monetized it, and what I would focus on if I started over today. So, first off, I just really want to emphasize that Facebook is where it's at, and I think a lot of people are still underestimating the platform. The organic reach potential, specifically on Facebook, is absolutely insane right now, especially with photos, memes, and quote graphics, which simplifies it even more than some of these other platforms. One viral post can truly change the whole trajectory of your page in terms of growth, and so far, my best post had 125,000 likes. And what most people don't realize is, when you get a post that viral, you can actually click on everyone that has liked that post and engage with it, and invite them to follow your page. That right there is huge for organic growth and blowing up your page quickly. So, if you're not doing that, you're leaving it tons on the table. And then, when Facebook actually sees people liking, commenting, sharing, engaging, tagging their friends, they are going to push your content out even harder for you. And this is why a viral content matters so much, because when you're not just posting randomly, you're feeding the algorithm signals that say people are obsessed with this. And one of the number one reasons that my page grew so fast was due to a research, and I emphasize this over and over again, but if you're not doing this part, then you're really not going to be able to grow a page to the maximum potential. So, a lot of people will sit down and they will just think, "Uh, what should I post today?" And they'll just come up with something off the top of their head, or they'll just scroll some of their favorite creators and remodel something that they saw. But, I use a tool called Post Planner, and the reason for this is you can go back all the way a year, 3 years, and find the most viral content. I'm not just talking about something that has 200 likes here and there, but I'm talking about thousands. Thousands of likes, thousands of engagements, because that is what is going to give you the best edge for when you post with your own twist on it to get the most reach and virality, too. So, instead of guessing, Post Planner allows you to see what is getting the most likes, comments, shares, and what is triggering and engagement. And like I said, without this tool, you would have to scroll back years, months into someone's content in order to find the best stuff. So, this literally takes hours off of the research process. And that shortcut alone can save you years of growth on a page. It can save you from taking 5 years to grow an audience to, you know, 6 months to a year, like I did. So, I researched and studied large viral pages, meme pages, quote pages, niche community pages, and Facebook groups, which brings me to the next point. Facebook groups are wildly underrated, because groups tell you exactly what the real people in your niche are talking about. What they laugh about and what they share. And that content and information is gold. And here's the key. I didn't actually copy anyone. I simply modeled patterns, and there's a huge difference there between directly copying something and noticing patterns and giving it your own vibe. And the most of content is usually extremely simple. And once you see the pattern, you really cannot unsee it. And then it makes it easier every single time to create more and more viral content. So, here's what I posted. I started with just three posts per day before I got monetized. And once I got monetized, I worked my way up all the way to 20 posts per day. I posted memes, quote-style graphics, infographics, and I also created sort of like a character for myself and told stories on the page that were relevant to my life, but as a character. And what I mean by that is people would come on my page and say, "Imagine making your whole personality what this topic is." Which, of course, my whole personality isn't just that topic. It is one aspect of my life, but that was what I posted about so much that people started viewing me just as that one thing, right? And that is basically what a character is. It was still an aspect of me, but I made that one aspect all of me just for that page. Also, keeping in mind, I wasn't really sharing any photos of myself at all. I've been sharing just images that I create in Canva or like food photos, which is irrelevant to my niche, right? So, my niche is in the health and wellness space. And the lesson to take from this is that people share things that reflect their identity. So, people could see themselves in the content that I post. When someone thinks, "Wow, this is a literally me," then they share it. And consistency matters so much. I've been showing up on that page every single day in volume and emotionally connecting with people. And every single post is an opportunity for Facebook to test your content and see if they should push it out. One post might flop, and the next one might explode, right? That is normal. But most people quit before they hit that momentum, and that is a huge mistake. Now, this is where I really lit my page on fire right out of the gate, and that is with the followers ad strategy. So, I ran followers campaigns very strategically, and I help my students do this on a daily basis, and a lot of my students are getting two to four cent followers. And a simple way to do this is to identify posts that are already doing really well on your page, images, and use those for your ads. If people are already engaging with something organically, when you put a little money behind that, it is really going to catch fire. So, instead of forcing bad content or images, you already know what is going to work. And if you don't have any winning content to work with yet, it's very simple to test 10 images at one time to find a winner very quickly. And once the page starts growing a little bit with an ad, that growth compounds very quickly organically. So, 100,000 of my followers came from paid ads, and 272,000 of them came organically, right? So, that is the power of using ads to catch a little bit of momentum, allowing the organic reach to really take over. So, with the ads, Facebook is going to allow you to gain trust with them, and then they are going to massively help you with a big push from there. Now, let's talk money. Facebook content monetization payouts is one of the main reasons that I'm really heavily focusing on Facebook right now, and that is because once I got monetized, my second month on Facebook monetization, I earned $1,600, and from there I started reinvesting half of what I was earning into ads. And so, my third month, I made $3,000 that month. And so, from there I started spending $50 on my Facebook ads to grow my page rapidly, right? I was making $100 in content monetization, so I started spending 50 of that. And that is how my page grew so rapidly. So, that was $1,500 in profit per month just from posting. And then in addition to that, I was able to get other offers in front of my audience and make even more. So, the fact that Facebook was actually paying me to grow my page plus profit is one of the best possible business models out here that you can do. So, now let's dive into the other income streams that I have been doing. So, I have at least 10 affiliate offers that I've been sharing on my page through articles, right? These are basically blog posts or articles doing in-depth reviews of products and then sharing those on my page. And the people on my page have been extremely well receptive to that, especially since I'm sharing my personal experience, my story, and my journey inside of those articles, right? It's not just selling, it's being a real human, a real relatable person with real problems who is solving those problems and inspiring others to do the same. And then in addition to that, once you have that community and people really feel like they're a part of something, they want to purchase things from you, right? From your brand. Like affiliate offers are amazing and I have made a ton of money with that, but people want something from you. So, that is where print on demand came in and I could create products specifically for the community from my brand. So, let's pop over to my computer and I'm going to show you exactly what that looks like. Here is an example Printify pop-up store that I set up. And this is 100% free to get started with and you don't need a credit card or anything. So, I'm going to link this down below so you can get started with Printify and then you can create products to go along with your theme page. So, let's say that you have a cat theme page, you can create very simple cat t-shirts for your audience. And you can model what you create off of your best engaged post. You already know what your audience is liking and then you can simply drop the link to the product that you created related to that post in the comments. Just say, "You guys loved this post so much I had to turn into a t-shirt." And then link to your store. So you can do this with a Printify pop-up store like I'm showing here or you can also add the products to Etsy. And I use Printify for this. I've been using Printify since 2018. I've sold thousands of products from Printify with my own brand and they have so many different products that you can actually choose from. Again, it's free to start so there's no reason not to sign up for this. I'm having it linked down below and I also have a free getting started guide and I link to it all of my videos to help you set up your store in detail. So if you want my free guide, just comment below guide and I will link you to that to help you get start. And then you can explore their catalog and decide what products that you actually want to do. But I personally recommend and have had success with t-shirts, sweatshirts, mugs, candles. These have all been excellent sellers for me. And if you do set up on Etsy, you can also tap into the buyer in the Etsy marketplace. And then you can 10X that with the community on your fan page. So this is a solid proven business model that works almost every time if you put in the work, right? If you put in the work, if you follow the strategy, it can work for you, too. So again, just comment below guide, I'll send you my free getting started guide and you'll have access to all the tools that you need to get this up and running and to a 10X profit and to start creating true financial freedom with a solid foundation, with an actual business, not just a social media page. Now I also want to be honest about what this really takes because people hear those numbers like 370,000 followers in 1 year, $3,000 a month just posting. But this is not magic. People see the results, but they don't see the work and consistency behind that. There were days that I posted and barely got traction, days where content flopped. But creators who win are always the ones that just keep going despite the initial stages of frustration, and they just keep testing. If you have a solid formula like the one I'm sharing today, you can be confident that if you put in the work and follow the formula and stay consistent that it can and will work. But the key is you have to do all of those things. Because the viral creator that you see today, they have too failed in the beginning. But they stayed in the game long enough to see the patterns and scale from there. So if I was starting over today, I would lean very heavily on Post Planner to get my page going, to really research and hone in on what is working in my niche. I would make sure that I never miss a day of posting, and I would start building multiple income streams on the page right away, straight out of the gate to get your audience warmed up to the idea of having products shared with them. But like I said, in a storytelling way, not a sales way, in a human way, as a friend recommending something to a friend. And just know and understand that attention is the number one valuable asset online right now. And Facebook is by far one of the biggest opportunities right now. If you want to learn more about how I grow and monetize theme pages on Facebook and build multiple income streams from those theme pages, make sure that you are subscribed, not for me, but for you, so that you have all the information that you need to succeed. And then be sure to check out all of my resources down below, including my full program where I show you starting a page from scratch all the way to scaling it up with ads, and how to make sure that you get your costs down on those ads to make it extremely worth it. And we also have a live coaching community where I answer questions every single day in a private Facebook group, and also go live twice per month showing you what's working right now and the workflow that I follow. So, if this video helped you, be sure to give it a like, drop me a comment down below, ask any questions that you would like. I'm happy to answer those for you. I'm so looking forward to your success. Make it an amazing day, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAnjiMartin [7 likes]: Any questions about growing and monetizing a facebook page fast?
  2. @farristravels6965 [1 likes]: Sis I kept wondering were I knew your face from.. You and your husband were top dog marketers in the network marketing world. Then yall vanished from it. To be honest it can be a lot.  I have been looking at Facebook monetization as a way make money to support my other marketing efforts. I’m currently working in a theme page as we speak. But I’m building it up for 30-6o days. Before I hit the advertising button . So I’ll have enough content on it. So it won’t look like an empty page. I’m doing reals and static posts. And I’m going get my stores up on the page. The real key is running multiple pages. And retooling the content on non themed pages
  3. @IndusCricinfoUmar [1 likes]: Mam what you say about new update has show many creators that . Congrats you are on the content monetization wait-list?
  4. @Fatman_im [1 likes]: I have got star and subscription within 5 days after completing 5mn views and 5k followers with copyright content.
How many chances are there to get Content monetization tool???

Please reply
  5. @jaymeslyrie710: Guide. Thx
  6. @akw-u4d: yeah sadly this isnt that easy its a random, i have 1.2mln follower page that i grew in 2 months with bug that monetization isnt even available, and i have second page that has content monetization but only 2k followers and earn like 0.5usd a day... reels got 100k views and earn 1usd max, photos get 200-300 views...
  7. @harmandeep03105: Bonus certeria not completing
  8. @sanjays8391: Guide
  9. @Panda-2020: But you have only 8,300 followers first you need to grow your account
  10. @lightgriffin4800: GUIDE. Thank you!
  11. @Dasaaessafraoui: Thank you so much Anji Amazing information face-purple-wide-eyesglasses-purple-yellow-diamondglasses-purple-yellow-diamondstayhome
  12. @jaycodeMusic-h1l: Small Chanel let's gather here
  13. @ArsenalPresser: Guide
  14. @MosterBhai-f3f: Thanks For Hindi
  15. @carbunkle311: guide
  16. @hassanashiqreaction7: Please reply me mam I'm your big fan from Pakistan
  17. @cocomelon24646: Hi do you need a video editor.l can help you . please hire me .
  18. @Dhoni_KaDiwana07: ❤❤
  19. @zakeer_bt: I have a page with 16K followers, and my core audience is based in the US. I organically met the waitlist criteria over a month ago, but I still haven’t been accepted. It still says I’m on the waitlist. I continue uploading videos daily and still get a decent amount of reach and engagement.
  20. @CrazyDriving01: My page monitized 8 days ago but I earn 0.50  in 1 day I am from India please suggest me how to increase earning please pick my question thanks and my audience African and Indian

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- New Channels: Do THIS and the YouTube Algorithm Will LOVE You!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm not going to lie to you. If it feels like the YouTube algorithm is ignoring your small channel, you might actually be right. Now, that's not to say that it's the algorithm's fault. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works, how to fix a problem, and a secret weapon that will supercharge your channel. And it all starts with a one minute explainer. That's right. I'm going to show you how the algorithm works in 60 seconds, and you can follow along with me. Open up an incognito desktop browser and go to youtube.com. accept the cookies and you'll see this very simple message. Try searching to get started. Start watching videos to help us, that's YouTube, build a feed of videos that you'll love. What the algorithm is basically saying to the viewer here is I ain't taking any responsibility for the recommendations I give you until you watch something. I need data. So, let's say as a viewer, we are a tech enthusiast and right now we're interested in the iPhone 17 in particular. All right, then let's watch this video. I thought this would be the most obvious year ever to go for the >> and now that I'm watching this video, let's see what else is recommended to me. Yeah, that seems relevant. I'll watch that and then I'll watch this and this and that. To give this a fair shot, you probably want to watch between five and 10 videos on the same topic and then go back to the homepage. And what do we find here? A lot more videos on the exact or very similar topics. That in a nutshell is how the YouTube algorithm works. I as a viewer decide what recommendations I am going to see. >> The main job of the algorithm is to serve the user when they show up. A lot of creators think about things from the creator perspective. Oh well, I make a video and then YouTube pushes it out to a bunch of people. For the most part, recommendations and search don't get pushed out. They get kind of pulled from viewers. >> That's Todd, by the way. He's been working for YouTube on the algorithm for more than a decade. So, if you're going to listen to anybody, it should be him. Of course, new videos should be something YouTube is interested in. But what it gets far more excited about are new and returning viewers visiting the platform. Its primary goal is to serve their needs. And it does it through 20 years of data gathered from billions of users watching, I don't know, a bazillion videos. It's why some of you never get recommended Mr. beast videos even though he has 450 million subscribers, but will recommend you videos on that very niche topic from that tiny channel you love to watch. So now you know how the algorithm works. How do you fix it? You don't forget about the algorithm. Focus on the audience. You can use this simple incognito viewing session whenever you want to get an understanding of what your audience is watching. But that is just the beginning because we can turn this mini hack into a permanent resource. All you need to do is create a brand new YouTube account that can be connected to the same Gmail account as your main YouTube channel. Now, this account won't be your new channel, but it will be your perfect viewer. Just like we did before with the incognito session, we're going to search for topics that we're interested in as a viewer of our main channel and watch them, lots of them, and only videos on that topic. What this will do is create a pure unpoluted watch history. It tells YouTube, I'm a viewer only interested in this topic, so give me more videos about it. And then usually 24 hours later when you go back to the homepage of that YouTube account, it will be dominated by that topic. It tells you as a creator what channels people are watching, what topics they're interested in, and what packaging works for this niche. Now, in the YouTube studio, there is a feature that shows you similar channels to you and similar videos, but it's a very limited number of channels and videos, and it's often not available to small channels and never is. With this technique, you basically have an infinite set of results that you can update in real time. So, let's just quickly recap what we've done there. Create a brand new YouTube account. Watch at least 10 videos on the topic that your YouTube channel is about and only videos on that topic. leave that account for 24 hours and then check back in. This is the most reliable, consistent, and transparent way of demonstrating what videos your target audience is pulling towards them from the YouTube algorithm. But wait, there's more. I never said that was the secret weapon. This is with a Vid IQ browser extension installed, you'll see this filters button on YouTube. And what this allows you to do is fine-tune the results you see on screen. So, in this example, let's say we are a small channel based on dog training, and we want to see what's working for channels under 25,000 subscribers. That's exactly what the filters tool is designed to do. And look at this. A channel with 5,000 subscribers with a monster video about cutting dog nails. Maybe that's a topic I should explore further. >> Are you scared of cutting a dog's nails too short? Do you want to know how to cut them perfectly every time? My name is AJ and in this video I'm going to show you all the techniques, tips, and tricks as well as my secret technique to cut any dog's nails like a professional. >> Yeah, classic tutorial intro there with a nice little hook to keep people watching for that secret technique. Kind of what I did in this video that you're still watching. And since we are now on the watch page, we have a new set of video recommendations which are now hyperfocused on a particular topic, which is where we can take advantage of the filters tool again to find even more video ideas, video packaging, and outliers that work for small channels. There is a free version of the filters tool if you want to check it out. But if you want to unlock the full potential of the tool along with everything else here at VidIQ, from a script writing tool to a thumbnail generator, then I have an exclusive bonus just for you for getting this far into the video. Check out the description for more details. Look, we can try and tell you how the YouTube algorithm works a hundred different ways, but if you can show yourself by simply acting as a viewer, you will have the best research tool you could ever ask for, meaning you should get a load more of these in the future. And as for that filters tool, well, you just got a sneak peek at how powerful it is. This is how you unlock its full potential.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Therapytnt [1 likes]: Thank you
  2. @join-n-shine2: Great Success on YouTube is very difficult because for most of the creators it is not possible to be so Creative, Perfect and Hardworking like Rob Wilson.
  3. @jaforiqbal-ry6opwife: সুন্দর ❤❤❤
  4. @HazeNyxPH: Is it true that YouTube analyze your channel if it is a Yt Shorts channel or a long form channel? Because I don't wanna make a new YouTube channel, I have 84 vids, 48 is the yt shorts
  5. @MarciLLyTV: The click-through rate point is where most new channels get stuck. They optimize for production quality when the algorithm is really optimizing for curiosity. A well-researched thumbnail and title combination that answers a specific question someone is already asking will outperform polished content with generic packaging every time. The discovery gap is almost always in the packaging, not the content.
  6. @2be_human: The problem is that YouTube algorithm just doesn't show my videos to anybody, I have like 15 impressions on my latest video. Although my account is verified, all settings are correct, I use tags and etc.
  7. @thebunchchannel: Free filter. Where?
  8. @Kemono9846: New channel here, Let's go!
  9. @Oleese: This was so insightful damnnn
  10. @pregnancyandbirth: Very well explained.
  11. @RealPrime_EditzX: why my videos not getting views?? I have another channel which get consistent 200k -1m and I know how algo works but this just getting like 5 views and stopping even tho it has 150% avg viewed? and its not even pushing to 100 to test
  12. @Ms.cyphrxx: 2:11 MAHH BOYSSS
  13. @S4xXhil001: Thanks, it was so useful ❤
  14. @ImRunningOnJava: This video is really engaging and keeps you interested till the end 👍
  15. @GaboSClipz: youtube algorithm can be really hard. Im stuck in a 0 view jail
  16. @spdbggy9675: YouTube algorythm does't idntify with me
  17. @TheGlibber: wowie
  18. @Aditidesai212: This is so encouraging for anyone starting out, the tip about using natural window light is a total game changer
  19. @FrankWhite-k8i: Youtube is pushing all my content to the 65 and up crowd. Any videos that can help fix algorithms?
  20. @SandWithArt: good

- YouTube Insider Exposes How The Algorithm ACTUALLY Works: Kind: captions Language: en the YouTube Insider just revealed three ways the algorithm actually works and what I found interesting is how it act like switches inside of a platform that when triggered will push your content to thousands of new viewers and subscribers you see my guess is you spend hours crafting every single video that you post on YouTube you pour your heart and your soul into the ideas you pick the scripts you write the videos you film the content you edit y every single time you hit publish you're disappointed with a result but why why are your videos failing when you feel you're doing everything the so-called experts tell you well what if I told you it's got nothing to do with you as a Creator the niche that you've picked or the amount of effort you put into your videos and instead the real problem is a simple lack of understanding of how the YouTube algorithm Works what the hell are you talking about well in this video I'm going to try and convince you of that I'm going to share with you three insights this YouTube Insider revealed that going to the Deep mechanics of how the YouTube algorithm works and once you're aware of these insights you'll be able to create content that reaches out to brand new audiences and build a community around your channel so who is this YouTube Insider well his name is Todd and he's responsible for the homepage and recommendation systems at YouTube and he's been working on them for over a decade now so if anyone knows how the YouTube algorithm works it's Todd we as a Creator Community appreciate Todd because he's willing to put himself out there on video and post on social media to talk about how how YouTube works and it's these latest round of tweets for xers or twixes that caught our attention and it starts with this the algorithm is triggered by high satisfaction content now it makes sense the algorithm pushes content that clearly satisfies viewers however most creators think that this is only determined by metrics so we're talking about watch time retention likes shares comments but this is where Todd revealed an important factor that many creators basically Miss at the YouTube level a user coming back more often and watching content they report as valued is a strong sign we are improving satisfaction what I think Todd is hinting at here is that the algorithm highly values returning viewers which naturally means that you should be optimizing your videos so that viewers come back and watch more of your content in the future which leaves us with a big question how do we optimize content so that we create return viewers well let's take a look at what Todd said the audience tab in analytics provides ins ites into videos that attracted new viewers to your channel who came back to watch on another day I think this is a good signal for satisfaction along with likes subscribers shares and some comments the audience tab is like a window into your audience's mind where you can see what videos are causing people to return to your content so break down your top videos that created the most returned viewers in your analytics Tab and ask yourself are there any patterns you notice between these videos and if fact isn't enough to convince you to stop making random videos on random topics for a random audience then you'll just end up like this the second Insight Todd revealed was this if you want the algorithm to push your videos you need to create a community feedback Council which I'll come back to in a minute the reason this is so powerful is that it gives you a potent set of ideas that resonate greatly with your audience which means that they're always going to be coming back to watch more of your content I haven't shared the story before but when the world was coming out of the covid lockdown and more people were touching grass the vid IQ YouTube channel was really struggling views were way down there were as many people subscribing and it was a really big headache to try and figure out I mean here we are trying to guide creators to grow their channels and our channel was shrinking so what did we do we turned to our community for feedback we used the community tab we ran polls we asked questions we doubled up our live stream offering from not just Channel audits but also video Audits and a constant Fe team kept coming back to us the majority of our audience were small Channels with four pain points views subscribers monetization and how to understand the YouTube algorithm so we made a very strategic decision no longer would we make content to try and rank number one for a particular search T instead we packaged our content that tapped into the emotional desires stresses struggles goals and fears of views monetization subscribers The algorithm them in essence we switched from a search traffic channel to a browse and suggested traffic channel and you should know by now that 70% of all YouTube views come from recommendations not search all of which meant we started growing again and we were helping more creators and we bugged ourselves one of these oh I can see you've subscribed thank you very much we're Hing to hit 2 million subscribers by the end of this year the tldr of his story is listen to your audience because they matter most and the audience equals the algorithm but Todd's insights take this powerful strategy one step further I personally Foster a diverse community of fans and critics viewers and other creators to give me honest feedback about what was most and least valued in my videos comments are one tool but you have to be careful about selection bias especially in top comments basically what Todd is saying is that you should create a tight-knit feedback community and this is because contrary to what many people believe the algorithm doesn't push videos that YouTube wants people to watch it pushes videos based on what videos viewers are already enjoying another Point Todd emphasizes is that the aggregate results of what succeeds on YouTube is more a reflection of what emerges from the experiences of many individual viewers versus any coordinated strategy by YouTube to centrally steer content across viewers on mass so R van YouTube Engineers typing in a bit of code and changing everything determining the fate of your videos it is the get millions of inputs from every single viewer on the YouTube platform that are influencing whether or not your content gets discovered so by having this community feedback Council you're much more likely to make content that your audience really enjoys and this will naturally an organically lead to the algorithm promoting your video more to find new audiences but how do you create this community feedback Council well you can offer your fans and critics something for free for regular feedback on your videos you can Empower your audience by giving them moderation privileges during live streams that can help represent the viewer opinion of your content and steer it in the right direction you can set up an exclusive Forum or Discord where highly valued members of the community are invited to share their thoughts or you could try setting up a mastermind group of likeminded creators who come together maybe once a week and offer ideas and constructive feedback on each of his videos or if you're not quite ready for any of these steps yet just start posting stuff on that Community tab it is so so powerful the last Insight Todd revealed is that the algorithm won't know what to do with your videos if they're not in the goldilock zone to explain what I mean we're going to divide videos up into three content zones the first is content that's hyper Niche super specific very targeted towards a very particular audience the second content zone is completely opposite it's trying to appeal to the broadest audience possible and the third content zone is a balance of the two so if your goal is to grow as fast as possible and maximize those return viewers what's the best Zone to be well this is what Todd had to say try your best to align with what resonates with the audience like with any brand going too broad dilutes connection too narrow may not achieve enough scale to be viable you have to find a balance where there is room in your target market the examples I've just shown you are from content zones one and two which typically will stifle growth a typical video from Ali adal will expect to get hundreds of thousands of views and neither of these two came close this is because typically the algorithm will first test your video with a subset of your audience if the content is too Niche it may not resonate enough with those viewers if it's too broad it may not create a strong enough connection with those viewers to keep them watching but when you find that goldilock zone where the balance is perfectly weighted between both the results can be amazing for example this video is on a topic that alli's core audience is proven to have a high interest in but it's also appealing to a much wider audience that may have interest in this topic but aren't currently following Ali so how do you find this perfectly weighted Goldilocks zone well first of all let's make sure that your video topics aren't too Niche the more specific a video is the smaller the target audience so ask yourself this question what are the common goals dreams and desires of my target audience and what are their biggest pain points problems obstacles start there but make sure that you don't go too broad it has to be relatable to the audience that you specifically want to speak to it's not enough to just make videos about losing weight and making money everybody wants to do that to make topics like this more relatable you have to ask why and how your specific audience is going to achieve those goals and continue to test ideas and when you find one that works use that as your yard stick to work off of for all future videos by simply adjusting your content ideas you can double even triple your view counts not by putting in any extra effort but just more thought and in this video we've revealed how the definitive expert on YouTube algorithm recommends you do this but if you want a detailed explanation on how to come up with viral ideas that really heat up the algorithm in your favor and I suggest you watch this video next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeeshoBerkmans [1 likes]: For me they lot probably still have learning as YouTuber
  2. @BoxOfColors-s6t [1 likes]: I guessing this video is only for talking head youtubers?
  3. @Mario-zo1uj [1 likes]: so you re telling me i can have 4 plaqes and all i hae to is ork for youtbe?
  4. @RaulMAnderson101-pr6cj: Algorithms are super stupid to me for this one fact.
They can't distinguish when you're searching out of research vs what regular videos you don't mind seeing in your feed when casually browsing.
Many people get on YT to research topics.
So just because I type in 'cats in Africa', doesn't mean going forward that's all I'm interested in.
I mean I may type in cats, then old airplanes, then spicy foods, that doesn't mean I'm particularly interested in any of those once I found video to answer a question of mine.
But brain dead algorithm to stupid to realize that and whatever your last search was, if figures that's all you're interested in seeing for the rest of your natural life.

YT would improve 100% if they'd simply go back to a no algorithm system, like it was before google bought them, and back when everyone got fair share of views organically and based on searches, not algorithm.
  5. @RGCMinistries: I started my channel 3 days ago I have 9 Subs and 2.3 K views total. Most shorts videos get 400+ views but my longer videos are under 20 views. What can I do yo get the longer videos to get attention and not just my shorts? Thank you!
  6. @ishowpeedClipper: Algorithm please just one video get viral
  7. @Randomstuff_YT333: "All people were touching grass." How wise 🦉
  8. @lordofthelair6716: Its simple you haven't been chosen.
  9. @khanhkhanh-f4j: Great video, thanks!!!
  10. @InfinityHell666: As a Viewer: How many More Times Am I Going to see the Same Stupid Idiotic Videos in My YouTube Feed THAT I DON'T WATCH!!!??? And even if I DID Watch them, They'd be out of my Watch History Before YouTube could Update... The Algorithm is just Bullshit, Plain and Simple... (>ლ)

As a YouTuber: My Definition for Unpopularity is Much more Simple; Take it from me, It's not That People are Better Then You, They Just Don't Care about you... Once again Using My channel as an Example, I know what This internet(And thus The World) Wants, And I've got None of it to Offer.
  11. @samgettets5856: Ohhh. AL Gore rhythm
  12. @trickster19999: YouTube algorithm uses your search history, not just in YouTube but all of your web history. IF you have any website you FREQUENT, save them to the side before you delete all your web history.
  13. @VVV-VeerVichaarViraasat: Interesting and helpful ❤❤
  14. @redempresstcg: Well i have a long way to go, i got 8 views yesterday on my video 🤡  . But the struggle is English part to talk, but i need to keep learning on my mistake to get to my goal.
  15. @TalkingCaramel: Sub do sub
  16. @TaffDerekBaker: ** Todd
  17. @Eyolem-m3c: Thanks
  18. @austinroque: My travel channel is growing, I'm about 16 months in at 14k subs, . I can't really understand what makes one video perform other others. I've had hundreds of thousands of views, only thousands and everything in between. I keep moving and I've given up trying to understand the variable that accounts for this because I can't isolate anything.
  19. @paveltrips: Any travel content creators here?
  20. @Dee-Jayy19: I like how Algorithms are slowly becoming literally fkn Skynet.

- How Social Media Algorithms Actually Work (And How to Beat Them): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about the social media algorithm. If you want to get more views with less effort, it's critical you understand how the algorithms actually work. And once you learn this, I guarantee you will never look at content the same way again. In this video, I'm going to break down how social algorithms work, why they pick certain videos to push over others, and the specific things you can do to make them prioritize your content. Now, this information is based on a ton of outlier data and comments made by the Instagram CEO himself. So, this is the latest and greatest for what's actually working right now. If you just follow this, your content will perform way better. By the way, if you don't know me, my name is Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, first, let's just start with how the algorithms actually work. And this is actually super helpful to understand. Once you hear it, it'll make a lot of sense. Social media companies only have one goal, to keep people on the platform as long as possible. When people stay longer, they watch more ads, and the companies make more money. It's as simple as that. Now, to keep you on the platform longer, they do their best to serve you the content they think you'll enjoy the most. And that means the algorithm is just one giant match maker. It's matching people with content. If it does a good job with this matching, you're going to keep watching and stay. But if it starts doing a bad job and it shows you stuff you don't want to watch, well, then you're going to leave. It sounds simple, but this is how social algorithms work in a nutshell. Now, here's why this matters for you. If you want to hijack the algorithm and make it push your video more, all you have to do is help it make better matches with your content. [music] So, in this video, I'm going to explain exactly how to do that. And this really is the highest leverage algo hack you could ever learn. Okay, now here's how this matchmaking process actually works under the hood, so we can understand exactly what to do to manipulate it. When you post a video on social media, the very first thing the platform does is analyze what that video is about. I call this a digital fingerprint. Now, this analysis is multimodal, so it's watching your video with computer vision to understand what's going on visually. It's listening to your video with audio fingerprinting to get a better understanding of the transcript and what's actually being said, and it's also reading all the metadata, the caption, the hashtag, the creator, the location, anything else it can find. It then combines all that information together in real time to build a single contextual understanding of the video. This is called a topic mapping. Now, based on that topic mapping, the algorithm builds a fit score, which is its prediction for who it thinks will best like this video. So, at this point, you've posted it, it's analyzed it, but it hasn't been shown to anyone yet. So, we're ready to start showing the video to people. But, this is where things get interesting because obviously the algorithm doesn't just blast your video off to millions of people right off the bat, or you'd have millions of views. This is what actually goes on under the hood. The algorithm uses its fit score to pick roughly 200 people to show the video to first. This is called the initial sample test group. If it could rank all 100 million people that are on the app at one time, this is the group of 200 people it thinks will like the video the most. Now, very important, of these 200 people, most of them are non-followers because the algorithm wants to test how well strangers react to your video. It knows followers should like it cuz they already follow you, but if strangers like it, too, well, then that means this is a really good video. This is why when people say followers don't matter anymore, they're kind of right. They don't matter in the sampling process because most of those 200 people are non-followers. They're strangers to you. Now, based on the metrics from this initial sample group of 200 people, the algorithm is going to get positive, neutral, or negative data back. Essentially, of those 200, how many of them liked and watched the video? What was the set of data? If the data is positive, that means the algorithm's guess of the fit score was accurate. And so, it knows exactly what type of person to push the video to further. The next time it pushes, let's say it's 2,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 20,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 200,000 people. And it just keeps going until the data starts coming back weaker. Now, if the original data was neutral, kind of good, kind of bad, the algorithm will redo its fit score and push the video again. But this time, only to maybe another group of 200. It doesn't go crazy to 20,000. It just resamples. If the data is negative right off the bat with those 200, well then the algo's going to tighten up and stop pushing almost immediately. And again, it slows down that push because it doesn't want to risk alienating people and pushing them off the platform because they see a bad video. So, if you're in the 200 view jail, or you post a video and it flops, what this really means is that the algorithm got bad data back from that initial sample group of 200. Now, one more thing before we move on this. The reason why even million view banger videos eventually slow down is because even those run out of people that want to watch it. The data gets bigger, bigger, bigger, and then eventually it starts to fade off. So, in a nutshell, this is how social algorithms actually work under the hood. This is what happens when you go to post a video. You post it, it does the topic mapping, it samples with a group of roughly 200 people, and then it either boosts, retries, or stops immediately based on how the sample data comes back. So, what does all this actually mean for you tactically? Knowing this is happening under the hood, how can you best adjust your content strategy to take advantage and get the algorithm to push you more? That's what we're going to go through right now. If you want to hijack the algorithm to get more views, you only need to do two things. Number one is to help the algorithm build a better fit score, so that it finds the best possible sample group of 200 people to go to first. And then number two is to make sure that sample group actually likes and engages with your video. Because if the sample group is the right fit, and they actually like your video, well then you're going to be in great shape because the algo will get amazing data back and just [music] keep boosting you to more and more people. So, what I'm going to do now is break down the tactics for how to trigger both of those things. Helping find the right sample group, and then helping make sure that sample group engages well. This is essentially the systematic process for activating the algorithm and getting it to work for you. Now, if you like how I'm breaking this down kind of from like a scientific and psychology perspective, I actually just published a free guide doing the same thing for my entire content system. It's from ideas to hooks all the way to monetization. Science-based and data-backed. This is the exact content system I ran last year to generate hundreds of millions of views and millions in profit from content. It's also the same thing I install with business owners when I work with them one-on-one. Completely free, my gift to you. You can get it below or at the link shortformsytem.co. All right, let's talk sample groups. What can you do to help the algorithm build a better fit score and find a stronger sample group for your video? Here's the answer, very simple. All you have to do is consistently make videos about the same topic for the same audience avatar over and over and over. You want to become intentionally precise and narrow with the topics you pick and how you position. Here's why. After a few similar videos in a row, the algorithm will start to understand that your channel talks about X topic for Y avatar profile. It will then have built sample groups for all those previous videos and have a very clear understanding of who to go back to from an avatar perspective. The more this avatar group is the same over time, the more confident the algorithm can be when it dials this in. Now, this process of consistently making videos about the same few topics for the same avatar is called audience matching. And if there's one content principle I swear by, it's this. When you make videos for lots of different topics for several different avatars, the sample data comes back mixed and the algorithm gets confused. When it's confused, it pushes your video less because it doesn't want to risk bad fits to bad viewers. For example, imagine you made three videos. One on tech, then the next one on health trends, and then the next one on politics. The algorithm would have no idea what your fourth video is going to be about. And because of this, it doesn't know which of your previous three videos it should model its fit score after. So, let's say your fourth video also ends up being about health trends. Chances are the algorithm's going to build a blended fit score across those first three videos. A little bit of people from tech, a little bit of people from health trends, and a little bit of people from politics. Not literally those people, but influence from who liked those videos. And when it does this, the fit score targeting for your fourth video is going to be a mix of all three. And so, when it pushes it, of course, the sample data for the health trends video that also has tech and politics type viewers is going to come back weak. This will result almost certainly in your video flopping. What this means in simple terms is that if you want to help the algorithm find the right sample group and build a better fit score, you got to keep your topics and audience selection narrow consistently. And this means sometimes saying no to ideas that seem viral, but would resonate with the wrong audience. Even one viral hit to an audience outside of your core demo will result in the next several videos having poor sample data because it confuses the algorithm. This discipline in topic and audience selection is very important, and typically beginners that are starting out are spraying and praying all over the place, and they don't have this. Okay, so that's one side of the equation. Very simply, just narrow your topic and audience, and your sample fit will go up. Now, on the other side of the equation, the two-part piece was making sure once you have that sample that it actually engages well with your video. And that means they watch it, they like it, they save it, they share it, they comment, they repost, all the engagement metrics, as many as we can possibly get. >> [music] >> So, what can we do on this side to make sure that initial sample data from these people comes back strong? Well, when the algorithm's gauging if it's strong or not, it's really only looking at three core metrics. The first one is average watch time. How long did someone watch in a number of seconds per video? And also, by proxy, percent completion. What percent of the video was completed on average? The second metric is engagement rate. So, this is likes plus comments plus shares divided by views. And the third, which is really important and nobody can access, is called watch time session share. In a session for a viewer, if they're on there for 60 minutes, how many of those 60 were spent watching your videos? That percentage is watch time session share. You can't access this anywhere, but it's a critical metric that social algorithms use to know how influential your content is. >> So, the million-dollar question for you is how can you improve these metrics? What can you do in your video to make sure those metrics go up so the sample data comes back clean, so that it just pushes your video to more people? Well, a short, cheeky answer is if you want the metrics to go up, you just make better videos with better ideas, stronger hooks, better storytelling, and more interesting visuals, obviously. But, that's not helpful at all. So, is there anything tactical you can do at a studs level to increase the effectiveness of those videos? And if you watch this channel a lot, you already know, of course there is. There's only four things you need to do to make your video better so that that engagement rate goes off the charts. >> Number one is that the topic needs to be relevant for the ideal viewer. This is obvious and it goes with the first piece I said. What you cover has to actually solve a problem that they have. If that's the case, engagement will go up. Number two, the information you share needs to be both non-obvious and tactically implementable. Is it new stuff they haven't heard before, and can they actually use it to solve that problem? If those things are true, the engagement rate will go up. Number three, the viewer has to actually have a high absorption of the information you say. It could be on target and non-obvious, but if they can't actually understand what you're saying, then they can't apply it. So, if they could apply it, the engagement rate will go up. And then number four, there needs to be a short distance to implement your recommendations. Tactically implementable means they can take a little bit of action and get a big result based on your promise. Now, you won't typically hear people frame it in this way, but if your content has those four attributes, I guarantee you're going to have higher engagement. If you have higher engagement, the data comes back more positive, they push it to more of the people, those people are people you want, and the flywheel spins. What this really means, those four things in layman's terms, you got to cover a core pain point or problem they have. You got to have something useful or interesting to say. You got to say it in a way they can actually understand, and they have to be able to take what you say and apply it on their own. Those are the four horsemen to driving good video performance. If you do this, you're set, and that's really all you need to hijack the algorithm to push you more. Pick an avatar, stick to it, narrow your topic selection, and then drive those four things home. When you do this, the sample group will stay dialed, and they'll all engage with the video at a high rate. Incidentally, these four factors are also how you turn viewers into buyers. If you want people to buy, those four components also make sense to include in the video. They're kind of like the core DNA if you're trying to build a money machine with content. Now, I'll say this, the easiest way to make sure you're picking the right topics that actually work for your avatar group is to just study the videos that are already working in your niche. It shocks me how few people actually do this, but in sandcastles.ai, you can build a group of competitor channels that are already crushing, and just filter by outlier score to see all the best performing videos. There's now this feature where if you save the video to library, you can see all the attributes. I'm talking transcript, topic, the exact hook, the exact storytelling mechanics, everything about the video that drove the curiosity. You can then take that, remix it. Everything you need is right in there. So, all you need to do if you're confused on which topics to pick for your avatar group, just go in sandcastles and use this resource. It shocks me how few people are using data to make their topic decision. This basically guarantees that you're serving the right stuff to your audience. Now, before I end this video, I just want to include one more bonus topic around the algorithm. Because I know my explanation is a little bit theoretical, hopefully it made sense, hopefully it helped you, you have action items to work on. But, I just want to include one more thing at a tactical level that you can take away and really hammer value from this video. Another way to drive algorithmic push is to increase the number of comments on your video. Most people know this. There are five things you can do tactically to increase the number of comments you're getting. Number one is to take a hard stance on your topic. People typically comment when they violently agree or disagree, mostly disagree, with whatever your stance is or perspective. If you play the middle and hedge, you're going to get fewer comments. So, I recommend you pick a side, pro or con, and that will drive comments. [music] Number two is to pick the side that is the contrarian side. Like I said, people love to comment when they disagree, when they think you're wrong. If you pick the contrarian side, that means you think the majority of people are wrong, which means they'll think you're wrong. The majority of people will want to comment because they disagree with you. If you create more enemies, you drive more comments. Tip number three is to amplify the stance you take by ratcheting up the way you frame your points. If you said something like, "This is the best way to cook pasta." versus "This pasta is better than all the mom and pop pasta shops in the world." Which one is going to drive a more violent discussion in the comments? The more extreme version, of course, always is. So, that's how you ratchet up your stance. Tip number four is to build your topics around cult-loved brands, people, ideas, and movements. The more you talk about things people already have made up their opinion on, the faster they're willing to jump into the comments, especially if they disagree. For example, if you take a stance on Nike versus just the category of shoes, more people will have already made up their opinion whether they like or dislike Nike, and it will trigger them to comment. Tip number five is to position your take or stance to drive significant emotion. The more people feel something when they watch your video, the more they're going to feel compelled to want to comment. Now, those five things around comment, that was just a little extra sprinkle to give you more tactics on how to drive activation and engagement to make the algorithm push you. All of those feed back to picking the right topic for the right group. So, it's kind of like a sub point on what I just went through. Hopefully that's helpful and you can put that to use. All right, guys, that's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered a lot of ground. We really broke down the ins and outs of how social algorithms work and how you theoretically and fundamentally can hijack them to push your videos more. I tried my best to kind of demystify this black box and give you tactics that you can use to your advantage. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to give you perspectives that most people don't cover in a tactical bite-size way that you can actually put to work. What you typically see about the algorithm is talking about settings, hacks, or these little caption tweaks. None of that stuff actually works. If you think that actually works, you need to watch this video again. Posting time does not matter. Hashtags in your captions don't matter. The captions themselves don't matter. The only thing that matters is making great videos for a specific avatar group across a narrow band of topics over and over and over. That's the only thing that matters. That is the cake. Everything else is the icing. Focus on the cake. As a reminder, if you want access to my full content system, this is the exact blueprint I use with my own team. How I find ideas, how I write hooks, how I validate these things, how I do research, my entire funnel to turn viewers into dollars, literally everything. I've got it linked below for free, my gift to you, shortformsytem.co. And if you have any other topics around social media growth, around content and content systems that you want me to cover or that you feel blocked on, just drop them in the comments. We use the comments to inform the database of videos that we make next. So, anything you guys are stuck on, please put in the comments. It will help greatly to inform what we should make. All right, guys, that's all we've got. We will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @viveen360 [1 likes]: Toda esta teoría se va al caño, cuando el mismo video lo publica otra persona y ahí si se viraliza.
  2. @MadikoMani [1 likes]: To All small creator's like me.. Good luck 🤞
  3. @simplpoints [1 likes]: If a video is pushed out by default to a sample of 200, why do videos than not get by default a view count of 200?
  4. @AetherFramesOfficial [1 likes]: Finally! A worthy vedio🫠🤝🏻✨
  5. @funnyannesunny [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:It's a difficult world even though I heard it well 감사합니다
  6. @gantavyaghagat [1 likes]: The spelling of matchmaking is wrong at 1:41
  7. @Living-Wildly-Well [1 likes]: My issue with this advice is that I have followed creators that do this and quickly get bored with their content because it is so similar to itself and end up unfollowing.
  8. @Loopora3DCG: US audience support me ❤️
  9. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp
  10. @XSonify_yt: https://youtu.be/xYrKwUXdQLU?si=HuJAi0N9s60e5W8m
  11. @NebenbeiPassivPOD: great video !!!
Thank you for that !
  12. @THE_35_CUB: Best algo video so far
  13. @nijfilms: Thanks
  14. @1EnigmaTV: I’m in school all over again ✍🏾
  15. @Matchday38-v6t: This was so helpful
  16. @creeepyface: thanks will consider this info ❤
  17. @ThisOrThatTheoryy: Just started my own channel - good luck everyone!
  18. @ayoutubechannelthatfailed: Do these guys really listen to themselves?
  19. @DailyFixmemes: Anyone who likes memes can follow me❤
  20. @jona.laurel: Should I niche down?

- The Entire Shorts Algorithm Explained in 180 Seconds…: Kind: captions Language: en When you make a new channel, the first thing that happens is YouTube reviews your account to verify you're not a bot. If YouTube thinks you're a real person who posts good content, then they'll push your videos out to a seed audience of around 30,000 people to start building channel data. If your channel isn't trustworthy, your shorts won't be pushed out to anyone. This is called zero view jail. To avoid this, you need to use an aged channel, an older email with a lot of history, but most importantly, enable third level feature eligibility. This is normally the make or break for getting view jail because it instantly [music] proves you're a real person. All of this feeds into a hidden metric called trust score. Basically, how much YouTube trusts that when they push out your videos, people will actually watch them and make them money. Low trust means YouTube would rather push out someone else's video instead of wasting viewers on you. Once you start posting, YouTube will be willing to push out your videos to around 30,000 people. People call this the 30k view jail, and the purpose of it is pretty simple. YouTube builds profiles on both the viewers and also the creators. Every short you post will get shown to a different group of 30,000 people, and during this, YouTube is just trying to find the perfect audience for your content. Every graph when you start a channel typically looks the same. A slow start, a spike, and then a flat [music] line. If the video's good enough, then YouTube will show it to a few more people to see if it's worthy of going viral. If your short flatlines in the thousands, it's due to one of these. But if you're in the 10k to low 20k range, it's due to one of these. A lot of people hate on the 30k view jail, but it's actually a really good spot to be in because it means your shorts are good enough to go viral. YouTube just needs more data. Once they know exactly who to show your content to, the next video your seed audience responds well to will get pushed to a much wider audience. Videos that appeal to anyone without needing data are the ones that go viral on brand new channels. That's why a lot of general animation channels blew up instantly. Anyone can enjoy watching these type of shorts, [music] not just the people who are interested in the topic. To determine if your video's good, the algorithm focuses on retention more than any other stat. You need to get this graph as flat as possible, as high as possible, and get the initial dip as small as possible. Perfect retention can save a video even when the other stats are bad, but still, aim to get your VVS A and AVD up to here. Engagement can also save a video with bad stats, but don't be spammy with CTAs. If you ever do it, you can lose a lot of trust with YouTube. Doing CTA like this is actually against their policies. As you post more, your monthly audience slowly grows because your videos are constantly being shown to different seed audiences. Your trust score goes up significantly when you convert new viewers into casual and regular viewers. This happens naturally, but it's one of the biggest signals YouTube looks at when deciding who to push your videos to. So, to go viral as fast as possible, you need to be uploading every single day. After your first viral video, you enter this kind of honeymoon phase. YouTube becomes more and more willing to push out your content to a lot of people cuz you've proven that you can be trusted once before. You might get view [music] jailed again temporarily, but if you keep posting videos as good as your outliers, you'll go viral again and much [music] faster. Once your trust score is high enough, YouTube will stop view jailing you. Every video gets pushed to a wider audience, and from there, it's just a matter of uploads before you hit 10 million views and [music] get monetized. But when you reach this point, to try harder than you ever have. If you get lazy now, then you might have to restart. In this high trust [music] state, posting less or consistently dropping bad videos can get you view jailed more often or only pushed to [music] subscribers. But the most important thing you need is a niche that people actually want to watch. It's hard to go viral when 10 other people are posting the exact same thing as you. And in an over-saturated niche, YouTube prioritizes the most trustworthy channels, making it really hard to grow. So, to help with that, I have a playlist of a bunch of viral niches I find, and I'll be constantly updating it. These are niches I would use myself, so check it out. If you want a free personalized [music] channel review or need help with anything, join the Discord.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dplayzxd [1 likes]: Hey - a bit of a question, i actually tried doing the "delete and re-upload" strat that you talked about, and i wanted to know - how long does is usually take to fix my trust score with youtube after doing something like that, or is it just GG's for my channel 😭😭
  2. @AJ080: what song have you used in the background? sounds so relaxing
  3. @mdfaizann: I have 10 year old channel!!
  4. @Smh_Tyree: idk bro i have recently hit a wall i had a short hit 90k and now my uploads sit at 0. some of this makes sense but none of it does for my situation.
  5. @clintsentertainment: IM NOT A BOT YOUTUBEEE
  6. @MEDSimplified: I have 1.4 Million subscribers and i vouch for what he is saying is absolutely true!!
  7. @wildandgroomed: perfect
  8. @glowmic0: All small creator gather here
  9. @whatfhum: now i have 1M subsribe
  10. @holydiver327: Thanks, now I see how my short of a hamster running on a wheel in slow motion got 10 mil.
  11. @3amRants-s7n: Jesus asking
  12. @SimpleToons22: Yeah
  13. @HaqueSifatShorts: Thanks for the informative video. It's really helpful.
  14. @daroncardozo9951: 30k brother i didn't even get on my 5k views on my shorts
  15. @Animelover_301: You earned a sub❤
  16. @TBangCoach: This is great you earned a new subscriber 🎉
  17. @Infatheline2: 30k? For me it’s 1k
  18. @VoidAmberMC: yo good vid thank you
  19. @DrBrinZal: Do reply sir do I need to post daily or in a week i should do 3 to 4 videos
  20. @SAU_editz69: My vids dont even get 30k views….just around a thousand😭

- Lost 1 Million Subscribers… Here’s How To Got Them Back (and How YOU Can Hit 1 Million Too!): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone welcome back to my channel so I've got 50 subscribers right now shout out to all of you amazing people and today we're talking about something crazy how to go from 1 to 1 million subscribers now I know what you're thinking bro you only have 50 Subs why should I listen to you well I've been studying the strategies of top creators and I'm here to share everything I've learned so far whether you're just starting out like me or trying to level up this video is for you let's get into it first let's talk about the mindset growing this fast isn't just about luck it's about being strategic and consistent I'm still learning this myself but one thing I've realized is that you have to treat your channel like a business for me that means figuring out my Niche understanding my audience and creating content that stands out it's not easy but hey we're in this together okay so content is everything to grow fast your videos need to be sharable and engaging I've been experimenting with different types of content like tutorials reaction videos and trending topics to see what works the key is to create something people can't resist clicking on for example if you're in gaming maybe it's a crazy challenge if you're into Tech maybe it's a review of the latest gadget the goal is to make people say I have to share this with my friends here's something I've been working on lately social media I've been sharing my videos on Instagram Tik Tok and Twitter to drive traffic to my channel it's not easy but I'm learning how to create short catchy clips that grab attention and don't forget to use hashtags and Trends to get more eyes on your content every little bit helps when you're starting out like me now collaborations are something I'm still figuring out I've reached out to a few smaller creators in my Niche to see if they're interested in working together it's all about finding people with a similar audience and creating something that benefits both of us if you're in the same boat as me don't be afraid to reach out worst case they say no right let's talk about the basics SEO and optimization I've been using tools like to budy to find keywords and improve my video titles and descriptions and thumbnails oh man I've spent hours trying to make them look good the goal is to make people stop scrolling and click on your video it's a work in progress but I'm getting better every day consistency is something I'm really focusing on right now I'm trying to upload at least three times a week it's not easy but I know the algorithm loves consistency and hey if I can can do it with my tiny channel so can you now paid promotion is something I haven't tried yet but I've been researching it if you have the budget running YouTube ads or promoting your videos on social media can give you a boost for now I'm focusing on organic growth but it's definitely something I'm considering for the future finally engagement is so important I've been trying to reply to every comment and ask questions in my videos to get people talking building a community is key especially when you're small like me I want my subscribers to feel like they're part of something special and I'm so grateful for every single one of you all right that's it for today's video I know I'm still figuring things out but I hope these tips help you as much as they're helping me if you found this video helpful please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to join me on this journey to 1 million subs and hey drop a comment below what's your biggest challenge when it comes to Growing your channel Let's help each other out thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one peace

- Why Airrack Lost 95% of His Subscribers / Airrack’s Shocking 95% Audience Crash Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Another example of burnout disguised as evolution is YouTuber Arak. Once gaining over a million subscribers in a single month, Arach now struggles to surpass 100,000, sometimes in an entire quarter. His shift from qualitydriven viral stunts to daily vlogs, including a misleading around the world in 30 days challenge that was later proven to be pre-recorded, fractured trust with his viewers. YouTuber Soggy Serial exposed how episodes were filmed months before the release and how Arak tried to brush it off as having a head start. That didn't sit well with fans. They saw it as deception, and the result was reflected in every view count, like to dislike ratio, and Reddit thread discussing how hard it is to even watch his fast-paced, overstimulating edits. From a high of 38 uploads in 2021 to just 12 in 2024, Arax's output has shrunk drastically. His once beloved group of creators has been replaced by an oversized ensemble cast that viewers just can't keep up with. The channel no longer feels like a team. It feels like content for content's sake. editing that moves at 1.5x speed and over complicated visuals have turned his once viral style into something viewers now find exhausting. Whether it's Airrack struggling to maintain trust or Quibblecop replacing personality with programming, one thing is crystal clear. The audience always notices. Real connection beats flashy edits. Substance outlives shortcuts. If you want to see more in-depth breakdowns of how internet icons rise and fall and what creators can learn from their mistakes, this is the place to be. Thanks for watching and remember, people subscribe to people, not machines.

- Reacting To TikTok’s Most Viral Fails! Pt. 01 - Hailee And Kendra: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to our Channel I'm Haley I'm Kendra and today I think we're gonna be checking out some of the most viral fails on Tick Tock now Haley is not a huge fan of fails um she's afraid that people are gonna break bones um but I think they're hilarious so Haley fun fact um I've actually broken a girl's arm before during wrestling so I was fine with fails until that and then now the sound of bone breaking is permanently ingrained into my head hope is no bone breaking I will cover my face and probably cover my ears and run all right let's do it let's do it [Laughter] not the beer not the beer was that beer it looks like beer here oh no and you know that is expensive at uh ball game though the least released yeah there's really ten dollar drinks yeah and he was doing it just to be silly all right you ready to do the next one he's jump roping he's not did he go all the way through yeah was he gone oh he was gone oh no that's like Haley's fear Haley had a fear at our last house because our last house was like 100 plus years old um that we were just gonna do through the floor for the record it was in Centennial house okay every time you walked on it you could feel all the boards but again I trust wood I trust wood that looks like laminate that didn't even look like no that was awesome support yeah I would think of that next time I jump rope well hello to say hello oh hi we have a guest see she's been all up at our girls today all up in our business today this is Athena you want to watch the videos with us you watch videos yeah you watch the videos with us here you go well she's like no I really want I just want to stand on your desk okay all right let's just turn with a cat butt on our face for that why are you picking that no no no no oh he knows he messed up why why did he think that was a good idea why and he didn't even grab it with like his hand like he like you know he did like one of these oh my God that reminds me of the time that I thought I could hold a wine bottle like that and it you can't it's very slick it goes straight through yep red wine shattered all of us are in the middle of the grocery store and it was in Holland so I couldn't even speak the language say oh my God I'm so sorry I paid for it I was mortified it's absolutely just stood there all the story used two hands damn it okay oh no not the baby the baby is like what the actual crap is going on she's like Mom what did you think would happen okay that was not that was not brilliant no it was not I hit our chandelier all the time though yeah that's why you put something underneath it or you just don't dance underneath yeah you're gonna be jumping around yeah the cynical isn't it yeah oh you know that her oh Jessie Jessie you are too big for that my friend I can imagine yes I can imagine his voice right now are you ready oh Jesse if you if you see this can you in the comments tell me if that was accurate or not yeah I need to know it was probably deep really deep yeah you're too tall for that honey I don't know what you expected yeah that was bad oh still like it hurt swim with Daddy oh cute so cute oh oh yeah again why did you my question is why did he keep holding on just let go just cut your losses and Barrel you're talking to God my cat is so I think it's really into you guys right now do you think that we could uh talk about this do you think you could just sit down oh that's very nice you could lay down that'll work that's really nice oh oh she's lovely she's slow blinking okay all right so this guy's cooking crabs okay do not put you what it's brilliant his costume makes it chef's kiss you're putting crabs in a Boiling Pot of water and seasoning them I don't know why you thought they need a season right here why can't you season from like up here yeah it's fancier up there anyways isn't that right Athena's like oh what is this see it's fancy he's fancy yes an umbrella oh a broken umbrella not sure that's how that's supposed to work yeah yeah I don't think so all right [Music] please don't tell me he falls oh I for sure thought that I was about to watch a little kid with a cast on Fall he didn't though he just kind of ran he made it that's what matters love you love you thanks for hanging out till next time she's like watch me scratch my post Peach all right what's going on here I feel like sometimes that's what my mom probably thinks of what I do man yeah like yeah like my mom's like scrolling through Tick Tock and then sees our videos like my mom so message me sometimes to be like so what is up with the video you just posted she's like what does it mean when a party's lit like like jump in like like I'm not a rager she asked me what a rager was asking what a rager was I was like we could throw a rager in here if you guys remember the video that this is from yes good on you is the penthouse the penthouse one yeah I was like we could throw a rager in here and she missed me it was like what's a rager I was like it's a party like it's a it's like a really bumping party like yeah like a crazy party but it has nothing to do with raging no like therapeutic raging yeah with music oh they were okay that's embarrassing we've been there where you start recording and then somebody walks in and you're like uh I wasn't doing anything and then you just have to leave your phone there and come back for it later anyways okay come on if that's my kid I don't want it that is hilarious it's not your kid you don't want it that that's exactly what I want my kid to do you know he said if that's my kid I don't want it so that's not my kid oh there you go yeah okay yeah are you just double negatives that's okay yeah yeah again again again listen kids will do what their parents do or their siblings or the adults in the room our kid will be a twerker if we ever have a child foreign [Applause] why would you do that did all his friends think he was dead no I refuse to believe that that was not staged oh that would have been powerful okay okay I wouldn't have liked that one no I wouldn't have either I would have punched that person in the face good night night you're dead now okay okay oh I already see where this is going you know you know you know it's like that this is his grow up to have traumatized anxiety and stuff my God were you that kid that was not not scared of clowns and you were like look at your big nose kind of yeah I could see that I really was not scared as much as a child I was incredibly annoyed when my um my best friend at the time Catherine if you're watching this I'm sorry uh wait feels like that's unnecessary why are you screaming now as an adult you know that that's very necessary right yeah gotta be so annoyed with her for screaming when she was scared I would scare her on purpose and then when she screamed I would chastity so messed up I know because I wasn't scared of anything so I didn't understand like why she was screaming yeah emotional damage yeah right I know okay so they're probably surprising yes oh yeah yeah oh man I saw that happen I saw that coming you have no idea how hard I held on to that ring when I proposed to you on the balcony on that cruise ship that would have been bad that was my fear the entire time that you were gonna drop into the ocean yes I don't even know where where were we Bahamas we were in the Caribbean somewhere I am so don't Repose on a pair if you do tie a string to it tie a string to it that'd be very odd you know like like when you attach the board to yourself when you go Boogie boarding or whatever oh right yeah that's a great example so a little cute dog is that a dog it is a cute dog you know again again this is exactly what I'm talking about you're traumatizing kids why was she terrified of that cute puppy I don't know but I feel like in that moment the kid really you know this is just too serious that was funny it's a puppy and like knowing a kid she probably loved that puppy in like 30 seconds kids turn around so fast okay so there's a guy with a phone kicked it out of his hand what nope what did I just watch why is this on this video I don't know we're watching it yeah because I didn't hey I didn't see I didn't know what the hell was happening with the phone okay he just like karate chopped it out of his hand he did he said no phone today [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] screen time yes what do you go to bed wait watch the rest of this video first please and also if you're not subscribed just go and hit that the Subscribe button let's go and the bell might as well you know yeah oh yeah that's funny that's that's funny oh my God it's like when when we were younger at Girl Scout camp people would put Saran Wrap over the the ETS because environmental toilets and then you would sit down and you would go to pee and it would Splash up all over you are you serious people do that yeah while you're out in the woods as if you already didn't get like athlete's foot every single time you were there and you can only shower once a day whenever your pool time is so if your pool time had already passed you just are sitting with a never happened to me though oh she got decked in the face bro oh my God kids are ruthless you guys oh my God she did that and she laughed she was like what else are you supposed to do that's funny evidently there's this cute little child um oh oh if that's not my wife bro that was that was that you with the one with the wine no bro with the wine in Holland I was there with my I I was holding it and I was in the middle of the like the like the produce section like where everybody at this story oh then why'd you ask me I was just asking if that was you no the whole no I can't believe I dropped my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bottle no I literally dropped my rattling oh it was like in tears and nobody could understand me I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry it's awful it's absolutely awful squishy Deja Vu right oh my God it's okay it was never you all right Spider-Man what is that called I don't know somebody somebody tell me what it's called are you talking about whenever they're um possessed got it two plus two I'm so confused as to what just happened oh I think he went to say four and then they started drawing his hand no okay oh she just broke that oh she just broke that she just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] broke that oh no what was that it looked like an ice sculpture was that an eye sculpture you know this takes so much time to make yeah yeah yeah okay let's pick it up okay no touchy right nothing oh my God that is my fear that is my fear of using curling irons or like straighteners or whatever I stopped straightening my hair because I was like I I don't this is a machine I should not be using this I'm so grateful for naturally curly hair at the moment hey remember that one time that she set your hair on fire watch the video again

  Top Comments:
  1. @whitetigerproductions8655 [2 likes]: 6:33 came for that
  2. @JamesEstelle-k4p [1 likes]: 1:42 - Athena has a nose just like my little Shmutz!
  3. @daveomacmahon [1 likes]: Your cat is so cute 😻😻
  4. @JonathanDelphiaBigJon1010 [1 likes]: 1:44 Cat Tax.
  5. @muhammadwasim4414 [1 likes]: 12:14.
The way she said" POSSESSED!" is funny!!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤.
  6. @Baby5Milo: Why did that guy kinda reminded me of Mr Bean while trying to pick up the class in between his armpit? 😂
  7. @mariecovalciuc5698: Athena is Gorgeous! 😍💜
  8. @NorahWatylon: I could listen to you talk all day.
  9. @subbywan1422: Always tie a piece of dental floss (unwaxed) to rings when proposing!
  10. @Redkev77: These tik tok fails are great - Athena is beautiful and cute ( and so is Gustavo) - Kendra's British Accent is absolutely stellar
  11. @AJ_Rivers_FSW: I feel like a rager in the UK is very different to one in the US
  12. @Abby-i1w: Sorry mom I'll go to bed😂
  13. @CaptainGiggles2: I understand where you're coming from with the traumatized thing. But if you're intent is to introduce the child not to scare them, but to normalize it, sometimes even if the child is scared you are showing them that it's safe. The big thing is to not put that sound in your voice. The poor baby sound. The dad and the clown one, should of shook the clown's hand, maybe even give him a hug. The puppy one, the parents should sit in the floor. Distract the puppy so it's not going towards the baby, and let the baby decide how close they're willing to get.
  14. @RIP19851: It mostly their pride that  gets broken
  15. @Vthekpopstan: 10:05 hailee: "go to bed"
me, watching this at 6am after a sleepless night: 👁👄👁
  16. @BrandyWhiting-x6o: Did u know someone tried that once and it didn’t work dont prank people
  17. @ScootrRichards: H, K, I got some bad news for you.
Athena is cuter than you. There, I said it.
  18. @scott2836: Athena is beautiful…
  19. @elissaferguson6753: omg athena so cute
  20. @MarcusBumgardner-d4e: The .....oh noooooo..... had me ded

- Reacting to VIRAL TikTok Beauty Fails: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, I'm going to be watching beauty fails. This was a bad idea. She's putting wax in her hair. Why would you be waxing off your baby hairs? This actually makes no sense. Is she going to do it? Is she going to do it? Oh god. Oh god. Oh god. Oh, and I also made a bingo of some things we should expect to see today. I'm going to put a clean copy on the screen so that you guys can follow along and I'm going to say that fail marks off major edging because she didn't even wax her baby hairs. That's all I wanted to see. Let's watch the next one. Okay, so she's using rare beauty blush. Yeah, I also feel like that was too much. That's a big juicy dot and we all know rare beauty blush, you literally just need like a speck of it. A speck and that's still too much. Oh girl. Oh girl, she's trying to blend it out but she's not going to be able to save it. Oh god. Oh god. Literally, how do you fix this? I never understood why rare beauty blush was so pigmented. I mean also people are going to complain if it's not pigmented enough. People are going to complain if it's too pigmented. So you like can never win, I feel like. But what's the point of making it so potent that like nine times out of 10 you end up looking like a clown. I want to say they did change their formula though and say that it's less pigmented. I think they saw the Tik Toks and they and they heard our cries for help. I'm going to go ahead and cross off blush blindness. Next, enjoy this video of me trying to contour for the first time. Okay, number one, this is not a contour shade, this is a bronzer shade. Contour, cool tone. Bronzer, warm tone. This is a very warm tone. Also, wow, this is this is way too much girl. Absolutely not. We've all been there though. We've all done that. Now she knows for next time and make sure y'all stick around because the videos get progressively worse. I'm kind of scared to watch our next one. It's titled gelatin face mask. Literally, what is going on? Is this a DIY face mask out of gelatin? This is so scary. Why do I feel like this technique could be cool for like a special effects makeup look though? Also, should I try it? Wait, I feel like I have to do it now. Oh my god, now I want to see her take it off so bad, but I don't think that video exists. OH MY GOD, IT DOES. IT'S PINNED ON HER PROFILE. I FOUND IT. WE HAVE TO watch this one, too. Part two of the peel. This is not like a satisfying peel. I didn't know you could have like a cringey peel video. But this one is like not itching the part of my brain that I want it to itch. I feel like she's a lizard shedding her skin right now. Mm-mm. Mm-mm, girl. No, ma'am. No, ma'am. And here's how it looks after. Comment if you think I should try this because I'm so down. And with that, I'm going to cross off nightmare core. Because I'm definitely going to be having night terrors about that gelatin face mask. Anyways, okay, this one says POV you're filming a Sephora haul and you notice your Sol de Janeiro is leaking. And she has the body spray. Let's see what this is about. Okay, she's taking the plastic off. Is the bottle broken? We don't know. I'm scared. Oh my god. OH MY GOD, THE BODY spray peed on her. Oh, it's all over her table. I mean, low-key, she probably smells good now. Pink is my favorite scent from Sol de Janeiro. So, that one is going to be preppy explosion. Oh my gosh, we got three in a row, you guys. Are we going to get a bingo this early? Cuz that would be crazy. Okay, this one is lip tattoos. Oh. Okay, so it's like a little rainbow lip tattoo, but it's not sticking to her lip. I'm definitely going to order that. Y'all are going to see me trying that soon. Yes, we're going to order it. Thank you. What is all over my carpet? Green. What is green all over my carpet? Getting tatted. Haven't used my beauty blender in a few weeks. Apparently, this is mold. Girl, that does not look right. That looks like Yoshi's egg from Super Mario Bros. So, daily reminder, wash your beauty blenders, wash your makeup brushes. Okay, so this girl tried something new with her makeup. and then I get the itch to try something new with my makeup. And then at the end, you know what actually happened? A clown. Wait, maybe it's not that No, it's bad. No, it's bad. You know, what's the harm in experimenting with a little something new in your bedroom, right? Did she look a little goof? I would say yeah, but there's nothing wrong with that. I've been there, done that, as Pitbull once said. POV, you ruined your whole makeup with a new setting spray. Okay, she's spraying it on. Why does it look like that? Why does it look sparkly? Is she supposed to like blend that in or something? Wait, why do I also want to order that now and see if it works. All right, I'm screenshotting that. We're going to add it to the cart. I love it when we're reacting to beauty fails and I'm buying the products that they're using. Like girl, they don't work. Why do I want them? I'm going to mark off Edward Cullen because they look identical. This one says, "I paid $200 for my prom makeup and it turned out awful." I feel like 200 is a lot, right? Okay, the inspo photo's gorgeous. I'm obsessed with this. That's so fierce. Why did her eyebrows look like that? They blocked out her brows and then gave her pencil thin brows. Other than the brows, hear me out, I feel like it's not that bad. But why would they do that to her eyebrows? Absolutely not. THAT'D BE SO SCARY. WE HAVE ANOTHER beauty fail and I think y'all know what I'm pulling up. So, the original video for this was taken down actually by the girl that posted it because she got clocked. But this is a screen recording of that video because the internet lives on. You can delete whatever you want, it's not going to go away. So, let's watch it. Poor memory, getting my makeup done for my wedding and I hated it so much that I decided to wash it off and redo it myself. Okay, so that was the photo of the makeup. And like I said, everyone has their different opinions, but that didn't look horrible to me. Like that looked fine. All right, she went in. Oh my god. She's washing her makeup off. Dude, this would be the most stressful ever. Heck no. And she's saying she just doesn't want to see her makeup artist. Like girl. She didn't want it on my neck at all. And then she said There's no makeup on my neck. Rather walk down the aisle And they're just sitting in here like roasting the makeup artist. And now she's doing it herself. wait wait to make a TikTok about this. She can't wait to make a TikTok about this, you guys. I mean, I guess, you know, if that's what's going to make you feel better, period. But I think there were ways to go about it that weren't like tearing down the makeup artist. And guess what? The makeup artist made a reaction video. So, we're going to watch that. I love spectating some tea. The tea is exceptionally good today. Okay, so she due added the video, which is so period for her. She is that girl. So, 21 million of you have seen that viral video of the bride washing off her makeup 20 minutes before her first look on her wedding day. Well, it's me. I'm that makeup artist. Oh my god, period. Um I honestly um was shocked to see this. I There were no indicators that she was unhappy. Honestly, um I've been doing this over 20 years. So, even if a bride says she loves it, often I can tell if she doesn't. Okay, I'm going to pause it. It's not rude to tell your makeup artist to change something or fix something or that you don't like something. That's what we want. We can't read your mind and like if you don't say, "Hey, like I don't know if I'm feeling this." How are we supposed to know that we're supposed to fix it? Girl, that is some you guys. All I'm going to say is we're going to mark off canceled. Now, this one says date night makeup gone wrong. God, that was a lot, but I want to go really shiny like cuz I just think it's it makes my makeup look so much nicer. Okay, first off what her eyebrows look like that? Girl, she definitely did this on purpose. They don't look the same. They do not look the same. Look at her holding up these bottles being like y'all anyone would have mistaken this. No one would have. I know she did that on purpose. She just wanted to view. We've all been there. That's all I'm going to say. Next. Okay, so this is our girl in the car applying some blush. I wonder if this was a rare beauty incident as well. Girl, our girl is a mess. Covering it up with some foundation. Yeah, I actually feel like she can save this. Look, it low-key looks good. She ate that down. If blush blindness has affected you or somebody else that you know, you have to like the video. Okay, what's going on here? Her forehead looks like a fresh baked cake crumbling out of the pan. Is that a knife? Is she scratching her head with a knife? What on God's green earth is going on here you guys? What the heck? I don't know why my body's also telling me this was done on purpose just for the sole purpose of scraping it off with a knife in a video. But nonetheless, I'm going to go ahead and mark off has to be a joke. This one says hall fail. It was at this moment that he knew. Oh, so all their blush dumped out. I'm also going to say something controversial. Not me ruining all these viral videos for you guys. I know there's a stopper in the Sheglam blush that does not let that happen and also the formula is not that watery. So I think they took the stopper off and added water into there so that that would happen. I just feel like I understand the concept of a viral video. Me personally, I could never have to try but like I understand. This one is acne treatment gone wrong. Oh my god, it's so bad. She has like chemical burns on her face. That's so scary. I hope she's okay. Y'all, let it be a lesson. Don't use expired products. I know none of us look at the expiration dates, but if it's a serious treatment, it could turn out bad. Oh my god. This one is toner gone wrong. It feels like an allergic reaction, but you can see like I'm literally breaking out everywhere. I thought I heard some really good things about it. Everyone Glow recipe I'm going to try to go as long as possible without putting any makeup over it, just so it doesn't irritate it more. I've got things to do today. Yeah, that does not look good. A lot of the comments are saying the same thing. This happened to me and I've been recovering for months. It ruined my face, too. I didn't realize our girl, the Glow Recipe watermelon toner, was that controversial. I thought we loved her. Cuz that's never happened to me and I use the toner a lot. So, I'm going to mark off anti-Glow Recipe. Into each their own. I mean, not every skin care product works for every person. If you notice something happening to your face after introducing a new skin care product, take it out. Go back to the basics for a while and see if it improves and then you can identify which product was causing it. Okay, this one is eyebrow fail. I put it on for like 10 minutes. And whenever I looked like the man from Angry Birds, whatever the character's name is. Not Angry Birds. These are your eyebrows. They look really good and it really enhances the shape of your eyebrows. I have like the Nike logo on my face and now I'm stuck with this and I'm like scrubbing it. Wait, she's funny. Also, like it's so funny to me she's wiping her eyebrows and there's nothing on the makeup wipe. Like nothing's coming off, girl. I hate to break to you you're stuck with this for a while. Also, she said they let sit for 10 minutes. At most, you're supposed to let it sit for like 5 minutes. I am praying for her. Perfect, we can mark off praying for you. We're getting awfully close to a bingo, you guys. I think we could get it soon. Every girl's worst fear. She's trying to blend out her base makeup, but it's just like peeling off. That randomly happens to me sometimes. I don't know why, because I will use the same foundation that I have used for the last year and a half, but just one day will start peeling like that. I have no idea why, cuz I don't use any new skin care underneath it, either. But, I feel for her. When I knew I messed up. Okay, she has some sort of peel-off mask, and she's lifting it. Uh-oh, it's in her eyebrow. Yep. Yep. Yep, her eyebrow is stuck in it. So, I feel like usually with masks like that, if you're worried about it, you can just go in with some water before you peel it off, and that should get the eyebrow hairs unstuck. So, I feel like she'll be okay, but maybe not. Maybe she waxed them off, cuz if you just wax, it could pull them out. We're going to mark off goodbye brow. The time I overlaminated my brows, but I had school pictures the next day. Y'all, let it be a lesson. Don't try anything new if you have a big event coming up. Like, don't don't try before prom or school pictures or anything like that. Like, let's just do what we know works, okay? Why are we making it harder for ourselves? Cuz I've definitely been there. Yeah, no, they look a little scary. They definitely look scary. Also, probably don't laminate your brows at home. POV, your brand new foundation oxidized minutes before your boyfriend picked you up. Oh, that ain't good. Aren't you glad you used that makeup today? Her face is orange, and her neck doesn't match. This Oh my god, this has happened to me so many times where I will do my makeup with like a new product that maybe I got in PR or whatever. I feel like I'm looking cute, I'm looking slay, and like an hour later, I look at my camera, and I'm actually orange, and I don't match my neck. Waxing my top lip for the first time. No. No, this is not going to end well. This is not going to end well. Oh, I'm going to go ahead and say, "Don't try this at home." Oh my gosh. I bought this today at Walgreens. It's just like self-tanning face mist 1-hour express, and I thought it was like clear, like a clear solution. Most face tanners are clear, and then they develop. So, I pull it out for the first time, close my eyes, and I just start spraying it all over my face. And I open my eyes. What do I do? Oh my god. Bondi Sands, you could did me so dirty. I have to be somewhere in like 30 minutes. Y'all, I'm praying for my girl, because that self-tan, if she tries to wash it off, it definitely is going to be splotchy on her face. Never forget to take your lashes off before a facial. OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD. LIKE IT'S JUST GETTING RIPPED right off. That's funny though. I mean, again, I feel that was also on purpose, but that is a funny video. I'm going to mark off, bye-bye lashes. And with that, we got ourselves a bingo. Tag me in other clips you want to see me react to, and watch another video. YouTube thinks you'll like this one. Bye, divas.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cow_231 [1 likes]: 2026. 👇😉
  2. @rashitishqipe8412 [1 likes]: ❤😂Klea
Led
  3. @spud69-z6s [1 likes]: Guys Sydney morgen  is the Chanel I watch like everyday who else watches Sydney morgen like almost evryday❤
👇
  4. @spud69-z6s [1 likes]: Hii Sydney I am such a huge fan I love your videos and boots. I have a skincare product that's worked really well for me and I would think that you might like it so I want to recommend the soap glory sorbet cream from boots the makeup shop and OLAY super cream with uv  protection SPF 30 and I am a huge fan so I hope you you like these products and I hope they work well for your skin cuz I heard in a makeup video that you have sensitive skin. Good luck 🤞🍀✨💝
  5. @AnimalPalace-k4d: Im 19 using baby shampoo and lotion beacuse everything else ive tried has damaged my hair and caused severe dandruff and baby lotion beacuse i a ceriacus
  6. @PamelaWilson-l3w: It’s a Swiss Army knife.
  7. @xthatgamerroseex: Girl the 2nd person looked like peppa
  8. @christine13cantrell: Dude that girl with the acne mask omg lord bless her omg
  9. @Pablorobloxminecraft: The first one was a bad idea
  10. @IsabellaOstapow: Please
  11. @jasminegalvin: 2:48 great Freddy Kruger gelatin face mask 🔥🔪🔪🔪🔪
  12. @Madeline-n9d: I love your channel!!
  13. @28liana: Pls try it
  14. @Thepotato2468: Girl please do a cutting open fidgets again ITS COMING BACK THIS YEAR
  15. @daraallen-lawrence224: Auto correct happened
  16. @daraallen-lawrence224: Gelitan*
  17. @daraallen-lawrence224: The Belgian face mask looks so weird!! And the girl can't even talk like girly pop.. Don't do the Belgian face mask. No one is making you. Ur an adult u have free will
  18. @book_lover-D210: 2:18 she looks like et 😂😂😂😂
  19. @JUSTKEIRA0219: 10:18 GLOW RECIPE DID THAT TO ME TO
  20. @Lana-v2b9s: 12:42 i learnt this the hard way..

- Reacting to FailArmy Best Viral Fails (Impossible Try Not to Laugh Challenge): Kind: captions Language: en Get that. >> Oh yeah, she coming in hot. >> No. No, >> wait. What happened? >> Look like broke got shot dead in the eye. Damn. >> Okay. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's That's just a goldfish. >> Oh, and some acid. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] done broke the whole bowl. That's more than that experiment. >> You didn't leave me. >> Oh, dang. That little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] walked it off. What that camera? >> Hey still got the jet. I wonder what made him think that he could drive a bike inside of water and turn at the same time. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you already know that's going to be muddy. Like, it's common sense. Oh yeah, she going to get gone. Hey, >> I'm already know. >> Hey, this how I be driving when I be on the uh go-karting and stuff, bro. I'm tell it's go-karting for a re. Well, not for a reason, but it's like bumper cars, bro. So, it's basically like, you know what I'm saying? Might as well have a little fun. You know, it's like >> Hey, >> stop it. Get some help. >> Dude thought he was Duke Dennis or somebody. You know what I'm saying? Good try though, bro. You saved the best part. It's all right. You know what I'm saying? And that's all you did. No, he real. No lady type of dumbbell she got. That thing didn't broke in half. First time I ever seen something like Yo, get out of there, bro. Get out of there. Come on. Dang little twine. You straight, bro. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> All right. At least the car stopped for him a little bit. I seen a little cop stop for him. >> Hey, get that. Get a no. Get that. >> Talk about some Oh my god. Almighty. >> I don't know. >> You don't know how to break. Come on, lady. No, not a dog. Is the dog okay? Look, that dog probably got CTE trying to take long, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Trying to grab me the bad.

- Try Not to Laugh: Viral Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Last night I was driving home. It was about 7:30 and it was pitch black and I was looking around and I was like, "Dang." I said that. I said, "Dang, dang. Fall has really begun, hasn't it?" And then I crashed my car into a tree. And I sat there for a second. I said, "Epic fail." >> Epic fail. >> But it's true. Fall has started. Summer is officially over. I think it's time we ring in the fall by watching a fail compilation of summer fails. We haven't watched a fail compilation in a longass time, potentially ever. Sometimes it's nice to just celebrate the original form of internet virality. The fail compilation. Sorry, I don't know why I'm speaking with so much passion. It's cuz I love epic fails. Who am I? It's so dark. Fall must be here. >> It's so weirdly dark already. It's only 7:30. Must be fall off a cliff. It must be falling off a cliff. Epic fail. By the way, sorry if you can hear loud noises in the background. I don't know if the mic is picking it up. They're like grinding trees right here. Just a full-on wood chipper right there. And just feeding trees, potentially other things, humans. I don't even know. But it just sounds horrific right there like that every 2 seconds. So, sorry if you hear that. And they just started to right before I hit record. It was just The [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on? [Music] off. >> Oh my god, you actually hit it. >> You just punch a seagull. Don't worry, babe. I'll always protect you. Dude, you just punched a bird out of the air. That's insanely impressive and hilarious. That's just such a funny phrase. Punched a bird out of the air. I once punched a bird out of the air. Yo, you trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get me over? >> I'm going to beat my >> Oh my god. What a beautiful punch, too. He hit that thing just square in the ribs out of the air. Look at this. >> It stopped flying afterwards. Oh my god, that's so funny. When I said I will always protect you, I was serious. I will [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up a seagull in the air for you, babe. I will literally punch assassinate a seagull. Not the seagull looking back like, damn, never had one hit me back. Seagull's like There's a whole ass pizza just sitting on the beach and this seagull went for the piece in his hand. He was asking for this to happen. This seagull was out here looking for beef. That's what it was. You know, some dudes just go out looking for a fight. You know, just every interaction like what you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Yo, I'm in line for the bathroom. Like that type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know? >> I'm sitting there >> saving that seat. Okay. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Whoa. That's what that seagull was doing. He could have just swooped down and grabbed a piece from the box, but he had to try this guy. >> Yo, you trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] get me? >> Equal rights. Equal laps. Did you get something? >> Equal rights. Equal laughs. It's like my favorite video of all time. I punched a bird in the ribs. Oh my god. First of all, insane aura. Like just the aura levels are off the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] charts right now with this fit that he's got on. I didn't see that coming at all. I thought he would have gotten launched by that wave and then face full of sand, mouth full of just beach, but instead he got a mouthful of literal butthole. He got a mouthful of dad ass. You're in the crevice. His face is in the crevice. The wave propelled him into the guy's ass and the cheeks split like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Moses. Noah Moses. Who split the ocean? Who lowkey split the ocean? His ass split like Moses. Kids face just pink eye. Dad ass. Epic ass fail. Wow. Oh my god. They're pissed off. How can you be pissed? If you're trying to prank somebody by throwing them in the pool and the same fate happens to you instead, you cannot be pissed at all. If you dish it out, you got to prepare to take it as well. And that was like literally best case scenario for her. That's awesome. Oh my god. It's just instant karma. The phone might have been waterproof. Honestly, that probably destroyed it even more. That's probably what really destroyed it right there. Epic fail. >> Come on, Rodney. Oh my god, his belly. Oh my god. How does the human body even do that? How do you have a toddler stomach as a fully grown? The only people that are built like this are toddlers, pregnant women, and unks, of which I am one, by the way. I'm a chopped unc. [Laughter] Oh, he's really hurt. He's like actually hurt. People are laughing, but he's going to need a spinal fusion after this. I I think he's got the type of injury where the it's got a letter and a number. A5 M2 fusion, you know, that sort of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] He's got that type of thing. Whatever that is. Yeah, I fractured my L2 L3 vertebraes. That's what injury he has. And he's playing it off like he's fine, but we can tell he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. [Applause] >> I think his back was probably already pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up from supporting that belly. I don't mean to body shame. He's got a belly. Like, he probably would say that. >> You got a belly, right? Come on. >> He's definitely [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. Uncle almost went into labor. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why didn't I think of that? God damn it. That's good. airbag. Why' they put the airbag on the front? They should have put it on the back. Is he actually okay, though? That's what I'm saying. I don't think he is. I think he's actually hurt. I think everyone else was kind of like, he's going to need surgery. Is the baby okay? Damn. That's not a summer fail at all. That's a summer whatever the opposite of fail is. That's a summer succeed. That means you spent a lot of time outside on the links, my brother. That's a summer well spent. Am I right? Just chipping balls and putting balls and taking long drives. I'm not talking drives. I'm talking drives with the freaking boys sipping some Sudsy ones on the links. Nothing better than that. I actually do like golf. I'm goofing around, but I actually do like golf. Not this much, but I'm sure he does. I think that's a pro golfer. So, that's a summer well spent right there. That's not a fail at all. >> Oh my god. >> His foot. Oh my god. >> Bye-bye, baby. You're good. >> You're good to drive. >> Yeah, clearly he's good. Clearly. Bye-bye, baby. You good? Why'd you even ask? He's obviously good. Obviously, these guys are obviously good to be driving an electric vehicle, for sure. Oh my god. >> They're laughing, but the guy's foot is being crushed. I don't think they're actually okay. I think that guy is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I mean, that's potentially a shattered shin again. Surgery might be needed after that one. It is an epic fail though. I mean, epic fail. Golf cart not supposed to be on its side like that. Epic fail. >> Ah, that's good. That's good. God, these comments are always so funny. The worst part is he was obviously not good to drive and they still let him. That's exactly what happens in real life. What did we just watch then? Was that not real life? Was that AI or something? I don't know what's real anymore. Or she means like with a real car. That's what happens with a real car on the streets. Yeah. No, that's a good point. She probably was being a little bit more lenient seeing as it was a golf cart on a golf course, but you can still get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up driving those things. I mean, look at that exhibit A right there. I have a golf cart story. Not proud of this one, but we were night golfing actually on a beautiful golf course in Kona in the Big Island. I don't know. We were in Hawaii. We were night golfing with balls that glowed in the dark. And someone was like, "Just make sure you do not drive the cart near the sand traps cuz that's how people die. They don't see them and they carine off." And similar to this, right? We had had a few to drink. All right. Again, not proud of this. There was nobody on the course at all. It was just us. And sure enough, I drove the golf cart into a sand trap by accident. just this is so much fun. Luckily didn't get hurt, but then we had to figure out how to get it out. It was a steep one. Eventually, we just pedal to the floor directly at the wall of this thing and just somehow made it out. This was like 10 years ago. And uh after we made it out, we looked at each other. We said, "Epic fail. Oh my god, you just got trout slapped. That was insane. Just randomly. What are the odds of that? That's got to be honestly like a good omen. Just a quick slap from a trout that just jumped out of the lake. That's insane. Poor kids. I mean, that would be so scary. That would be so frightening. Just sitting there peacefully with your family and then you just get this just slimy wet slap in the face. She's already not having a good time. That did not make her day any better. I mean, it's trying to body check this kid in the face. How did it make so much contact with all of them? Oh, the poor kid like kind of landed on his head though a little bit. That's sad. Those kids are going to have trauma from that for sure. I don't think any of them are going to go fishing ever, ever again in life. They'll be hanging out one day with, you know, somebody when they're older and they're like, "You ever been fishing?" And they'll turn like this. Fishing? No. Not since the slap. The what? The trout slap. I got my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rocked one time from a trout. Right here. He's like, "Maybe wakeboarding isn't for me. Is this how it's supposed to be done?" He was just faceboarding. That's what he was doing. He was water boarding. Stupid ass joke. Why didn't he just let go sooner? Why was he trying to salvage that? I tried to salvage it, but eventually I just realized I'm just swallowing a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of water. It's killing me. Oh my god. I think the water is going in his nose and then coming out of his mouth like this. His mouth's wake. Yeah. Couldn't do it. Sorry. Couldn't Couldn't get up. Couldn't get up. Damn, dude. I'm having fun right now. It's also so much funnier that he didn't mean to be funny. Like like his face here is totally normal. Like he didn't know how embarrassing that was. Which makes it so much better. Yeah. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Didn't work. Yeah. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Why did you hold on so long? What were you trying to do? Drink the lake. >> Three. Dad. Then go. >> I'm worried about my news. >> What's with these boomers and slip and slides? If you're over the age of 50, you should not ever ever do a slip and slide ever. >> God damn. >> God damn. God damn. Oh, god damn. Yeah, I don't think that's what you were supposed to do. I don't think a slip and slide is supposed to do that. More like a roll down the hill. >> You need to leave. >> That was not funny, Cord. Don't be laughing. >> Don't be laughing now. I think I fractured my L4 L3. Definitely slipped the disc on that one, honey. Definitely feels like it's my L6 A4 vertebrae. >> Dang, there were no Dawn on there. >> Why are you slip and sliding in a shirt? Why you wearing a shirt? >> It's pretty good. There weren't no Dawn on there. Why did Papa stop drop and roll? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that celebration? Hands in. Let's do the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] jerk off celebration. Hands in, guys. Let's do the jack off jizz celebration. Hands in. Come on. Good base hit, brother. Come in here. Let's do the spank off. Come celebration. Tongue out, Jeremy. Somebody has to catch the jizz. Jeremy, what is this fake dick that we're all jacking off going to come on the field? No, Jeremy. Tongue out. Cameraman zooming out quick. He's like, whoa, was not supposed to see that. Whoopsie. God forbid a little team bonding goes on. Yeah, I'm sorry. Sorry that the boys are celebrating. Sorry that they're all happy and have all agreed on the same way to simultaneously celebrate. Sorry. Wow, didn't realize that was illegal now. Sorry. Didn't realize jacking off a ghost penis with your boys was illegal. Didn't realize that. Sorry. >> Where that last piece of grass is, that's not really a leg. >> Classic fail. That was a good old classic fail right there. Just a bail. Just someone getting hurt. Someone just getting broken ribs. Good oldfashioned fail. I like that they warned her right before, too. Hey, just so you know, that's not a ledge right there as she mistakes it for a ledge. that's not really a ledge. >> I mean, she made it in. That was like kind of like mission failed successfully a little bit. That was such a good sound. Oh man, that's from the America's Funniest Videos official channel. That's how you know it's a good fail. Summertime summer. # summertime summer. #fails #fail #fail army. That's what we are right now. If you love being part of the fail army, can you hit the like button right now? And go ahead and hit the subscribe button, too. And if you don't, that's an epic fail. # comedy #pooljump. Oh, >> okay. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] were you trying to do? You know, some of these it's like, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Also, why are you in plaid shorts with a belt on? What are you doing? Where are your swim trunks? That's the first problem. Like, no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eat [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're in plaid golf shorts. What are you doing? I can kind of see what he was trying to do. But like, you got to know that you're going to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that up. You have to know. It's a steep ass slide. You got to just trust that you don't really have a grasp on like the physics situation going on in this scenario. Oh god, that's just that's definitely I mean that could be a fractured L4 L5, but I I'd probably say that's at least a fractured rib. At least >> again. >> Did he say again? >> Again. >> Again? Oh man, two times in a row. When will I learn my lesson? All right, let's try it again. Oh, >> yeah. I actually don't know if that sound was the slide. I think that might have been his actual rib cage making that sound. Sitting on your boyfriend's shoulders at the yacht party is cute until Oh. Oh, no. I can already tell this is going to be so bad. Okay, that wasn't actually as bad as I thought it was going to be. That's like the back of the boat. That thing's hard. That's not like a floaty. Yeah. I mean, she straight up both of her quads on that thing. I mean, that was just so dumb doing this on this like slippery ass back boat section. So dumb. I like that. He's like, "Oh, yo, y'all see that?" And his friends are kind of like, "Yo, is she good though?" Like, jump in there, bro. Oh, I can't believe I just did that, bro. Am I right? D me out, dog. D me up. I am a wild child, my guy. For sure, dude. Hop in there. Is she good? She might have just broken her [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] pelvis. Again, another beautiful water board going. I love that her body like didn't change positions at all. The board just went and she just stay. She really said just accepted it. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deserve this. Why did I let go of the boogie board? I'm such a klutz. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deser just just water just I deserve it. I suck. It looks like you guys lit a car on fire. What is that even? That's the most violent fire I've ever seen. Why is it also like tornadoing? What kind of sorcery is this? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This looks like a oil rig fire. Did you light an oil rig on fire? Yeah. Something tells me we're not cooking s'mores tonight, babe. Actually, you probably could cook a mean s'more on that from like where they're standing, you know? Just pulled out a stick with a marshmallow on it. What is this? Burning Man. Epic Bond fail. >> Epic bond fail. >> Bad bad joke, dude. Sometimes, you know, you got to lose some to win some. >> Oh no. Where'd she go? Is she good? >> Where did the lady go? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened to her? She vanished. Oh my god. Perfect place to stop it right there. I think she got eaten by like a manatee or something. A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Loch Ness monster or something like that got her. She fell in the water and then she was like dawn. What is that green? What is that? That's the monster. She got sucked into the depths. Where did she go? The way she just disappeared. Is she okay? I need results. No, she got sucked under by a sea monster for sure. It's not funny. >> Uh, yeah. When I said well done, I didn't. >> Epic fail. That ain't grillin. That's a straight up cremation. How does that even happen? It's >> not funny. >> It's pretty funny. Objectively, it's pretty funny. What even is that? What are these things that are on fire in these videos? Um, close the lid. People in these comments act like it's easy to be logical, you know, like a panicked ass situation like that. When something is on fire, sometimes it's hard to have like the wherewithal to be like, "Wait a minute, what fuels a fire?" It's oxygen, isn't it? So, if we starve the fire of oxy, you know, you're just like, "Ah." That's what your brain thinks in that moment is that's the only thought you're having. Big ass flame middle of the backyard. The only thing you're thinking is that's it. Just wait a minute. Hold on. Stop panicking. What fuels a fire? Think about it. What does a fire need to really go like this? A lot of what? Oxygen. Exactly. So, what I think we should do potentially simply close the lid. The only thing you're thinking is, "Ah," and then you're like, "Grab the thing. Get the off." Then before you know, you're stabbing. Like, what is she even trying to do? She got like the tongs and the slider. She's trying to slide this flaming turkey into a pan that this woman is not holding correctly. That's what ends up happening. I don't know what it is. It's the human condition, you know. Ah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. And then before you know it, the whole place is on fire. Get the lighter fluid. Spray anything on here. Spray the lighter fluid on here. That'll put it out. Sorry for yelling. >> A damn. I mean, I guess at that point the only way out is through. It's >> like there's nothing we can do at this point, kid. Your fate has been sealed. >> A damn, that's a bummer. Just picturing a trout coming out of nowhere and slapping that kid in the face right now. How? What if he farts? Then it smells like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in there. What do you mean, what if he farts? Then it stinks in that little capsule. Obviously, >> every single video I see of one of these slides, it's somebody eating [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that. Like, those things should be illegal. I think I don't think anyone has gone down one of those successfully. I think they're made to hurt people. Although, why did he go so much slower than her? She hit the nause button at the top. Like, she had so much speed. Why? What do you What did you grease up your bathing suit before this? I hope she's okay. Did that hurt? No. I'm sure it felt good, actually. I think it probably was the opposite of hurt. I think it was probably pleasurable landing on your ribs from 5 ft up in the air. I think it probably felt really good. >> My wife don't believe that. I can't I can't jump. >> I do. That's why I'm recording it. I want the world to believe you, too. So, when you say it, >> my knees. >> Not a good start. It went exactly how I thought it was going to go. >> It's one of those dumbass dude moments, you know, where you're like, "Yeah, should have trusted my wife on that one." >> What is it? What is it? I love that every video is a water slide fail. Ban water parks. Ban them. I'm starting a movement. Ban water parks. They're not safe. Was she drowning? What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was that? Why did she just sit up? What is happening? Is she dying? God, that would be a horrific place to die at the base of a water slide. Just like not only are you contracting some sort of skin disease, it's also the base of a water slide. You didn't even die like launching off of it or like it, you know, like maybe it splits right here and you like carine out and splat on the ground from like 20 ft up. That would be a cool way. You know, when someone says water slide death, you picture the last video of the girl like flying off it. That's what you picture. You don't picture someone drowning in shallow water at the bottom after finishing the water slide safely. Why did she just sit up? What What is happening? She's like a fish. survival instincts of a newborn baby. At that point, it's meant to be. Just sit up. I don't understand. Did you not have the stomach strength to sit up? Then why are you on a water slide? >> You can tell even the lifeguards like I've never I don't even know what to do in this situation. How do I even save you from this? It's not even a savable situation. I'm trying to guard your life, but you're not guarding your own life. >> We're so sorry. >> These are the best videos ever. We did a whole vid on this on the podcast back in the day. Just go. >> The best part about these is that it always happens twice. They wake up from this. Like he's passed out right now, right? Completely limp just at the complete and utter whim of gravity. And then he's going to wake up and he's probably going to pass out again. As he wakes up, realizes what's happening and then his body's like, "Nope, we're out. It's also he's going to wake up with like serious whiplash tomorrow morning. He's going to be like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] happened to me? Did I get hit by a car? Oh my god." Sounds like he just did a whip. It >> Poor guy. >> Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Better eat pasta. >> Good morning. >> He just passed. >> Poor guy. I feel bad for him. I thought Bro was locking in, but he was just absolutely terrified. I didn't realize in the beginning he's like completely stoic. Like, wow, this dude's got balls of steel. Oh, wait. He's completely unconscious. So funny to pass out in the first two seconds of that ride. It's like you're just not built for that. I'm dying, dude. I thought bro was aura farming for a second. I mean, yeah, you could crop out the first 5 seconds of this video and chuck that on your story. Farm some aura for sure. Just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's so good. All right, I'm done. Man, that was epic. What an epic video. Make sure you hit the like button and subscribe as well to the channel and I will see you by fail. Oh, what an epic fail. I get it all and then I'm

  Top Comments:
  1. @achiievher: The last two videos had me screaming 😂😂😂😂..these videos make my day...
  2. @jessewilliams2698: Trout is only fish in Canada.
  3. @KimiikoZ: One time my uncle threw a rock and it hit a seagull. He panicked because he thought he killed it. He and my dad quickly picked it up and threw it in the trash. Awhile later it flew out of the trash lol.
  4. @YourMomActress: Unc is absolutely an alcoholic. Well that’s not even a beer belly that’s an inflamed liver.
  5. @Naejakire3: Equal rights equal left's is something incels say.. Basically, if women want equal rights, they have to be ok with being beat by men or some shit.. So.. That's weird..
  6. @electrifyyy723: Mans on the bungee launch was faking
  7. @nathantrejo5345: 24:28 wonder what happened
  8. @morsedaakter1850: I would’ve told the tan line guy light bulb head I see you’ve got a bright idea
  9. @SubhamDikhit-s1e: anybody know what song is being played at 16:39 btw? i’ve heard the song a bunch but forget the name of it
  10. @CFLDance: When you keep referring to L-4, L-5
Thats sections of the lumbar spine
Just as a random info 😅
  11. @ash.quickyt: something like the fish i was on a canoe withmy dad and a geese came over and bit me, since then been terefied
  12. @MstSony-x5v: 2:16
  13. @MstSony-x5v: 1:59 2:00
  14. @itstaradude: cody be doing whippets
  15. @melaniehernandez5279: Those kids are gonna have TROUTMA lmao
  16. @elysiaorionn: cody out here saving my life
  17. @margaretporter9889: smokes cig "I got my sh** rocked one time from a trout"
  18. @ItsFreshItsAnne: I'm dying over Google search "who split the ass" 😂😂😂😂 Straight pink eye
  19. @jakecurtis1267: Need a winter fail video now
  20. @caroleejones4571: People have died on those water slides.

- Reacting to VIRAL TikTok Beauty Fails *again*: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, pookies? We're back, and we're reacting to some more beauty fails. But, they progressively get crazier. Let's get into it. When you try doing soap brow brows with bushy brows. Okay, she's rubbing her little spoolie on the brow moment. Oh. Snatch. I also made a bingo card. I'm going to pop up a clean version on the screen so that you guys can follow along. And we're going to be marking off stuff we accomplish along the way. So, I'm going to go ahead and say that that is snatched. Okay, this one says trying a new TikTok viral hairstyle. Okay, so she's trying to do like a little ponytail moment. Um I don't know like what exactly she's going for here. Like, I don't know what this was supposed to be. But, it definitely did not work. The way I was silenced when I was already running late getting ready for my own Vegas wedding ceremony, and this happened. Girl, how does that even happen? That's like black and blue and purple, and it looks like she's got punched in the face. Why are the girls always trying to branch out with how they look before their wedding? Why are we testing those TikTok viral hacks that we don't know have been proven or disproven? Like, I don't know why we don't just stick to what we're comfortable and confident with, and you know, clean our makeup brushes before the wedding. All of these crazy fails happen like before a wedding. Now, are they actually going to wedding? Maybe. So, we're going to go ahead and mark off not before the wedding. Next. Okay, so we have like the One Size beauty setting spray, and it looks like the nozzle is like stuck down, so all the product is spraying out. I love our girl trying to use every last drop to not waste any of it. That's so real. And she just can't get it to turn off, so she's just going to have to use it until it runs out. This has definitely happened to me, not with setting spray, but I definitely remember this happening with hairspray. But, we're going to go ahead and say rip ozone layer because isn't that like what aerosol cans like damage? I'm pretty sure. But, also I could be making stuff up. So, it's like don't take my word for it. Someone who like goes to a science class, let me know if that's an accurate statement. When final touches go horribly wrong. Oh, not a wedding again. Here we go. Not a wedding again. For the record, I did not poke her and then she showed the close-up shot. Rip. I actually do believe that this one's for a wedding. That actually happened when I was putting on my mascara today, but I think I fixed it. I like stabbed my eye with the mascara wand and then blinked and then my mascara went all under my eye. The way to cure it, you let it dry first, okay? Your immediate instinct is going to be wipe it off immediately, but it'll smudge. But, if you let it dry before you wipe it off, it just kind of like flakes off and doesn't mess up the makeup underneath it. Grab your spoolie. Get the crust off and you're cured. So, that's what I did and I feel like can't even tell that I messed up. Okay, so this is those like collagen spray masks. I've definitely done a video with these before. Okay, and now our girl is giving it her best shot. Okay. Well, I would say that didn't work at all. That looks like she just took a piece of printer paper from home, cut it out in the shape of the mask and then sprayed it with setting spray. I don't even know if that was actually the mask. So, she either got like heavily scammed or she's pranking us and we're getting heavily scammed. What is going on here? Is that Boots' butt hole? Hey, here's Boots. Boots wanted to say hi. Everybody leave the comments and say hi Boots. He got a haircut. Look how BALD HE IS. WHY IS HE PUTTING HIS BUTT TO THE CAMERA AGAIN? SO, I'm just going to go ahead and mark off catfish because somebody got catfished. I don't know who, but somebody did. I was shooting a makeup tutorial and this happened. Makeup girlies, tell me why TF it's gone gray. Okay, so she pumps it onto her brush and then she already can tell that something's not right. And then she puts it on her skin and it does look a little like green, gray. And that looks like the Charlotte Tilbury foundation. I do have that. Why it would go gray, I don't know. Maybe this is a prank also. I never know with these beauty fails. Like, what happened to like genuine fails? Why are we like faking fails? Yeah, I don't know. I can't really tell you why it's gone gray. Maybe it's expired or maybe you're pranking us. This is the moment I nearly quit my job. Yes, that is black dye just dropped on the cleanest canvas. Panic, panic, panic. Oh. Oh my god. Our girl had freshly bleached, just like beach blonde hair. Why were we going in with black anyways? Why did we have black dye on a brush? I feel like there's no way to like accidentally like mix up some black dye and then like hold it over bleached hair. All I know is if I was in this situation, somebody's catching a lawsuit. I don't know like how this could have happened, but I'm going to go ahead and mark off I would sue. As Sabrina Carpenter once said, sue me. When you're doing your makeup and it starts doing this annoying thing. Okay, so she's blending with a beauty blender. And now we're getting some close-up shots and it looks like a little crusty. Dude, this is happening to me too. I don't even know like why this happened because I've switched up the products that I'm using and it's gotten better, but still crusty. We need to figure out how to cure makeup crustiness because it happens to the best of us, you guys. Like, even me. Even me. This can't be normal. What is this a bottle of? Is this like This got to be like face moisturizer or primer or something? And she's just like dumping water out of it. It's 6:00 a.m. I don't know what that has to do with anything. Not the job. Okay, so she put it directly on her forehead and there was still like water coming out of it. And it looks like blue tinged water. I guess if it's like an old cream and it's been sitting there for a while, it could like separate like that and there could be water in there. I don't know, part of me is like did she like dump water in that hole to like prank us? Maybe I have trust issues. Wait, maybe the girls aren't gagging us and I just like have trust issues and not believing that. But I just don't know. That was a lot of water that came out of there. So I think I'm going to go ahead and mark off I D K if I buy it, I still don't know if it's real or not. Oh my god, we have four in a row ladies. We're like getting close to a bingo. There's going to be some tea if we get a bingo. Let's just say that. There's nothing I hate more. Okay, and they're pulling down the concealer under their eyes and they'll be like those two like concealer cracks. Someone told me one time, hold on, we're going to zoom you guys in up up close and personal, that you shouldn't even put concealer there anyways. They said start applying your concealer like here, under the little like bottom eyelid, so that that doesn't happen. Cuz I guess you're right in theory, like what am I even concealing that's like on my waterline? Also like the second you conceal or you powder immediately after. That has cured it for me. Cuz let's see, do I have the concealer lines right now? No, I don't. POV you try to do fake freckles. Oh my god, not the L'Oreal root touch up spray. It it low key kind of worked on her. I'm not going to lie, like that did kind of work. This color is for sure way too dark to like do the freckle thing. But hers turned out better than mine. Ah, this is a trend on TikTok. You got the like L'Oreal root touch up spray and then if you spray it very gently it like makes freckles. I tried this. Y'all don't want to see that video. So because I've also fallen culprit to the root touch up spray freckle hack, I'm just going to go ahead and mark off hate when this happens. It happens to who? The best of us. You're about to finish your makeup and then Okay, so she's doing her lip liner now. I think she's putting powder on her top lip. Trying to fix it. We all knew it would make it worse. I'm actually kind of confused what I'm looking at. Her makeup looks good to me. Am I tripping? I feel like it looks perfect. I'm confused. I'm assuming like the cross has affected her upper lip, but from my POV it looks fantastic. So it's just like I'm going to go ahead and scroll to the next one. Can someone help me find someone who can fix this? Oh my god, girl. What happened? WHAT DID YOU ASK FOR? This has got to be a bit, right? Someone that like wants to like give themselves a pixie cut, but it's just like leaving a few strands for a bit. Well, no, she's really balling her eyes out in the first clip. Girl, you're going to have to like pull off like a Karen pixie cut, like let me speak to the manager cut. And I do feel like she could body that. But I am like kind of confused. I would love to know the backstory as to like how did they hair get this way? Did you do it? Did your friend do it? Did a There's no way a salon did that, right? Cuz you could sue. I'm just going to mark off like what did you ask for? Because I'm confused I'm confused, you guys. POV you will never dermaplane your face again. Baby girl, that's not your face. That's your hairline. Why are we dermaplaning our hairline? Oh my gosh, the regrowth phase. That's tough cuz it's in the front of your head. You really can't hide it. The baby hair growth. Oh. Oh my god. Oh, the bangs look incredible though. Dude, that's not dermaplaning your face. That was dermaplaning your hairline. That'd be me like shaving off like Why would you do that? Literally, why would you do that? I'm going to mark off how do you even do that? Because like how do you accidentally like shave off your baby hairs? Benefit of the doubt, like could you accidentally shave off your baby hairs? like maybe. Warning, your liquid makeup after a flight. Oh, so her eyeliner did explode all over her entire face. She looks gorgeous. Oh my god, she looks so stunning. This one I believe. I think this is real cuz she did look genuinely shocked. And I feel like this could happen on a flight. Like your makeup gets a little like I don't know. The pressurized cabin effects like the inside of your eyeliner tube and just explosion everywhere. I'm going to go ahead and say oof. Maybe being an influencer isn't cut out for me cuz tell me why the hell my Aquaphor did that. Let's watch the video. Oh, so it exploded. But not only did it explode, it exploded into her nostril. It takes some serious skill, talent, luck, dedication for this like event to even occur. So I'm going to go ahead and mark off what? Cuz that's crazy. My hair before, most of it was virgin hair. Her hair's long, luscious, gorgeous. My inspo pic. So she just wants like very minimal highlights. Oh girl, what I got. Did you see those chunks of highlights? If you intentionally want chunky highlights, it's cool. You know, it's it's bringing me back to like early 2000 Lindsay Lohan chunky highlights. And it's kind of camp. It's kind of camp if you do it on purpose. But this was clearly supposed to look super blended and super natural. And those two things it does not. The worst curtain bangs ever. I've never had one of those nightmare interesting experiences and I went in and I asked for curtain bangs. Oh my god, I don't even want to look at it. Okay, we're going to do a bang reveal. What is this? I don't know what to do. It's so awful. The amount of like post hair cutting crying in your car videos that exist on the internet is actually astronomical. I feel for her and I hope that she's able to work it out. I'm sure she's somewhere right now with like the most luscious curtain bangs absolutely slaying. And she deserves that. just doing my brows and I like brush them upwards because Not the razor. What I do is I do this. Oh my god. Oh my god. That's not a good mistake to make. You're going to have to color in your eyebrows for the next few weeks, but it'll grow back. So, I'm going to go ahead and mark off like where are the brain cells because clearly in that video there were not many. And we've been there. We've all been there. Why would you do that? No. Megan, why would you do that? I love that I'm judging her so hard, but in my fidget video I did the exact same thing. Hello, am I dying? When your makeup starts separating. It looked fine to me, but maybe she was like filming in TikTok with a filter or something. I don't know. It didn't It didn't read on my side of the camera. Her makeup looked glowing and flawless, but I get when you're looking at it up close you're like, wait, the crust has infected me. It has to go. We have to wipe it and start fresh. Should never have got my lips done. Oh Jesus. Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh. This has got to be like an allergic reaction or something, right? Holy crap, you guys. Don't get your lips done because you don't want to look like that. She low-key be looking like that girl from Monsters Inc. What's her name? Yes. She looks like this queen. Actually identical. Makeup getting ready in bathroom light versus natural light. Oh girl. Yeah, I I be feeling so fierce in that bathroom lighting. And then you walk outside and you can see every pore on your face. Natural lighting really does like reveal all of the flaws in your makeup routine. When I be getting ready like near a window, I look more snatched than when I be getting ready like in the bathroom or with a ring light. Because I feel like the ring light just like snatches you up by default. You know what I mean? Versus if I was in natural lighting right now, it would definitely be a different story. Okay, she's doing like a little lip pop. I've seen this one before, I think. Right, what are we doing? That There's no way that works on anyone. I'm pretty sure I've done it. I don't stand by that. When we first figured out what translucent powder was. Oh, no, not the flashback Mary. I've definitely had photos like that. If you get cheap translucent powder, never use the flash with it. You will look scary. This is why I can't have nice things. Oh, no, she was trying to do the little Addison Rae lip gloss moment. Yeah, I would say that almost didn't work at all. How's your day going? Me. Oh, she spilled matcha all over herself. I hate that. I hate that. When everything that could have went wrong went wrong. Oh, she spilled powder Oh my god, I'm going to go ahead and mark off the girls that are clumsy. Because back-to-back spilling stuff is kind of crazy. But honestly, me, I spill stuff constantly, all the time. And with that, we got a bingo. Thanks for watching and watch another video. YouTube thinks you'll like this one. Like, share, subscribe, and until next time, bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @subscribeApril [1 likes]: i am likeing everyones  comments soz if i did not like yours +hi boots
  2. @PhoebeMcIntire [1 likes]: HI BOOOTTTSSS UR SOOO CUTEEE 😻😻😻
  3. @susanmartin3762 [1 likes]: I love Boots! He's HUGE!❤
  4. @Pur-fect-paws: 3:40 hiii boots 😃😃😃
  5. @lindelld9442: the hair tey in the dacrond
  6. @LiviaKristin: Hi boots
  7. @jazbathali1875: CUTE
  8. @samanthasaylor9534: Her. Why is boots putting his but in the camera again 
Me. Heeeeeeeeeeeeee haaaaaaa
  9. @AnnabelleTheRobloxian: Slay
  10. @BrittanyFoisy: HIII BOOTS
  11. @lexiengel6262: 7:28  I have rakels by myself
  12. @pamelamagarisca8971: 🐱🐱
  13. @Tiny_Animates: 5:17 I know why it did that! So the other night I was sooooo tired and I forgot to wash off my concealer or wipe it off and the next day I cleaned it off and put on new concealer and it happened so I think there might be old makeup on her that she either forgot to wipe off or she did but it didn’t work. 😅
  14. @Eli-p1i8w: 10:09 it can happen because of manufacturing errors,but mostly from pressure buildup in the bottle if the Aquaphor was black in the hot car car warm bathroom it can create pressure inside the bottle as it heats. It could also be because the tube was squeezed or packaged too tightly, which can force the contents to trap air inside which then expands when the cap is removed. This can also happen if you travel by airplane before using it.
  15. @susanmartin3762: 5:01  ok.. that's it. I'm done watching your video. This is 2 times you're seeing shit that NOBODY ELSE can see and then commenting on it. What the hell was 'crusty " about this chick's makeup? We see NOTHING WRONG! Bye.
  16. @susanmartin3762: 3:47 Where did you see gray? I didn't see ANYTHING grey..🤔
  17. @susanmartin3762: I love how messy your bedroom behind you. And your cool round  hanging chair is covered with clothes! 😅😅Is that all  REAL? Or is it just a green screen made to LOOK like a real messy room? Whatever it is, it works! 😅
  18. @elizabethrizea1749: Don’t no how to spell the word sry
  19. @elizabethrizea1749: Hi bots
  20. @elliecole8092: Had to thumbs up coz you said butthole.😂😂😂

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  3. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  4. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  5. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  6. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  7. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  8. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  9. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  10. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  11. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  12. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  13. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  14. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  15. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  16. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  17. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  18. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  19. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much
  20. @Cheeser5-w8x: Make this comment go viral

- How to get retention SO HIGH your shorts always go viral: Kind: captions Language: en 91% retention 93% retention 97% retention one after another again and again and again through my personal experience in making engaging shorts and my research into the strategies of top creators I've created an in-depth process for consistently getting high retention by following the methods in this process you'll be able to keep attention so well that you can't stop going viral so without further Ado let's let's [Music] begin the shorts algorithm uses thousands of methods to decide if your content is worthy of getting views however there is one single element that is undoubtedly the biggest factor in this every Creator acknowledges it as the single most important metric in terms of going viral and I'm sure you've heard of it as well just this simple line on the graph will decide if your short gets 10 views or 10 million views so let's make it as flat as possible now this upcoming advice can be used across all niches but for each person it might apply differently so in these next few minutes consider how you can tailor this information to fit your videos if you were to imagine your content as a car then the composing of your shorts would be the engine without a good engine it doesn't matter if you have a super nice car a Lamborghini because you won't be going anywhere so to explain the concept of composing we can start by drawing a simple line on one end we have the hook and on the other end we have the payoff the line connecting the two is our storytelling I'll go through each point in this drawing and show you how to maximize retention in all of them let's begin with the hook and I'll get to the others later your hook is basically the intro of your short it should be as concise and easy to understand as possible since we don't want to end up confusing the viewers or giving them too much information the hook should also explain the general idea of the video and mention a payoff now it might seem difficult to fit all this in less than 5 seconds but it doesn't have to be complicated find for yourself how this Creator communicated a simple but effective hook to his viewers yes even without a voice this simple use of text is still a very strong hook his viewers want to see what he's referring to in the caption which is a good reason for them to keep watching we also immediately understand the concept of the video because the visuals convey what game he's playing and the situation he's in which shows that you don't always have to physically explain the idea for further reference here's another very good hook but this time it's a completely different Niche my grandma thinks Christmas is expensive so I'm going to prove her wrong by giving her the best Christmas present with $5 let's get started so your hook can look differently depending on your Niche and video type but as long as you can set up a payoff and convey an interesting idea you'll be able to make your viewers stick around but only initially we still have to keep these people engaged until the end of the short or else they'll just scroll away before reaching that point that's where storytelling comes in in and we can start progressing down the line now this part is interesting because how you use storytelling will be very dependent on your Niche and video type if you make voiceover or original content then there's a lot more room with what you can do for that group I recommend you integrate conflict into your script have things go wrong and then resolve the problem with the solution also use a lot of suspenseful words like but and however because it keeps people on edge waiting for what you say next next now in a more General sense there is something that's important to focus on in storytelling for every Niche faceless or not and before I reveal it try to catch it for yourself in this short this is a Starbucks and down the street is another Starbucks and today I'mma start some beef howdy can you give me just like a really fun drink yeah we can definitely do that oh my gosh that's so fun Starbucks a went off this is the most fun drink I've ever seen I pulled up the Starbucks B and did what I had to do and then they said that you guys make super boring drinks okay so I was just going to see if you guys can make a more fun one than them yeah definitely this is what the Starbucks down the street made the genuine shock on tor's face right so in the hook Ryan sets up the plot behind the video and now we want to see who will make the better Starbucks drink then you might have noticed he used a hidden storytelling tool in order to keep us engaged throughout the short let's see even though the concept itself wasn't very tense there was a lot of anticipation he framed things in a way that made made it impossible to scroll because of the building up towards the payoff the hidden tool that Ryan used here was tension and obviously it worked because this short has nearly 100 million views so tension is the most important instrument of Storytelling and it can be applied in very broad circumstances as long as you're building suspense in your viewers now that we've resolved the storytelling and the hook let's move on to the payoff another integral part of your content so remember how I said ear earlier in the hook that you had to mention a payoff well now that we're actually here it's very important that you meet the expectations you set Ryan set up that there would be a competition between the two Starbucks but what if he reached the end of the short after all of that tension and buildup and said well it's a tie that would be lame wouldn't it you want to satisfy your audience because the real trick to getting a ton of retention is returning viewers if you disappoint someone with your payoff then you'll have lost a potential loyal subscriber who would have given you a lot of Engagement in the long run so make sure to fulfill the payoff and look at that we've successfully completed the composing pathway remember what I said earlier about composing being the engine of your shorts well you can think of editing as the physical part of the car the wheel the seats and the walls in the same way that a car couldn't function without an engine it's just as useless without a body to start let's talk about your pacing attention spans are pretty much fried nowadays especially when it comes to short form platforms like YouTube shorts therefore we need to go to Great Lengths to make sure our content is as fast-paced as possible I remember on an old channel of mine in the gaming Niche I would spend a whole hour getting footage for a one minute short that way I could condense all of the most action-packed moments to make the pacing quick and entertaining this is so important because people nowadays value their time much more why would they spend 30 seconds watching your short that isn't even entertaining when they can just scroll away and watch Mr Beast so keep your shorts as fast-paced as possible as for certain tricks like captions Transitions and zooming there isn't one concrete answer that I can give it's heavily dependent on the style of your content so I recommend recommend you search for other creators in your Niche and just do what they do now there's a whole another side of editing as well this aspect of it is often overlooked which is a shame because it plays one of the biggest roles in your engagement see if you can find what it is in this short these are the internet's weirdest websites spot the drowning child.com is like a lifeguard simulator where you're given a video of real people in a swimming pool and you click who you think's drowning to see if you're faster than the Lifeguard what's my star name.com let you type in your name and will return with how a Starbucks employee will find a way to spell it wrong did you catch it as the sections of the video switched the music he used changed as well the soundtrack you pick for your shorts can be used to make the audience feel different moods during different parts of the short this gets them more invested into the video and enhances your storytelling but be careful because if you pick the wrong soundtrack then it can backfire heavily another huge use of music is for building tension I talked about it earlier so you already know how important tension is if you pick a certain song with a buildup then you can create tension from thin air and manipulate people into staying engaged I can't show an example of this because of copyright but this channel is super good at it so check out his content to see what I'm talking about sound effects again depend on your Niche and type of content if you can use them then add them to certain moments for more engagement but if it doesn't fit your video style then it's not a big deal the definition of Leverage is using something to its maximum Advantage if we go back to that car analogy leverage would be like attaching a jet booster to the back the car does work without it but we can make it go a lot faster and what I mean by this is there are some clever tricks to maximize retention outside of the traditional composing and editing some of these tricks will seem pretty weird but don't underestimate how effective they are the first one is called engagement baiting do something that urges people to comment for example an intentional mistake until this guy slides the watermelon through it or a really crazy moment people will want to point it out and you might not know this but your retention increases as people use the comment section try it for yourself go to a short and you'll notice that when you leave a comment the short keeps playing in the background so get people to leave comments and you'll see a massive increase in your retention another trick related to comments and this one is kind of underhanded but it works very well here's how you do it once you post your short switch YouTube accounts so that people don't know it's you then go to the Post you just made and leave a comment saying something like that ending was crazy or I didn't expect the ending most people check the comments before even watching the short so they'll see that and wait until the end because you've made them curious about what happens the funny thing about this one is a lot of shorts creators use this without you knowing it next time you check the comments on a short and see one like that just know it might actually be the Creator in Disguise the third one is very simple but it's also very effective go to one of your shorts and find the related video section click it and link one of your other shorts a lot of people will click this link and since they're already in invested in your content they're more likely to watch for longer now I have a lot more leverage tips to share so I've linked them in the description for completely free check those out if you're interested hopefully you got a lot of value from this video subscribe if you did and I'll talk to you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CLIPMONGOLD [1 likes]: For me, most of the time, every Short has an APV of over 60-70%, and recently it has started to exceed 100%. I hope something will work out for me. And whoever is reading this, I hope it will work out for you too! Good luck!
  2. @LiviLore.mp3 [1 likes]: Wishing all small YouTube creators the best — stay creative, never give up, and keep going! 🎥✨ Wishing you all lots of success! 💪🎉
  3. @Saoewim: Small creators, you can do this!😁
  4. @EpicZonesport: good luck to all of you❤
  5. @SalwaShalihah: Bagus videonya weyy salam dari indonesia
  6. @ezxchiel: get that bread
  7. @BrainYappp: Goodluck Guys Keep Stacking and yall get viral :)
  8. @Thawkmtb: Thanks for the good tips
  9. @TrueHorrorStories-K: Thanks!
  10. @Bruhnsma: Thanks alot
  11. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  12. @CLIPZ-s5e9w: ty bro
  13. @Redditiix: Thank you for the video! Good luck to small channels 🍀🍀
  14. @viralInsight07: ill try thiss
  15. @DrHighlightShorts: Retention is not only the thing i have been getting 90+ retentiom and sometimes 100+ yet i couldnt break the 30k view jail as i dont get more comments and likes.😢
  16. @Plushroom64: good luck for everyone here!
  17. @ParvAgrawall: I thought i will perform better in youtube but my retention % going down like my grades % D:
  18. @idrish98: I got a 90+ retention and 85+ retention still stuck at 2/3k views huh
  19. @Fuh.clipzz: Soon bro soon bro
  20. @priscdreams: I'd love here opinions about my creations ✨

- 18 Psychology Tricks to Get Viewers Addicted to Your Videos: Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to engineer your storytelling to get a viewer to think and act how you want and if you can do this on command you win now I have over a million followers done a billion views and this one thing has been the biggest cheat code to my success it is the foundational building block that powers everything and I'm just going to give it to you this is my full content psychology Playbook 18 different tricks that you can use to get people addicted to your videos without them knowing it all right so I boil down every video into six steps think of these like Gates or checkpoints and I need to get the viewer through these six checkpoints before they bounce or the video flops now for each one I use a combination of different psychology hacks to pull them through and I'm going to break down each one of those hacks and how you can use them in your videos okay so the first major checkpoint in any video is paino acceptance before you do anything else you have to get the viewer to feel whatever pain point it is you're solving for in the video usually the core pain stems from not having enough money time health or access those are the four horsemen of pain and there's many ways to frame a pain but at a base level before you do anything else in the video the viewer has to feel a pain point now I can already hear the skep iics in the nose beds what about entertainment style content like Mr Beast or Minecraft videos there's no pain point in those and you're 100% right those are pure entertainment plays and those can work but my take is that if you're playing for pure entertainment the competition is much much steeper because you're competing against family time Hollywood grade movies Mr Beast himself the Instagram feed reading in bed if you're not an absolute Pro you're going to lose the entertainment game but if you're solving a specific paino all of a sudden you fit into a different category in the viewer's brain and if your goal is to make money online Value First paino driven content is the best way to do it okay so checkpoint one is making them accept the pain now what are the exact psychological hacks to get them to do this I have four methods the first one is by going one standard deviation away from the pain to trick them into accepting it so let me explain what that means the key with content is getting a viewer to opt into accepting they have a paino without triggering their be s detector it's like robbing a bank if you trip the red wire the alarms will go off and they're going to call the police you remember when I said all core pain stem from not having time money health or access well the problem is if you come out directly and say something like if you want to make more money do this it often triggers their BS detector and they'll dismiss you and this happens because most viewers are smart and they think to themselves Well it can't be that easy right this must be nonsense and so then they start second guessing what you're saying and this is all happening subconsciously because of their psychology once the BS detector is tripped in their mind you've lost them because now they don't trust you so this is where the one standard deviation away hack comes in sometimes it could be easier to get someone to opt into a pain by going one standard deviation away from what they actually want and having them make the leap themselves for example let's take the pain of trying to grow on social media that's what I talk about most people want to grow on social media because they think it'll help them make more money they don't actually want to spend 40 hours a week making videos they want the money but the beauty is that most people assume that if they grow on social media they will make money they treat them as the same so targeting the pain that they aren't growing their social channels fast enough is a way to disarm them on the money pain without triggering their BS detector they will make the leap that you helping them with social media will help them make more money which is what they really want and to prove this is the case if you look at all of my videos on my YouTube channel anytime I talk specifically about making more money those videos don't perform very well but anytime I talk about specifics of making better videos or new social trends for growing faster people associate that with making more money and those videos crush and this isn't an accident this is psychology at work so the specific tactic here is understanding which of the four horsemen base pains you're targeting and then figuring out how to go one standard deviation away to solve a tactical problem all right the second hack for trying to get a viewer to accept the paino is what I call twisting the knife here your goal is to remind the viewer of their paino and the frustration that they've been experiencing because they haven't solved it twist the knife the best way to do this tactically no surprise is to talk about the pain point and that frustration as bluntly and directly as possible so for example I might say something like if you've been struggling with storytelling I've been there I know how hard it is this reminds them of the struggle and deepens the Gap it seems obvious but this is adding Tinder to the burning fire of them wanting to solve the problem also fomo and jealousy are other great ways to remind them of this frustration and deepen the pain all right the third psychology hack for getting a viewer to accept the pain point is what I call an audience of one and this is very simple speak to them directly don't use the word I use the word you make it about them make them the main character make them think about themselves and their unique situation I use the word you more than any other word in my videos it's like a teacher yelling hey you to a group of kindergarteners right it stuns them immediately and makes them lock back in I also try in my delivery to make it seem like I'm talking directly to you and no one else and this comes mostly from tone and Rhythm which you have to just adjust over time the best way to do this is observe two people having a conversation and then try to mimic that tone and Rhythm nobody wants a preacher they want a friend again these things seem obvious and I'm going to show you an example in a second about why they're so powerful but I'm telling you stacking these on top of each other creates this deep pain Point all right the fourth and last hack for getting a user to accept the paino is to create the paino solution Gap you need them to realize that there is both a paino to be solved and a gap between between where they are today and where they want to be you can do this tactically by literally moving your hands from one side to the other or you could use Graphics or you could continue to Pepper examples showing the distance between where they are and where they want to be as you can tell and I've heard this in the comments I find the hands thing to be super helpful with this now you don't have to do all four of those hacks all together every single video but by doing these four things you make them aware of the right pain frame it so it applies to them specifically and build an urgency for them to figure out how to close the gap if you do this you have them Hook Line and Sinker through that first checkpoint and they are super eager to find out what comes next now I'm going to show you an example the first three checkpoints all happen in the hook of the video in the first 10 to 30 seconds so I'm really breaking it down but this happens super super quickly getting them through those first three checkpoints let's review the hook that I used in this video just a couple minutes ago and I'm going to show you exactly how I do this in practice by the way the reason you're still watching is because I use this exact psychology hack to hook you so if you're wondering if it works it works today we're talking about about psychology this is the biggest secret weapon used by all of your favorite creators they are masters of this if you want your videos to perform better all you have to study is human psychology but it's not just psychology principles you can't learn this content stuff in a book social media psychology is how to all right so here's the transcript of the first half of the hook for this video and I'm going to color code each of the four psychology hacks that deal with this first paino checkpoint now the first line is just me setting context that it's about psychology I kind of had to do that then immediately I start twisting the knife using jealousy I say by all your favorite creators now I could have started by explicitly stating the pain itself like you're trying to grow on social media through video but that is implied by me using Creator so at this point subconsciously you feel this frustration cuz you want to grow like your favorite creators but you haven't figured it out I'm reminding you of that frustration subconsciously that deepens the paino Gap if you want your videos to perform better so I'm saying it directly right here again I know every single person watching this wants to make money that's why they're trying to grow on social media so this is the one standard deviation away from the core Four Horseman pain now that rolls directly into the paino solution Gap if you want better videos paino you need to understand psychology solution and this is all happening in real time but like 7 seconds in I've already kind of got you deeply reminded of the pain jealous about the other creators and interested in how to solve it happens fast now because psychology as a concept is kind of high level and not clear I decided to use another line to reiterate exactly what I'm talking about and how you can apply it to making better videos so I say psychology is how you engineer people to do and act how you want and if you do this you can win again paino solution Gap if you do this you can win now the last thing to highlight is how many times I use the word you in the first half of this hook nine times and I use the word I zero this is also intentional this video video is not about me it's about you it's about helping you solve the pain I'm not talking about me yet now I spent so much time on checkpoint one in this video so far because again if you can't get the viewer to accept that there's a pain point you lose do not pass go there is no reason to continue you have to nail this first now before I go on to the next checkpoints why does this work so well it works so well because human brains are problem-solving machines if you give a brain a problem it is designed to figure out how to solve it by starting with the problem in the video script we are hacking the viewers neurochemistry to get them to pay attention to it and this first step is critical because it aligns their subconscious on the problem so that you can tell them the rest of the story before watching the video they may not have been problem aware or if they knew the problem they weren't consciously focusing so you need to angle their attention on the problem and then continue okay so this is checkpoint one at this point the viewer is now deeply problem aware and interested in figuring out how to solve it all right before I move on and there is some gold coming up I just got to say guys nobody talks about content the way I do I've looked so far for people to make videos like this and there just aren't any I take all of this and I put it for free in the description in my free community wavy world my free newsletter content. game I want you guys to win I think there's so much opportunity for everyone to win the way they want so I give it all for free make sure you check the description if you like the way I talk about this stuff all right let's keep going okay so as soon as the viewer is aware of the paino The Next Step checkpoint two you need to immediately Sprint to trust you you need them to trust you ASAP you essentially have between 10 and 30 seconds after they accept that a problem is real to pass their BS detector for them to trust that you're the type of person that could solve it if they sense that you don't know what you're talking about that you don't have proof that you've done this before or that you don't have the answer they're going to bounce and you lose them and this checkpoint 2 is another make or break moment in Psychology hacking do they trust you so what are the ways to get them to trust you this is the list in order from most effective to least effective the best in top of the list is proof that you have solved this problem for someone just like them this is why On Target case studies and testimonials are so critical it's why they're all over sales Pages if a viewer sees themselves in a success story that you have they immediately trust that you can do this for them if you don't have a testimonial of you doing this for others the next best case is proof that you've done it for yourself this proves that you can do it but they may not trust you as much as the testimonial if they don't see themselves in you the third highest trust Builder would be massive social followings on any account ideally the account you're on or a prei cosign from someone that they trust social followings basically prove that you are trusted and vetted by many at scale this helps decrease their fear that you don't know what you're talking about the fourth is evidence that you have been in their shoes and you are not in their shoes anymore this doesn't necessarily mean that you were the one that controlled the transformation but it does mean you have underwent the transformation so you at least know where they have been and where they want to go Fifth and this is second from the bottom is Common Ground anything you can do to build common ground between them and you just to build rapport and then last but I think still effective is the overall look and quality of your presentation of the information the studio the audio the confidence the posture the way the whole package is put together if you come off like you know what you're doing they will subconsciously start to trust you a little bit this alone isn't going to get you there but it's helpful icing on the top and this look thing this is why most sales people wear suits there's a reason why people do the things they do why they put testimonials on their sites why sales people wear suits is because they're trying to build trust now like I said you don't need the full one through six list to be true if you have any one of the top three you're probably good that's all you need but if you don't you may need multiple of the bottom three the bigger the ask the more trust required the deeper the pain the less trust required now I have three super quick psychological hacks that go one level deeper for how you actually facilitate this trust transfer so the first one around proof this is going to sound stupidly obvious but use screenshots of the testimonials bank statements a B tests before and afters social followings some visual proof is usually all you need to justify credibility that you've done what you say and it usually just takes one or two of these flashed rapidly and then the trust is built now if you have no proof you need to build common ground or show that you've been in their shoes before and even if you try this it may not stick but you have to try something the best way to build common ground is to hack their subconscious Psychology by saying things like I've been exactly where you are I've gone through this same thing I know what it feels like right saying those things helps build empathy empathy and Common Ground between them and you at this point if you don't have proof they are running the BS filter scan in their head absorbing everything trying to vet do I trust them do I trust them and I'll be honest the longer they're running that BS scan the less chance you have so you really want to establish trust as quickly as possible now in addition to building Common Ground an easy way to hack their trust like I said is having a professional setup this is a huge way to increase trust because when you're small and you have no credibility you have no proof but people see you have a legit set up immediately in their mind they're wondering wait how does this person not have any proof how does this person not have any wins he has such a great setup she has such a great setup they actually start to root for you in a weird way it inverts that's why having this professional look is so critical again if you have crazy proof you can record on a lowquality 720p camera in your underwear but if you don't have any proof this is a way to kind of elevate yourself without having done anything else again this trust checkpoint is critical if the viewer does not trust you they're not going to continue watching and you lose now one note on this at the beginning of your journey making content the reason why it takes so long to grow initially is because you don't have proof for credibility and so a low fraction of people trust you long enough to listen to your information that's why it takes so long to get those first thousand 2,000 5,000 subscribers but as you get some trust as you grow you start to build a following people then trust the following and the cosign is easier from people and then the compounding continues this is why it takes so long to grow at the beginning because you don't have trust I actually didn't start making YouTube videos until I had half a million followers on Instagram and Tik Tok and this was strategic I didn't want to risk spending $1,000 per YouTube video on editing and thumbnails until I knew that I had at least number three on that list of credibility now I actually do have almost a million followers I actually have driven over a billion views I actually have done the transformation myself and I know the answer so it's easy for you to trust me because I have these things so I now have proof figuring this out for myself I have big social followings I've been where you were because I used to not Plus I speak directly to entrepreneurs and builders that were like me so I have established Common Ground I also spent a ton of time and money building out this set so of the list of six 2 3 4 5 six I have all of them except the top one and now for the top one I have an Academy of entrepreneurs that I'm teaching the methods to I'm also getting cold DMS of people that are using my YouTube videos to get traction on their own so very soon I'll have the top one as well I will have the full six and this is really important to me because to me everything I do is optimize to build trust that's why I give the answers away I want everyone to trust me because I want to help people I genuinely do and so that goes back and forth and it helps build the trust immediately okay so that's checkpoint two so to reorient us the viewer has now accepted that a pain point is there they want to solve and they now trust you as a potential vehicle that could solve it so what comes next okay so checkpoint three is plan of attack as soon as they feel like the paino applies to them and they trust you as someone that may solve it immediately they want to know if you have a plan for doing doing so if you don't share a legit plan they will then churn so there are two things you need to do here in checkpoint 3 you need to share that you have a plan and explain why your plan is different than anything else they've seen before the first one is to create the point of difference between your plan and everyone else's now the easiest way to create the point of difference is to create contrast between what they've commonly seen and what you believe your contrarian take right so if they want to accomplish X and everyone says to do y and you say to do Z and you can convince them that Z is better they will hold to see what Z is the brain constantly is looking for easier better faster ways to solve their problem so if you create the problem and they trust you as a solve for it and you suggest something that may be different than what they've seen before they are going to be so curious that they will wait to find out what it is this is building that point of difference the contrast the Curiosity Loop whatever you call it that's how you do it now the other psychology hack here once you establish you have a point of difference immediately they want to know what is your plan now people like structure they like order they like alignment structure helps them remember things when they remember things they feel smart when they feel smart they associate feeling smart with you as the person that makes them feel smart and they trust you more so the best way to deliver the plan in structure is a list these are my five tips for doing X these are my 18 psychology hacks present your thoughts in a structured list the brain is very good at understanding numbers and chunking things down into steps that's how we learn everything as a kid if you jump into your tactics in the video without teeing it up as a list without putting a structure around it people will feel lost and confused if they're lost and confused they turn so now for the last time I'm going to pull up my full Hook from this video one more time and I'm going to show you how I walk through creating the list and creating the point of difference okay now I actually embedded the point of difference a little bit earlier like two birds one stone I talked about this in the paino section but this is the point of difference so I said if you want to grow on social media you need Psychology but not psychology in a book you need to understand how to implement psychology to hack viewers brains to do and act how you want there's kind of two points of difference there there's growth you think it's this I say psych ology there's psychology you think it's book learning I say it's actually implementing in videos there's actually two subconsciously there and I did it earlier instead of later because I'm trying to use the fewest amount of sentences I figured it was two birds one stone now the ordered Lis thing comes later obviously this is me saying I have 18 psychology hacks I have a full Playbook this is me presenting the plan to you and then right after I finish the hook I then reiterate that there are six checkpoints and those checkpoints or stage Gates I say it again because I don't want 18 to feel overwhelming so I say six again to break it down that's how important it is to explain things with structure and this all happened in 24 seconds across 12 sentences if you can pull a viewer through these three checkpoints as fast as possible they will then be primed for the rest of the video okay so at this point the viewer has accepted there's a paino to solve they trust you and they know you have a plan to solve it so there's just one big question left and this is one that matters so so much do they want you to be the one to solve it for them do they like you this is likability the number one psychological hack or checkpoint or bucket to get people addicted to your content is to make them like you enough to want to watch it people disarm their inhibitions when they genuinely like a person I'm not just talking about physical attraction do they like the energy and brand that you bring forward this is critical and as someone who's typically monotone I have brought my energy up to create this likeability or at least I hope if you're watching this I hope you like the way I'm presenting this I have three psychological hacks to improve your likeability if you're a Creator now the first first one the biggest one is energy people act like mirrors if you give low energy they will receive that and start giving low energy back if you have high energy it's infectious the easiest way to get people to resonate with your content on a psychological level is to bring your energy of delivery up by like 50% and the easiest way to do this this is what I do is I record one line at a time it sounds crazy but when you talk in paragraphs you start to Trail off towards the end of your sentences reading six seven sentences off the top of your your head you just lose energy but if you record one line at a time yes you have to chop it after but you can deliver with high energy every single line This is a super super easy hack to up your energy now the second best way to increase likability is simplification again people like when they feel smart if you make them feel dumb they will not like you it's really that simple this means using simple words and short sentences so what I do is I repeat my points twice if I say something with technical jargon I'll repeat it a the second time saying it again with simpler terms and maybe using a metaphor that's a little bit easier to understand and I kind of just talk in this way normally I think that's one of the superpowers of my style but this simplification by force is actually a really helpful way to increase people's comprehension when they can hear you and understand you they like you more now the third best way to become more likable is to genuinely just be yourself and I know it sounds so basic but people can detect when you're playing a character I legitimately wear this black hoodie every single day this black hat every day I talk like this I'm a Content nerd I'm a business nerd you cannot fake this energy around this stuff and because of that you can sense that through the camera and you like me more for it whether you believe what I say or not you like when people talk about things they like that's how the brain works they just perceive authenticity and this is the big thing when you're likable people root for you and they want to be around you they want you to be the one that solves their problems and as a Creator when you're trying to identify a problem a pain point that they pay attention to and solve it this is all you're after now if you're not likable if you're kind of a grouch you can still win but it's going to take so much longer because your value and your information has to be so good that it overcomes the deficiency of your personality it's much easier if people just like you now the sooner someone likes you the better and the easier it will be to hold them so it's possible they may already come into a video having liked you from something else so in that case checkpoint 4 is already checked off but if this is the first thing they're seeing of you they're probably going to take 3 to 5 minutes and make a call whether they like you or not those three things I mentioned are ways to improve your chances of someone liking you more all right so checkpoint five at this point the viewer has understood the pain point they trust you they understand you have a plan and they like you but this is all preal this is like the intro stage you were just trying to get them to opt in to giving you a chance to hear what you have to say and now you can see why the hook in your video is so important and why it takes so much time to dial it in we've deployed like 12 psychology tactics up to this point just trying to get the viewer primed to accept any kind of message so the next question checkpoint 5 is can we get them to pay attention long enough to hear what we have to say it's crazy when you really think about it right you spent all that time all that effort all that energy trying to get them to pay attention long enough to potentially give you the chance to deliver a message and still you have to fight to hold their attention it's pretty crazy but this is kind of the most important checkpoint within the body of the video is getting them to continue to pay attention until the last stage so of course have a few psychology hacks for getting them to hold their attention the first one is to create a hunt people's brains work in Loops when they open a loop they need to close it that is why to-do lists are so nagging you write something down on a to-do list you fret until it's closed people work in open and closed Loops so when you need to keep someone interested for 20 or 30 minutes to watch a full video you need to continually open Loops in their brain the best way to do this is to lead with the most valuable piece of information first and then tease that there are other things like it buried throughout the video that first piece is like a dopamine release and it validates that it's worth staying then you create this hunt these Loops that people have to hunt to close to do this tactically just continue reminding them about the gold at the end I didn't really do it well in this video but you can think about when people talk about six tactics and when they're on number two they say and wait for the end because the last one's going to be great right that is them opening a long-term Loop while they close these Min ones they want you to stay to close that long-term Loop all right hack number 14 is reh hooking in previous videos I've talked a lot about the importance of reh hooking throughout your content because you do all that work to lay the initial hook but then if you don't rehook everything just atrophies down to zero so you have to keep reh hooking their interest and the best way to do that is to keep reigniting that paino solution Gap where are they where do they want to be remind them where are they where do they want to be create contrast against where they are where they want to be common belief contrar in take continue to create that contrast and you'll be able to rehook them throughout now the best way to do this is that and flip so saying things like now that point was good but honestly if you don't figure out this point it's never going to work right continuing to give that zigzag dance that's how you rehook them all right another way to keep them interested throughout and I talk a lot about this in my storytelling video which I'll link here if you want to check out the during the body storytelling a lot of these techniques I broke down a lot deeper in some other videos but a great way to do this is what I call a trans Rhythm if you create a desirable rhythm with the Cadence of your words they will stay because it's soothing to listen to I've noticed that that the monotony that comes with same length sentences actually leads to boredom and then people churn so the best way to do this is to use your voice as an instrument and try to deliver off balance enunciation off-balance Cadence to create this Rhythm keep them on their toes some short sentences and then deliver some long Legato sentences some compound sentences some quick sentences keep them off balance and it creates this trans style Rhythm where they're just locked into hearing it it's almost like music in a way if you look down your script and you don't see a jagged line with the end of your sentences that means all of your sentences are around the same length and it creates that monotonous plotting feeling you want that Jagged line so look down your script and make sure you have that all right so now we've come to the last checkpoint checkpoint six this is what you're after the whole reason you do one through five is to get people to checkpoint 6 checkpoint 6 is getting the viewer to take an action so far you've established a paino built trust laid out a plan got them to like you and re-hooked them throughout the video so that they could absorb most of your value the last step can you get them to take the action after all that's why we're making content in the first place we need viewers to take some action now that action could be to subscribe it could be to share it could be to sign up for a free email list or a lead Magnet or a community it also could be to convert and transact for a paid product right from the video the actions vary but we need the viewer to take an action if they don't it's not that the rep was all for nothing but we don't really Clos the process that we were trying to do here now I've got three final psychology hacks to trick the viewer into taking the action the first one is called close the loop at the end of the video tell the viewer that you have successfully closed the paino solution Gap and that by doing this they should have everything they need to be able to take the information in the video and solve for it themsel but if they would like to increase the speed and get to the solution faster then they can take your action or purchase your product this hack of reminding them that all the information is there but if they want speed they can pay for it is super effective and it works because almost no one can absorb 100% of the information on the first go round but the whole point of the video was to demonstrate that you have the end to- endend knowledge and 5% of people are going to be able to take that watch it three times and implement it thems God bless them it's the other 95% that want to pay for Speed now that they trust you that'll take the action the hack is that you reminded them that the loop is closed because by reminding them it res signals that pain point that they wanted to solve they will feel like it's still unsolved because they haven't absorbed all the information and they will look to take an action to solve it all right my second hack for getting the viewer to take the desired action is an unexpected surise surprise most of Life boils down to expectations verse reality if they expected a highquality masterpiece in your video but you fell short chances are they're not going to take the action but if the reality of watching the video blew away their expectations especially if it was because of how valuable the information actually was they are way more likely to take the action that you suggested this is why I was able to grow from 0 to 65,000 Subs on YouTube in like two months I try to make all of my videos at a 12 out of 10 quality that blows people away so this the unexpected surprise works every time all right and the last psychology tip hack number 18 is the recap tell the viewer what you're going to do do it and then remind them at the end of what you did that reminding is the recap this is the final nail that closes the loop on that paino solution Gap and that by doing that it reminds them that they should take the action if they haven't yet solved the pain watch I'm going to show you an example right here as I close this but I'm only doing it as long as you take the action look in the description all right guys that's all I have for this video those were 18 tricks to hack viewer psychology to get more addicted into your content if you like this video and you want more breakdowns like this I kind of like making these but I don't know if you like them too if you like them leave a comment let me know what I should cover in the next video and remember there is so much free stuff in the description I'm giving it all away if you want your videos to be better if you want to grow faster on social media the links and the invites are below for you to take advantage of until next time we'll see you guys on the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [23 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @pamithadesilva1955: I’ve being binge watching this channel since early this week. I wish I came across these videos earlier. Such great learnings
  3. @shashankthakur2090: god bless u bro thankyou so much
  4. @IrvinZurita-t5l: Perfect content ❤
  5. @CovenantCrossings-n1d: Just stumbled across your channel. I am almost 70 years old, excellent presentation, just subscribe.
  6. @RonNezaticky: Good stuff! Loads of value! Thank you
  7. @RoxanaHashemi: Great thank you 🙏
  8. @Thecreabrix: thank you <3
  9. @TechnicalIndiaA1: You addressed pain point of content creator
  10. @eNVyyuh: that’s so scary i’m so high bro literally just explained exactly what made me want to press his video 😭
  11. @gregh_777: i hate everything about this video.
  12. @CoachClaySmith: This was articulated with so much clarity. I really appreciate the way you broke this down—it gave me something practical to reflect on & apply. Thank you for sharing your insight. 💡
  13. @Toplegends7: that's perfect
  14. @philliprocker2719: New to social media so these tips made some things finally make sense.
  15. @madievb7728: This video was super helpful, thank you for sharing your expertise with us. I checked out the Sandcastle program and it looks wonderful, but unfortunately I can't afford it right now. 😢
  16. @Ben-g2i8w: your lessons are valuable . thanks for the good work
  17. @lydiamartinezebling: Amazing! 🙏🏻💪🏼
  18. @nexryn1: We'll definitely make it
  19. @Jonathan-u6q6h: Love your teaching
  20. @Jolly-Good-Planet: You are the great teacher. Thanks! 🎉 ❤

- How to edit SO good your viewers get addicted to your videos: Kind: captions Language: en imagine your editing is so good that your viewers can't resist watching until the end I want that for you so I've boiled down my years of editing experience into a four pillar formula by the way you'll have to take notes today because we are going way deeper than basic things like cutting out Dead Space editing is so much more than that and let's be real your video deserves so much more than that a great editing style may get you perfect watch time and millions of views but it may also leave you with terrible view counts and Broken Dreams to figure out why let's start with this it's just this guy Sam in his car talking and then working out the video lasts 26 minutes but has just 17 cuts and no other form of editing how many views how many subscribers do you expect him to have so this means that editing is optional right wait slow down that's not what's going on here Sam did edit he cut out all the boring parts that the viewer didn't come to see but he left it at that because his viewers aren't looking for a super stimulating experience they just want to feel like they're spending time with someone a bunch of Quick Cuts and flashy animations would ruin that authentic experience that the viewer wanted and guess what A disruption of what the viewer came to the video for is the best way to make them stop watching and while Sam edits with an average of 90 seconds between cuts Mr Beast does quite the opposite so if both editing Styles work what should you do start with considering what experience your viewers want Sam's editing tells us that millions of people come to YouTube to feel like they're hanging out with someone Mr BEAST's rapid fire style shows that a ton of people go on YouTube for entertainment all your editing choices contribute to that experience for example cutting out all your pauses so that you're speaking constantly is is easily the most important thing for entertainment but it takes away from authenticity an effective editing style takes all these choices into account so as I reveal the reasoning behind my editing for my first three uploads take notes on what you should add to your own videos based on what suits your audience the best this video is not a bunch of tutorials it's a handbook to addictive editing think of it as a foundational starting point to know what tutorials you should even watch in the first place I want you to look at this there's a problem here this is the timeline of a typically edited YouTube video a couple cuts have removed the unnecessary bits there was a tangent here that wasn't really relevant to the video's greater purpose these Cuts removed pauses and these removed bad takes but in its current form this video is doomed to fall short of its potential the reason is this video isn't using its visuals to maximize attention think about this when you see a change in your vision like something moving abruptly it gets your attention the same is true for watching a video and here there's only three different things to look at in the span of a minute kind of boring but if the video were to switch between a roll b roll and other types of footage every few seconds it would keep attention much better however there is a drawback to changing what's on screen too much try to notice it as we go over how different types of footage should be used to maximize engagement a roll this is when you can both see and hear the subject at the same time it feels personal and holds attention really well if you're speaking with confidence use it for short periods of time when you're saying something important b-roll this is extra footage recorded separately from the audio it creates a visual depiction of your words letting the viewer see what you're talking about instead of just having to look at your face this lets you get things across much more clearly and faster too it's more interesting than a-roll so use it as much as possible some variants of b-roll are stock footage which is just a lazy version and Motion Graphics these improve explanation times a ton look at how quickly a complicated thing was explained in this dude perfect video did you find something nope I found a suspicious looking math problem over by the pool table and it appears that I need to use the pool balls and the numbers on them to form some kind of solution you really need to understand how crucial that editing Choice was that was an essential but boring moment in the video story any attempt to use a roll or a normal b roll in this moment would either be too slow slow or terribly confusing both of which would lose viewers but an animation explained it crystal clear and fast that's the sort of editing choice you need to make to create an addictive video if you've been following my channel then you've probably noticed I've only uploaded three videos and with that I've gotten over 300,000 views and like 13,000 subscribers what makes it crazier is that I haven't promoted these videos anywhere I just uploaded them on YouTube and they did great completely by themselves because of all the YouTube knowledge I've gotten over the years I got a channel last year that I got to like 60,000 subscribers and over 24 million views so naturally I've been getting a ton of comments and emails of people asking me to help them out so I want to let you know that I'm releasing my calendar below but it's for serious creators only if that sounds interesting to you then you can book a call below to learn how to grow your YouTube channel and by the way the spots are extremely Limited at the moment so don't miss out now you probably remember from earlier there's a drawback to cutting between different clips a ton all of this visual variety can quickly become visual mush if you're doing it wrong let's say you want to be engaging so you're trying to cut between different clips literally as much as possible you risk making things confusing which hurts engagement to avoid that don't minimize shot duration just for the sake of minimizing shot duration it's okay to leave the same clip on screen for for 10 seconds if it's interesting for 10 seconds and often times adding some engagement spice to your video doesn't even require cutting to another clip instead use some of these tricks to make things way more immersive first give some movement to any boring still Clips you have make either the scale or position slowly change or even better make things Fancy by changing their perspective you can also do more abrupt scale changes to draw attention to certain things for example when I say something important and an a-roll segment I'll zoom in close to my face to subtly communicate to the viewer that they should listen up you might also make wiggle key frames that's when you see images or text or maybe the whole video shaking around you never see me doing this because I don't like the way it looks but if you want to do it then go ahead next throw on a bunch of visuals on top of your footage many people make the mistake of adding captions just to jack up the visual variety but don't forget that drawback that we talked about using captions to fill in Dead Space can quickly become obnoxious and ruin a great opportunity to use a more engaging visual so I only use captions when I want the viewer to understand and pay closer attention to certain words but if there's really nothing else to put on screen captions are often still better than nothing also keep them the three words or less at a time because it makes them easier to read now let's say you're showing an image to the viewer if you plainly show the whole thing like this it's boring and more importantly it's confusing to make things crystal clear and create some visual variety guide the viewer's attention to the focus point of the image here are six ways that I do that which go beyond just scaling and positioning take notes cuz this is what gives you professional looking timelines like these animate the most important piece of text or area of the image being highlighted darken or blur the area that surrounds the focus point of the image shift the Hue of the image to make it red and it gives the image a negative connotation you can also shift it to yellow or green to make it seem positive circles arrows and underlines also work oh and one extra make the subject glow another immersion hack is to just make the video look good this could be color grading adding a v yet or some subtle particle animations on the topic of making things look good let's bring our Focus to make things feel good this next pillar literally makes your video a digital morphine stream so we've talked about visual variety but now let's talk about visual continuity if you manage to create a seamless feed of visuals then there's no rough edges no areas for distraction to build up there's no point where the viewer loses immersion the goal for this pillar is to make every moment blend into the next seamlessly the editing should be invisible The Experience mesmerizing anytime a graphic comes on screen it can't just magically appear there that doesn't make sense it needs to somehow move into the frame check the description for my free presets now you don't have to animate things you can also let something magically appear on screen but then explain how it got there using a sound effect I like to use the shutter sound effect but a pop sound or something like that also works now this is super important look I just made a cut but I messed up the most crucial rule of doing a cut in the last frame of this first clip the viewer is looking right here in my eyes then a tiny fraction of a second later in the first frame of the second clip the viewer is now expected to look here that's a little jarring and it breaks some of the immersion that your editing should be providing imagine if every cut the viewer had to keep changing Focus from one side of the screen all the way to the other this right here is a pretty unimmersive viewing experience another way to make cut seamless is using a full screen transition there's plenty of free packs out there but if you like my subtle style of them then I got something for you in the description and don't be afraid to break visual continuity every now and then cuz remember it jolts the viewer it'll get their attention look at this timeline we've been talking about all these ways to make the video visually addicting to watch but we've been leaving out the other half of the video there is a whole another sense for your viewer to experience the video in pillar four immersive audio sound design makes the viewer experience every cut transition animation and piece of footage through a second sense it's literally double the stimulation and it can be used to influence the mood that the viewer has which is an engagement superpower that we'll talk about more once we get to your music choice but for now the first step of sound design is to gather a bunch of sounds to work with I already got that for you start with that free sound design back of copyright free sounds that I made for you in the description if you need more check out freesound.org or get epidemic sound next go through your video and basically just add sound effects wherever it makes sense when something moves you should add a whoosh sound and when something's highlighted a highlight sound now comes the engaging part these next three types of sound effects literally hijack your viewers emotions and suck them into the video first are risers they build tension and anticipation because they communicate to the audience that something really important is about to happen but only use them if something important is actually going to happen or else they will lose their reputation and won't be effective next are hits these release tension and emphasize moments making them feel important you can use these on their own or place a riser before them it depends on the situation and again don't overdo them finally drones these create a feeling of mystery and Intrigue they reserved more for darker moods creating a lot of underlying suspense these sound effects are so good because they kind of manipul ulate the viewer's emotions which is so powerful because the more emotionally invested the viewer is the more engaged they are and these sound effects are just the tip of the iceberg to achieve this below the surface is a massive potential for emotional investment your music choice for example I like to find songs that create a feeling of anticipation which makes the viewer constantly believe I'm about to say something super important then during a segment where I'm giving groundbreaking advice I use a song that gives an Innovative feeling which creates a ton of excitement over what I'm saying this is super straightforward to pull off separate your video based on subject changes and then decide the mood the viewer should have for each subject by the way you should spend a lot of time finding the right music because it is really important that it fits you can find some good copyright free songs on the YouTube audio library and there's the occasional gem artist like let me know which offers free songs but to be honest subscribing to a licensed music platform is the best choice if you're going to take YouTube seriously I'm not sponsored but I saved like 4 hours with them last time and I found way better songs I have an affiliate link for them in the description okay this is going to sound crazy but there's even more you can do with your music choice to immerse the viewer like what do you think happens if you pause the music abruptly the sudden change will jolt the viewer getting their attention also the lack of music brings attention to other parts of the video so for special moments try pausing the music to elev at that moment now what if you instead let the music slowly fade out once the viewer notices that the music is going away they'll understand that the segment they're watching is coming to a close this realization gives them anticipation of something new coming okay let's get even more advanced Beyond just making the mood of the song match the tone of the segment it's in upgrade your music by sinking the hits and dips of the song to the video for example in this segment I introduced the problem here and began teaching the solution here I line things up so that at this exact moment the music picks up doing that marks a clear topic shift from problem to solution and also makes the solution segment more exciting and if you're wondering why I have four music tracks playing at the same time it's because I downloaded the separate elements of the song that's another feature of epidemic sound which is super helpful all right I hope that helped now there's a lot more to retention so click here for a video on that and then you're interested in that call thing there's a link below

  Top Comments:
  1. @LearnByLeo [45 likes]: Get my free editing assets & step by step instructions to get your channel to 100k subs (free roadmap) 👉 https://www.skool.com/get-views-free/about
  2. @TrömlYT_MC [1 likes]: I dont want that my followers get addicted, I just want... I just want that they love the style of my videos how they are and I get famous just being me...
  3. @ireallyloveediting [1 likes]: I love EDITING
  4. @AmazonHomeless: I'll try some of this stuff.
:)
  5. @SteelWardenMC: what editor site are you using???
  6. @larazizzle: Imagine uploading always to end up getting 83 subscribers
  7. @MaggiesHavenAU: I really liked the way you explained this; it was very clear and easy to understand. Just one gentle point from someone on the autism spectrum with ADHD: I found the editing style very noisy and overstimulating. It became a bit too much for me, and I actually had to step away for a moment.
  8. @Angpaodiwa: Damn bro, Thanks so much for your video. Wish you a happiness
  9. @VyronNo1: I'm on mobile does it work
  10. @jus1332PSP: Fun fact. I hate this editing style. I don't know why so many people like it
  11. @iggylami-ing1382: how to start a blog
  12. @GaalKerr: This channel is worth sharing I learned a lot from it.
  13. @MccullorsGelbach: This channel is exactly what I needed This deserves recognition.
  14. @GallatinGuerera: The content is exactly what I needed I learned a lot from it.
  15. @marleeroyal7617: I would like to say that this is a very very good example of addictive watching I have no interest in learning to edit videos whatsoever but just the editing kept me watching for some reason
  16. @DraculasOfficial: while me just bass boosts some songs and slap on an image in capcut and upload it to YouTube for fun
  17. @vallenteleonardwilliaml.8733: aMAZING!
  18. @onedollarricher: I am working 24/7, 365 days on my Core Finance and Investment behind the scene channel. I select one topic for a week, do deep down analysis, market research, investigation, lots of ready and then script writing all my own. Then I record by myself and edit by myself. As of now as my channel is new, all the work is done by me alone and thus, I feel there is less traction or engagement of the people. Audience get mesmerized in these super cuts, editing skills, which is good, but for entertainment or understanding something is different, but when it comes to real finance, core strategies, and serious things which drives money, brings money, creates wealth, music does not help, education, knowledge, peace of mind, seriousness, and silence matters. I avoid distraction, for my viewers so they may listen quietly with focus, concentrate, analyze, understand, and implement in their life, which actually helps them make some money to their bank account. Real dollars. Please suggest what i can do better. Please if you could have a look to my videos, and suggest basis the seriousness of the topic. Thank you.
  19. @AbdulsamadIbrahim-j7t: Thank you for the advise❤
  20. @TheMCLeopard: thank you for using a video of a leopard for demonstration purposes

- 5 Twisted Details Left Out of Viral Mackenzie Shirilla Doc: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Detective Jesu. I'm the one who's been investigating the crash. You're under arrest for aggravated murder times 2. >> We're following fallout from the documentary that everyone is talking about. Kenzie Sharilla spoke out for the first time since her murder conviction in connection to the crash that killed her boyfriend Dominic Russo and a friend DaVon Flanigan. But I'll show you the parts of the story you didn't see in the documentary. >> How you guys did this on the weekend is just all you have to do is go, "Hey, there's a warrant for her." We would have brought her right down here with no problem. It's just unbelievable. >> And why McKenzie's dad now appears to be in big trouble after the movie's release. We're on the case presented by Law and Crime. I'm Chris Stewart. Hey guys, real quick before we get into this episode of On the Case, I need to tell you about this free app, Upside, that can get you cash back when you buy daily essentials like gas, groceries, and takeout. Here's what you do. Download Upside for free, then you claim an offer at one of their 100,000 plus locations. Pay like you typically would, verify the purchase, and you get money back. I use it when I pump gas or maybe I'm doing takeout. I just search for offers on Upside first. Then after I spend, money appears in my app and I just transfer it straight to my bank. Upsides frequent users earn an average of $254 back a year. So to start getting cash back, click the link in the description or scan the QR code on your screen and use promo code OTC to get an extra 25 cents bonus on every gallon on your first tank of gas. The movie The Crash is out on Netflix. It is a shocking true crime documentary that looks at a case that we have talked about a lot here on Law and Crime. And in this movie, for the first time, we see Mackenzie Sharilla give an interview from inside of prison as she is serving 15 years to life since her conviction in 2023. One of the more shocking parts of this documentary, it's not just what McKenzie had to say, it's what her parents had to say. And there's been a lot of criticism of them after this movie was released. And to this day, they say their daughter's innocent. McKenzie says she doesn't remember what happened on the night that she drove a car 100 miles per hour into a wall, killing Dominic Russo and DaVon Flanigan. Now, the evidence proved otherwise. A judge in Ohio found McKenzie Sharilla guilty in 2023 and she is serving 15 years to life in a prison in Ohio. Now, the fallout that we're talking about today has to do with McKenzie's dad. He is featured prominently in this documentary. He unapologetically supports his daughter and says that she is innocent and that the judge got it wrong. But now it appears he's in trouble with his job because of what he said in the documentary. We're going to talk about that in just a moment. And we're also going to talk about some of the parts of the story that you didn't see in this documentary. It's a really good documentary, but I was surprised that there were some parts of the evidence that prosecutors laid out in the trial that didn't make it into the movie. So, let's dive into how we got to this point. McKenzie Sharilla was 17 years old and in 2022, she is dating Dominic Russo and she, like a lot of teens, is very active on social media back then. These are some of the images that she posted to her Tik Tok. And in 2022, she's dating this 20-year-old named Dominic Russo. This is a picture of the two of them together. They reportedly dated for multiple years. The couple actually lived together in one of Dominic's family's homes. McKenzie's parents in the documentary The Crash, they really paint this relationship as something that's beautiful, young love. One day, her dad says that the couple potentially was going to get married. McKenzie, in her own words, says had the crash not happened, it was likely that she was going to be Dominic's wife today. But prosecutors say that story, it couldn't be further from the truth. They say, "Don't let the pictures fool you. This relationship was far from perfect. In fact, they say this relationship was toxic. Dominic's family testified in the murder trial that the couple would often fight. Dominic's mom said that the couple would make threats against one another." >> Like before, you lied. You lied and said you would never lock me out of the house again. That is why we got back together last time we broke up. >> But I forgot to broke up with me earlier. >> Because you were >> You broke up with me earlier. You broke up with me earlier. >> This is your last chance to open the door or you are not coming out of this house all night cuz I will not leave. That's a phone call between McKenzie and Dominic that was part of the evidence in the case. And it just gives you a glimpse into what this relationship was like. And in the early hours of the morning on July 31st, 2022, this relationship turned deadly. That's video of McKenzie behind the wheel driving more than 100 miles per hour into a wall around 5:30 in the morning. Here's video from before the crash of the car with McKenzie driving fully in control rounding the corner at a normal speed before prosecutors say Sharilla floored it. Dominic was in the car as well as DaVon. Both of them died, but at this point during the crash recovery, it didn't appear that we were dealing with a murder. >> Radio, this car split in two. Radio, there's a occupant inside. Send us a squad now. We got to bust the window out. Send us some more units. Any more units of progress now? >> No. >> 6 on left road on the three on Alita. >> This is not a fresh accident either. She's been here for a while. Freddy, we got at least two occupants in here. No one's moving. Oh my god. Oh my god. Times three, guys. Radio. Three occupants. No one's conscious. >> No one's breathing. >> Bust that window out. >> Rookie. >> Oh my god, dude. >> This is video of police rushing to the car to see if anyone survived. Investigators believe that McKenzie crashed around 5:30 in the morning, but this car wasn't found until about an hour later. And here's a clear picture of just how bad this car was mangled. McKenzie claimed that she blacked out, that all of this was an accident. There's no doubt that she's lucky to be alive when you look at the wreckage left behind from this crash. McKenzie was airlifted to a hospital with multiple fractures. Now, in the Netflix documentary, The Crash, producers don't touch on this. And I was surprised they didn't because it was a key piece of evidence for prosecutors in the murder trial. And that evidence is that prosecutors say that their cell phone data that shows that McKenzie was in this area, the area where this crash happened, days before. And prosecutors argued that it showed that McKenzie was scoping this area out. Now, in the vehicle, police found a weed pen, a bong, and multiple grams of marijuana. That certainly played a role in the story that prosecutors told as well, and McKenzie's dad in the documentary talked about how his daughter regularly used marijuana. But prosecutors argued because she often smoked weed that it wasn't something that would have impaired her and led to her putting her foot on the gas as the black box in the car showed and flooring it into a wall at 100 mph. Prosecutors say she was not impaired at the time of this crash. As McKenzie was recovering in the hospital, she played the role of a grieving girlfriend publicly. Prosecutors would later argue that she wanted to turn that role as a victim into something where she could make money working as a model. >> Shortly after the crash, Strongsville police were notified that they had uh received concerning emails from the community that the defendant and her mother were seeking employment with the Los Angeles uh modeling agency. Kenzie Sharilla said to Vitali, "Thank you for the comment. I would love to work with you guys. I've been emailing you guys a lot. Such a great opportunity. Thank you. >> A classmate shared this text message with investigators that shows Sharilla asking for him to go get pictures of her from Dominic's room so she could put them in Dominic's casket at his funeral so quote, "He can be with me forever." Sharilla also went to a concert in the months after the crash in a wheelchair, as you can see here. Prosecutors used it as trial to once again prove that she was not a morning girlfriend, but was trying to capitalize on what had happened. Now, if you watch the documentary, there were also people who were friends of McKenzie Sharilla who argued it wasn't in her character, that she would do something like take the lives of two people, including the life of someone who she had dated for a long period of time. That's something that prosecutors didn't buy. It's certainly something that the judge that decided the verdict in this case did not buy. >> The police were provided additional videos of the defendant from her wheelchair as she attended a concert uh down in the flats. And again, your honor, I'm introducing these to the court to show the shocking lack of remorse. This was uh something that was being exhibited while the investigation was still going on before she was uh charged and arrested in November of last year. And these were the sort of things that were coming to the police. And the shocking lack of remorse coupled with the fact that the defendant uh was reported driving an automobile shortly after this event that she was seen in Strongsville uh again driving a car in spite of the fact that as her mother testified, she got dizzy sometimes from a condition that she had to take salt pills for. um in spite of the fact that it was in fact her mother who provided her with the card that she used to take Dominic and Davon's life. >> But as McKenzie played the part of a victim, authorities built their case and in November of 2022, she was arrested. >> Where is she? >> Right back there, pal. >> Hi, McKenzie. Step out for me. two. Okay. Nobody's going to ask you any questions. Nobody's going to bother you. Can I have your key, please? >> Could you please be careful taking this one off so it doesn't break the bracelet, please? >> You got it. You got it. You want my >> Thank you. >> You got it. Okay. Just keep your hands right here. I'm not going to not going to tighten these, okay? I don't want to hurt you. You good? Are they good? Thank you. >> This cruiser right here. >> Actually, he took her out of the car and we did not. >> Okay. >> You have anything like that? Watch your head going in. Okay, >> this is video of Sharilla in the back of the cruiser being taken to the county jail. She seems solemn. She seems emotional. >> What happens now? What am I doing? >> Okay. Well, McKenzie's 18. So, um >> the lawyer said they called and said that, you know, not to talk to any cops cuz she's legal counsel. >> Yeah. and we we read of her her rights. She's 18 and we are not going to ask her any questions. We have no nothing to ask her. So, we're not going to ask her anything anyway. So, uh when we're done with our booking process, uh she will likely be tra um processed uh downtown. We'll transport her downtown. >> That is video of Mackenzie Sharilla's mom at the police station after her daughter was taken into custody. Again, McKenzie's mom and dad defiantly stand by their daughter saying that she is innocent. Even though prosecutors would point to the black box of the car she was driving, showing that the gas was pressed down to the floor. There was no effort to break whatsoever. Here is video of McKenzie's dad showing up at the police station. Here's what he says to authorities. >> I need to speak to my daughter because you guys aren't allowed to speak to her at all. That's from the lawyer. He does not want you guys speaking to her. And I can get him on the phone and he can tell you that over the phone if that works or I can go in and tell her not to open her mouth to how you guys did this on the weekend. Just All I do is go, "Hey, problem. She hit it. It's just unbelievable. I mean, 18. >> So, the warrant was issued today, so we executed it today. The warrant wasn't issued earlier. Well, you >> could have made a phone call, couldn't you? You had your creeper out in front of my yard watching. So, Um, she can't take any, she's an adult. She can't take any phone calls right now. >> She'll be transferred downtown. Okay. I don't know when. >> Just call her advice. >> She'll be transferred down. >> Okay. Well, I still need to speak to my daughter so she understands what not to say anything to you guys. >> Okay. And I don't know about the phone. I would have to ask about that. >> Can you go find It's mine. It's not hers. I need I do need it. I have other children. >> That's how we communicate. >> Yeah. And that's how we communicate. >> Okay. So I >> I do need my phone had to roll out the whole mask to pick up an 18-year-old girl who can hardly walk out of a out of a hospital visit. It's just beyond me. >> So we follow the law and that's what we're doing today. Um so her uh the phone that was in her hand is the one that we took, but I have to check with the detective to find out what what's going on with that. I don't know the answer to that. >> Can we find out? I do need it like right >> Okay. Let me let me at least >> I have another child. >> I get it. I get it. >> Am I going to be allowed to have a two-minute conversation with you? You cannot talk to her while she >> doesn't Why doesn't she get a phone call? Why don't she get a phone call? >> She was just brought in. They're going to process her as soon as they get the time for her to make a phone call. She would be able to make a phone call. >> You just need to advise her. She has >> She's a lawyer. She does have >> She is 18 years old and she can speak that. Yeah, but she's a dumb 18-year-old that just turned 18 and you guys are dumb. The bulls that all all the kids nowadays are dumb and these guys are going to take advantage of. She's not allowed to speak to you guys. I'm telling you that >> her attorney can call us. >> Don't ask her any questions. She's not allowed to speak to you. >> Mackenzie's dad is now facing his own issues after this documentary dropped on Netflix. Before we get into that, I want to talk about McKenzie's trial. So, it's 2023 and McKenzie, again, she argued and she still argues to this day that she doesn't remember what happened that night. She has no recollection. She says McKenzie opted for a judge to decide her innocence or guilt. Not a jury. And that judge found McKenzie guilty on 12 charges. Four counts of murder, four counts of felonious assault, two counts of aggravated vehicular homicide, one count of drug possession, and one count of possessing criminal tools. At sentencing, this is what McKenzie said. Is there anyone else? >> I would like McKenzie to address the court. >> McKenzie, you don't have to speak if you don't want to. It's up to you. >> You can sit if it's more comfortable. Whatever is better for you. >> The family's not Davia. I'm so deeply sorry. I hope one day you can see I would never let this happen or do it on purpose. I wish I could remember what happened. I'm just so sorry. I'm heartbroken. I love D and Davian. We were all friends and down was my soulmate. I wish I could take all your pain away. And I'm so sorry. And to my family, thank you for the support and all the love you guys give. Thank you for fighting with me. I love you all so much. >> Now, you can hear there that McKenzie still claimed what happened wasn't her fault. And if she had appealed, her defense may have pointed to what they believed was a lack of evidence proving that she knew what she was doing. But we'll talk a little bit more in a moment about why she won't be able to appeal. Now, prior to McKenzie's victim impact statement, McKenzie's mom addressed the court and it did not go well. >> She would never ever ever murder the love of her life. Okay. the Halloween for 3 months after the accident. She would only wear his clothes. She would only eat the snacks he ate. She would only listen to the music he wrote. Okay? She was laying in bed for three months crying. There was a shrine of him next to her with photos and things that he liked and this flower that lights up that he got her because he wanted it to be fresh and alive forever. It's like a little Beauty and the Beast flower. Okay. She's got this shrine of him next to her. So, she was crying for three months. So, her friends asked if she wanted to go out trick-or-treating or so Halloween and it was a U and she didn't even want to go. She said, "I don't know. Should I go?" She couldn't even walk yet, barely. So, I told her, I said, "Baby, please go. It's Halloween. You've been laying for 3 months crying, only listening to his music. Please go have just a moment of fun. A moment of fun." So, we told her to go. My husband drove her. I brought her back home. She just needed a second of fun from losing her whole world. Her whole world. So that was us. We told her to go. And that concert she went to with Dom's cousin Abby. They picked her up. They brought her there. That was Dom. Mackenzie and Dom and Abby all decided to go to this concert together while they were in the hospital. That was for Dom. Everything she did after the accident was either in honor of him to be close to him or just to be by him any way that she can. She's like devastated and tragic. He was the air that she breathes. Okay. And they went with his cousin with we spent all kinds of time with him after the accident. Um what was the other thing? >> I'm hearing an awful lot about your daughter. I'm not hearing very much about the two dead people, >> Dominic. Okay. I'm asking you for leniency because this was a tragic accident that she does not remember and do DaVon. We don't He's a new friend and I'm so sorry. >> What does that mean? His life is worthless. >> No, no, no, no, no. God, no. Not at all. They all They all loved each other. They all spent every day together. You know what I mean? I don't I don't know too much. >> Isn't that part of the problem, Mrs. Cheryl? >> Sorry. Isn't that part of the problem that they all trusted each other? Isn't that part of >> It's not a problem at all. It's It was wonderful. >> It's a problem how they all ended up in the car together and two of them ended up dead. >> I understand. I understand what it looks like. I'm I'm I'm saying that it was a tragic accident. She would never >> But we're going to have to disagree on that. >> I understand. >> Right. >> Then it was the judge's turn to speak. >> There's only one person who's responsible for the pain of everyone in this room. That person is you, McKenzie. Nobody else is responsible. This isn't the fault of Dominic's family or DaVon's family or your family. And I know that each of you have asked your questions to yourselves. What if? What if I had done this or that? The truth of it is none of us can control the intentions of another. And when there is a purposeful intent to harm or kill someone, it is the perpetrator alone who bears the responsibility for the choice and the consequences and the harm that follows. The difficulty for sentencing today, honestly, is whether or not I believe you should get consecutive sentences. I'm troubled that should I give you a concurrent sentence that people will believe that somehow I'm being disrespectful to one of the victims. And on the other hand, I have to weigh the punishment. There's a very good likelihood, Mackenzie, that you will spend the rest of your life in prison. That won't be up to me. That will be up to the pearl board and that will be up to you to a great extent. I understand that the pain in this room wants me to impose the harshest sentence, but I don't believe that would be the appropriate sentence because I do believe the McKenzie will not be out in 15 years. >> In the documentary, it says that Mackenzie's appeal was denied. There is a little more context to that that I want to talk about here in just a moment, but let's talk about McKenzie's dad. He works as a teacher at a Catholic school in Cleveland. His name is Steve Sharilla and he teaches art and digital media at Mary Queen of Peace School. This week he was placed on administrative leave because of quote poor judgment. According to local media outlet Cleveland 19 news, Mary Queen of Peace School reportedly sent this following email to parents. Quote, "Dear Mary, Queen of Peace School parents, families, and guardians, we are investigating allegations made on social media that one of our teachers has demonstrated poor judgment. Upon learning of the allegation, the school acted immediately and placed the teacher on administrative leave. The investigation is ongoing. We want every parent and family to know that the safety, well-being, and trust of our students remain among our highest priorities. We take all student concerns seriously and are committed to responding promptly and responsibly whenever concerns are brought forward. While we are limited in what we can share during an active personnel investigation, please know we are reviewing the matter and will provide additional communication as appropriate. We appreciate your continued support of the Mary Queen of Peace school community. Now, McKenzie's dad confirmed to this television station, Cleveland 19 News, that he has been placed on administrative leave. And he also told the TV station that he's upset with the documentary. He's upset with how it was edited, but he also says he still believes that his daughter is innocent. Now, at the end of the documentary, you saw a part where they say that Mackenzie Sherilla's appeal was denied. There's a little more context to how that went down. There are some important dates to remember when it comes to how the trial proceeded for Mackenzie Sharilla. Sharilla was found guilty on August 14th, 2023. She was sentenced on August 21st, 2023. Her attorneys filed an appeal on October 24th, 2024. Her attorneys argued there wasn't enough evidence to prove that McKenzie meant to kill Russo and Flanigan. But then in March of this year, her appeal was rejected and it wasn't based on the facts of the case. It was denied because it was filed too late, just a day after the deadline to submit it. Sharilla and her attorneys have appealed the decision to not let her appeal. One of the arguments was in 2024 it was a leap year, but the courts ruled against that and in March an appeals court said they were not going to let her appeal her verdict. Now again, Mackenzie Sharilla is serving 15 years to life. It is possible that she could be released on parole when she's roughly 34 years old, which would be in 2038. However, again, it is also possible that she spends the rest of her life in prison. That will do it for On the Case presented by Law and Crime. Subscribe to us on YouTube and Spotify, and we're also now streaming on Peacock. I'm Chris Stewart. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LawAndCrime [64 likes]: Download the FREE Upside App at https://upside.app.link/thecase to get an extra 25 cents bonus for every gallon on your first tank of gas.
  2. @cherisedavidson5933 [1 likes]: It’s not just the parents. Those who were actually her friends are problematic too. And her parents. Davion’s parents were the only ones questioning EVERYTHING. As they should have been.
  3. @cherisedavidson5933 [1 likes]: So glad these comments match what I’m thinking. When the documentary talked about her bullying… I said “yeah her parents enable her behavior.” Her parents are definitely part of the blame.
  4. @PraisetheLORD-37 [1 likes]: Y wasn't she handcuffed behind her back like everyone else???!!!  Pampered !!@
  5. @ann_dreaaa [1 likes]: Her parents are the problem.
  6. @J3NN4F1R3: The fact that he had a history of taking the wheel while she was driving to try and make her crash was something they didnt explore enough.
  7. @brookellehoward3116: It’s weird the mother says she has POTS but her mother and father also allow her to smoke. They talk about her being mature for her age letting her be with a guy older than her moving in with him at 17, but then basically state she is a child and made a mistake. Mature people have to take responsibility for their “mistakes”. It’s weird the car was forced into drive and neutral many times…If gas pedal is stuck and keep it in neutral why not gently apply parking brake? Turn the car off completely? Like that car was “stuck”  in high speed for way too long before crashing it’s insane.
  8. @alemswazzu: Mom and Dad explain why she is the way she is. Awful parenting.
  9. @xfhssrturdstj: full context is needed
  10. @fixationinfatuation: Chris is my favourite - HOT 🔥
On a more serious and relevant note this is just tragic. RIP Dom and Davion.
  11. @DevinSeale-n5h: At 13:22 after the officer puts her seatbelt on you can hear a voice saying “she killed us” maybe Dominic’s Rip too both🕊️
  12. @911_Almarri: Is that was a triangle love thing’s??
  13. @tomtoldme: 17:58 is some of the worst acting i've ever seen in my life. The forced gasps etc.
  14. @OnlySheryl1109: What did the father do?
  15. @Grant-e3s: hey mum and dad, welcome to the prisons dept visitor frequent flyer programme, you be a valued member for the rest of your lives.
  16. @Raisyourbrain: This family is literally sick
  17. @Christopher-i2t2v: It's funny in a car crash and take some more than 30 seconds to break open a car window but during a traffic stop they want to get you out of your car to break your window  in 1.1
  18. @arkaie55: No remorse. Just loving the attention. Just like EK lol kidding 🤭
  19. @TrudyArcand-p2s: This evil thing, only cried when she got arrested 😭. She was more worried and crying for her bracelet not to get damaged from the handcuffs. Than crying for killing and taking 2 innocent lives.
  20. @overitall-chilloutyall: Honestly I wouldn't expect any of these parents to act any different!

- One of the most controversial medical procedures in history - Jenell Johnson: Kind: captions Language: en In 1935, neurophysiologist John Farquhar Fulton presented some shocking new research. After removing the frontal lobes of two chimps, he found they no longer experienced frustration or anxiety. As his research associate noted, it was as if they’d joined a “happiness cult.” Admittedly, the surgery had cost Fulton’s chimps some cognitive functions. But to Portuguese neurologist Egas Moniz, this was a small sacrifice for what seemed to be eternal happiness. Moniz believed that replicating this procedure in humans could cure mental illness. And it was this therapeutic intention that led to one of the most controversial and destructive medical treatments of the 20th century: the lobotomy. Today, we know mental illness comes in many forms and emerges for many reasons. But in the early 20th century, these complex conditions weren't clearly delineated, and researchers had various theories about their origins. Moniz believed the symptoms of what we now call depression, OCD, and bipolar disorder stemmed from negative ideas getting fixed in the neural fibers which connect different parts of the brain. Specifically the thalamus and frontal lobes, which regulate emotion and sensation. He proposed that severing these fibers could eliminate the associated conditions, which led him to invent the prefrontal lobotomy. In this procedure, a surgeon would drill into the skull and cut the white matter connecting the prefrontal cortex to the rest of the brain. Initially, his peers were skeptical. Moniz’s fundamental theory was already controversial. And psychiatrists advocating for treatments like psychoanalysis criticized this invasive surgical solution. But Moniz was undeterred. He lobotomized 38 individuals with conditions including anxiety, schizophrenia, and depression. And his hastily written results reported that two-thirds of these patients had become tranquil, amicable, and free from distressing hallucinations. At the time, psychiatrists saw calm behavior as a sign of recovery, so when Moniz brashly declared the treatment a success, his peers agreed. Newspapers celebrated the surgery; Moniz was awarded the Nobel Prize; and his procedure became especially popular in the US thanks to neurologist Walter Freeman and neurosurgeon James Watts. As a country that had institutionalized nearly half a million people for mental health reasons, many hoped the new treatment would allow this population to live relatively normal lives. But from the beginning there were problems. First, the notion of a “normal life” was determined by this period’s restrictive social mores, which had led huge numbers of people to be institutionalized simply because they didn’t conform. So, while many people in these facilities did need medical help, some lobotomy recipients had no mental illness whatsoever. Second, the details and timeline of the surgeries’ results were unpredictable and inconsistent. In 1941, when future US President John F. Kennedy’s sister Rosemary underwent a prefrontal lobotomy, it permanently impaired her ability to speak and walk. And even when the surgery did help patients manage overwhelming emotions and hallucinations, they often experienced significant side effects. These included apathy, abrupt personality changes, and cognitive impairment. Tragically, the stigma around mental illness kept people from discussing their negative experiences, so the procedure kept happening. But prefrontal lobotomies required a team of surgeons and specialized equipment, making them out of reach for most patients. At least until 1945, when Freeman began developing a simpler and cheaper alternative. In his new transorbital lobotomy, the patient was first rendered unconscious via electroshock therapy. Then, an ice pick-like instrument was pushed through the thin bone of their eye socket and manipulated to sever the fibers between the thalamus and frontal lobes. Transorbital lobotomy was intended to be performed by physicians without surgical training in under ten minutes. And Freeman proved his procedure’s efficiency during a hospital visit, where he performed the surgery 228 times in just 12 days. Transorbital lobotomy was immediately controversial. Even Freeman’s long-time collaborator James Watts was against making such a consequential surgery quick, dirty, and accessible to amateurs. But the procedure remained popular throughout the Western world until the 1950s, when tranquilizers began offering a less permanent and more predictable alternative. By the mid-60s, lobotomies were most often found in science fiction and horror films, where they became a potent metaphor for brutally controlling those who don't fit the norm. Today, lobotomy serves as a chilling reminder that scientific progress requires transparency and clear ethical standards. Because without honest reflection, even efforts to alleviate human suffering can cause serious harm.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OpPopopopopo [1 likes]: bring this back for liberals and transgenders
  2. @Pilgrim_Of_The_Pinecone_Trees: I have a Freeman lobotomy kit at home.
  3. @bloomxlab7: 3:21 they literally couldn’t think
  4. @bloomxlab7: 2:42 it’s because nothing makes sense anymore after what they did to their brains in those horrific hospitals 🏥
  5. @thelastsaxtop: This could happen again, either with lobotomies or some other procedure. We need to always keep our eyes on establishments that have power over people, no matter how benevolent they seem now
  6. @FIRE-EDITZ-66J: No more fire in the hole :(
  7. @biki-92-z74: I'm never getting that
  8. @d.b.1176: The best treatment for MAGAts
  9. @adilrawshan: Thank god I'm living in 21st century!
  10. @kikithepupper6774: this is absolutely horrible... just a trule horror in real life.  You wonder why so many Americans mistrust the health system
  11. @SharmilaBhattacharyya-e7z: Shutter Island
  12. @nathanieltsang6112: I felt numb all over…
  13. @robinl4975: I mean, ofc we view lobotomy as a disturbing thing today... But at the time, there were no drugs or other treatments...
  14. @GRIM-6666: society
  15. @topcat5988: What is today’s heinous acts masked as a cure?
  16. @Scorch1028: What many people don’t want to admit is that lobotomies worked.  Lobotomized patients were no longer a threat to themselves or others.  Mental healthcare for everyone would be more affordable today than it currently is, if the people who needed a lobotomy, actually got one.
  17. @ArecArws: In my observation. There is a lot precedence to suggest this is an example of systemic medical violence done by medical scientists with Eurocentric bias through a lack of broader perspective; through their ignorance. Its an outcome without emotional intelligence. They "helped" people by making people close to brain dead. And they didn't think it was wrong because, as doctors, they failed to personalize/humanify their patients as individuals. These doctors essentially did a form of dehumanization. They thought because theyre passive from their active state "they were cured" but truely these doctors were arrogant and naive. They just disabled the patients in another way. Didnt calculate in "who they are" in contrast/comparison to what would constitute their mental illness. They felt no shame when lobomies resulted in some of their patients loss their sapient qualities. Loss of their personality. Loss of their individuality.
  18. @MichaelNewell-r8v: I would rather have a bottle in front of me🎉 then a frontal lobotomy😮😊
  19. @xuanminh8731: It is both fascinating and disturbing to me that such an unethical and unsanitary procedure was once so widely accepted during the 1930s. I was especially stunned when I found out Walter Freeman introduced a method that allowed him to perform 228 “surgeries” in just 12 days. This leads to many patients experienced severe declines in their mental state, and in some cases, people who were once completely healthy were left permanently impaired. This event reflects the deep stigma surrounding mental illness in society at the time, where compliance and calm behavior were often mistaken for recovery, rather than genuinely addressing underlying conditions. After all the research and reflection on this procedure, one question still lingers in me:if Rosemary Kennedy, a member of a prominent and influential family, had not undergone this surgery, would society have continued to accept it?
  20. @hamdaanasimshaukat5686: It's the most extreme case of ignorance harming others.

- Top 10 Most Controversial Video Game Topics: Kind: captions Language: en be careful people get pretty heated about this stuff police engineering news welcome to watchmojo.com and today we'll be counting down our picks for the top ten controversial video game topics many people may rail against the emerging microtransaction trend but in and of itself I don't actually think it's a bad thing for this list we cast our eye on the subjects that generate the most discussion and are newsworthy in a way that affects people in the real world or the way they consume video games we're not saying that any of these topics are right or wrong and we're not taking signs just that people feel really strongly about them haters gonna hate number 10 free-to-play do you want to come in play or play for free now from the AppStore freemium games are everywhere whether it's MOBAs mobile mmo's first-person shooters or even side-scrolling brawlers you can find something to suit you and you don't necessarily need to shell out a penny it seems like a great deal at first games like dirty bomb offer an experience that could rival any triple-a title but the system becomes problematic when the adverts to buy something become too aggressive or buying extra content is the only feasible way to progress through a game games like game of war fire age perhaps go too far towards intrusive marketing but games like punch quest which is awesome by the way aren't profitable due to offering too much free content remember when you thought your new shiny smartphone would revolutionize gaming on the go we'll tell you the answer to that but it'll take 12 hours or 5 green gems let them have their fun you and I will revisit them soon enough number 9 pre-order bonuses it don't order a game early just to make sure you get your copy on release day anymore it's all about those juicy incentives that those who wait to buy a game on an informed decision won't receive they are a great way to potentially get early access to a title or for some unique gifts but they also might entice you into buying a game that could very well be broken or just generally bad so maybe all you've really done by pre-ordering is get in the front of the line to watch the server's crash on launch night publishers generally do it to get sales off to a good start but it could be perceived they are benefiting from the hype that surrounds a release of huge games and trying to profit from a game they might know to be not very good everyone gets to select one reward from each tier as well as the ultimate prize Deus Ex mankind divided release number eight season passes something big LAPD hands up ronk star actually began this trend with la noir in 2011 and now almost every triple a publisher offers all their DLC and extra content in one big bundle unlock all three expansions along with extra VIP benefits with the season pass it certainly takes the pressure away from keeping up with what a game offers after release but the features within these packages can often be ambiguous we're not even revealed four months after it's available for purchase probably the biggest issue here is that it gives gamers the impression often rightly sell that you're cutting your game in half in order to sell it for double the price piece by piece we're still since most companies deficit financed their products many Triple A games are built to depend on the extra cash infusion given to them by their season past DLC meaning that this is quickly becoming an intractable part of the industry as a whole [Music] number seven always-online DRM here let me open the gate this system forces you to always be connected to the Internet and is designed to prevent video game piracy but may end up punishing the majority for the behavior of a law breaking minority it makes sense for multiplayer titles like battlefield and destiny where online multiplayer is the game's main component but with classic franchises like Diablo and SimCity many people never really wanted online play to begin with so sacrificing their single-player experience because the servers are down is understandably infuriating welcome to a clan brother plus at the end of the day evidence on the impact of piracy on the games industry is conflicting making the implementation of such a service contentious at best use whatever tool you want honestly just put them back where you found them other than that knock yourself out number six early access steam does require honesty from developers in the marketing of their games we have removed earth a year twenty sixty six from early access on Steam customers who purchase the game will be able to get a refund on the store page until Monday May 19th this model is often employed by small developers to get financial support for their unfinished game while also having free bug testing and a huge swath of feedback from the people you're trying to please but it's a gamble plain and simple good bogging and run time it's very efficient the stomping land was meant to be a dinosaur themed survival game and received more than 100k in donations but it never came to a full release leaving its supporters out of pocket this inherently risky system can lead to success for nice jars and create big names like the Kerbal space program and arks revival evolved both of which have become huge from very humble beginnings but it's not always great because of the evolving nature of these games some publishers have enraged their supporters with patches and updates that don't jive with the community so next time you see a do not recommend Steam review from someone who has over five hundred and twenty seven hours of gameplay now you know why while earth year 2060 6 may be an example of how the system can be abused early access has also helped to pre-launch many runaway successes like dayz standalone which is racked up 2 million sales during its first 6 months available as part of the program number 5 branded review deals publisher of the game had threatened to pull advertising money it's probably key to note that that's actually not that happens a fair amount in this line of work wow there seems to be no solid evidence for a 1 to 1 pay for good review system in the industry grey areas certainly do exist most publications depend on advertising from big brands to run their business and they also depend on those same companies to give them access to their products so they can create their content how are you gonna do a launched a review if they don't give you the game this wasn't something that was even brought to my attention until I kind of got called into a room to talk about Ratchet and Clank future yeah tools of destruction there was some some concern because there had been some pushback from the publisher with regards to pulling ad money because that review got it I don't actually write the review but I absolutely stood by it so needless to say many of these publications are reluctant to antagonize these companies notable examples of where this goes astray include Jeff Gerstmann firing from GameSpot after a negative review of Kane and Lynch angered I dose while youtuber totalbiscuit blew the whistle on a forced shadow of Mordor brand deal regarding what he could and could not say for some reason we got nothing back outside of one PR company that wanted to do a brand deal and said well yeah we can give it to you early but only if you sign this brand deal which was a paid promotional video basically wow this might not be as shady as most of the comments on IGN articles will have you believe it's still a very real issue facing the industry a lot of youtubers do it they get sponsored to to talk about a game so long as it's disclosed up front with the audience that's fine it's a reality of the business now number four microtransactions MDL see lose all your energy and whoops you can't play the game at all for a few hours unless you pay to do it gone are the days when you could get a full game for a one-off payment of 60 bucks microtransactions in DLC began as a way to ensure steady flow of cash for mobile games but it is slowly trickled into the mainstream products that you already have paid a significant amount for and I'm here to ask you one question and one question only it's clearly one of the only ways that freemium games can ever hope to be profitable but it feels kind of cheeky for EA and other big companies to keep asking you for money Assassin's Creed unity z' item unlocks are pretty much as far as micro payments will go in the game so to be honest it really doesn't seem like a bad thing in my opinion as long as players can still get these items without paying I don't really mind it's often a treat to get a new piece of content for a game you love but when finished features are deliberately held back to go in DLC the concept strays into considerably murky waters everyone agrees that it's fine to pay more to get more but many people feel as if they're paying more upfront just to get less like this monocle here as of the time of this recording that monocle costs $70 I wish I was making that up number 3 the console versus PC debate [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] your face no doubt you've heard about the PC master-race or the ongoing argument between ps4 and Xbox one fans these conflicts may seem superfluous but they represent large subcultures of the gaming community and their points if you should not necessarily be ignored every platform has its pros and cons but the passion with which each faction defends their corner is kind of admirable the pc fans may be a tad more elitist than the other parties but it ultimately boils down to personal preference as to what side of the discussion you fall on Oh while many Triple A games now release with acceptable ports for major consoles and PC some exceptions always seem to slip through the cracks and boy oh boy do people get upset when it's their system that does so ok run on the wind goals or something yeah number 2 violent content blooded murder is making mortal combat the most popular video game in history kids relish their victory and their bloody choice should they pull out their opponents heart or simply rip his head off just to see a spinal cord dangle in a pool of blood it's one of the oldest criticisms levelled at video games and one that persists to this day while there are a handful of instances of violent crimes being linked to playing games there is little evidence that consistent exposure to violent video games will lead to violent criminal behavior he trained on super Columbine massacre ok internet-based game and also postal 2 so the comment didn't find out yeah well not against any theories until they're proven or disproven let's see if this what bears to be true although other forms of media have graphically portrayed violence for years the interactive aspect of gaming and the new ever-evolving nature of the medium makes it a far easier target for such accusations part of this definitely stems from the fact that video games have a huge appeal to younger demographics but then again anyone will tell you that you're supposed to stop children from seeing violent movies in TV why would you not stop them from consuming other forms of violent content to most gamers simply feel like there's an unfair double standard when it comes to violence in their favorite medium before we reveal our top pick let's have a look at some honorable mentions I mean it would have been nice to a one but hey you win some you lose some right well I don't know much about all that but as long as you can fit into that chicken suit the job is yours clear your calendars because call of duty black ops 3 awakening is available on February 2nd first up PlayStation 4 number 1 sexism in gamergate all you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are gonna pay you are the ones who are the ball lickers all you have to do is scroll down to the comment section of any article that even remotely touches on one of these issues and you'll immediately agree that this is the most incendiary topic in the industry today whatever your stance may be you probably know that it's impossible to voice your opinion on this topic without being called a misogynistic bigot or a Lib [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] social justice warrior so if you want to avoid being doxed swatted threatened with rape DDOS'd or simply bombarded with vitriol it may be best to steer clear if after all that you simply must be heard on this matter then prepare to hear what everyone else has to say about it - do you agree with our list just walk it in here no one even asks for you to show up and give your opinion but you did it anyway you prick hey just as my dicks big in yours my dick was biggest last year which video game controversy makes you want to take to the forums and add your flavor to the argument for less controversial toptenz be sure to subscribe to watchmojo.com but guys it's not about dispassionately comparing stats to crown a winner it's about the games

  Top Comments:
  1. @jessiebeck8891 [1 likes]: Overused plotlines in Super Mario games.
  2. @abellewis3062 [1 likes]: I hate online only video games. Enough said.
  3. @PegasusGaming.07: That's pretty much the gaming scenario from the last decade I guess. Nicely pointed out.
I also speak about several gaming topics at the end of my playthroughs on my Channel. 
Although I am microscopic in comparison to a great like WatchMojo, but it would still feel great to be somewhat seen someday
  4. @PandaMonium92827: Microtransactions are putting a price on your patience, literally. If you can hold out for a few hours to recharge, you can enjoy a game on your lunch break for free and come back to it when you get home. I also think it's a good tool for time management, so you don't waste 12 hours playing a game and actually get the dishes done or something. It's all about self control.
  5. @bearpoop720: If what you do in a video game impacts real life as everyone keeps saying GTA does, then I guess Mario makes me wanna commit mass murder and war crimes on innocent turtles, plants, and animals
  6. @CarnoProductions: Spider: Crawls in your room.
Me and the boys: 12:00
  7. @supertna9154: Single player live service games should be number one on this list especially ones with paywalls to get better gear or energy to continue playing
  8. @kennylynch9136: I pre ordered MK11 and didn't get anything extra
  9. @AlphaZeroX96: People who support microtransactions are idiots.
  10. @SkyeRide001: Sooner or later microtransaction would single-handedly cause another video game crash.
  11. @kendoruslink7017: Probably the same parents who buy their five year old Grand Theft Auto then bitch about it
  12. @pronemanatee6861: Pc players: are you pc master race or console 
Me: here’s a better question who cares
  13. @CodfishsIdeaOutlet: It doesn’t matter what you play, as long as you have fun
  14. @f-animeethiopia1659: I am a Gamer But Never Spent a Penny For A Game I Can even get the Pro stuff For Free
  15. @nobodyjustacreep: I don’t feel like all game dlc feels like there cutting a game in half. Like yea some company’s just want to rip you off but some make dlc to add new stuff so you’ll want to play more kinda. Idk just depends on how you look at it I can’t think of many good reasons.
  16. @alextremodelnorte1905: Uhm..... guys....
I hate jews.
  17. @alextremodelnorte1905: I love racism.
  18. @Derkil18: 10:28
Ps4:"Where is your God of War ?"
  19. @sleeplessstudios7626: I thought this was going to be about video games who's stories involve controversial topics like school shootings or WWII.
  20. @jacobsmith640: How is console revisions controversial?

- How does corruption affect you? | Transparency International: Kind: captions Language: en What is corruption? To us it's simple: corruption is the abuse of entrusted power for private gain. Whether it's paying a bribe to access public services like health care and education or whether it's money laundering schemes involving billions and dirty money, what's important is HOW corruption affects YOU, and the cost of corruption can be enormous. Corruption can cost you your livelihood, your rights, your health, your freedom and sometimes even your life. It erodes democratic freedoms, rule of law and trust in government. Corruption also reduces your chances for a healthy environment and sustainable future. When money meant to tackle the climate crisis is stolen, that's your future being taken from you. When money meant to improve your local schools hospitals and roads is snatched away, opportunities for a better life are lost with it. When money meant to improve your government and the rule of law is stolen so too is your chance for a more just and secure future. Every year we lose billions to corruption, billions that were supposed to improve all of our lives, our opportunities and our communities At times the scale of the problem can seem overwhelming but corruption is not inevitable. Together we have the power to stop corruption. Join us!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Milina-u5k [1 likes]: Imagine immigrants do this in Europe 🇪🇺🇺🇲
👉immigrants 🥊✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼🏡
👉killing people in their land and selling their kids👉🏛🚔🪖🫡🎖📺🖕🏻
  2. @gouravgopeyadav [1 likes]: Corruption becomes treason ( crime against the state & humanity) in the Judiciary, Defence, police & Election.
  3. @ChangeLevers: Great to see such an easy to understand video, on such an important subject. I think that corruption is so dangerous. It is corrosive and unseen and deserves a higher awareness of the damage it causes. Many thanks
  4. @Milina-u5k: Whatever they say i know exactly what i do .
Don't worry.  People don't think
  5. @DaOfficialSirKreek: True
  6. @ghalia_02: Bac 2026 🥲
  7. @flowersofthefield340: IRELAND IS TOP BOYS IN THE UNITED NATION
  8. @benzonmanumbaga7571: Stop corruption.
  9. @Kimyannic.offical: Schleswig Hamburg and  Hamburg is the number 1 in corruption.
  10. @Milina-u5k: Media 👉🏼📺🚸🎖🪖🐽👺🤑🩸✨️🏔✨️🇸🇦🤐👉🏼📺🚔🥊👉🏼🪖🚸
  11. @harris.kant.afford: Need NC Mort. Fraud Attorney since carrington mort. using fraudulent meanz 2 seized property.   Phonebooks are obsolete so word from mouth helps…
  12. @Flowing_Aura: Beautiful ❤❤🎉
  13. @jrmurphypoet: Where did Transparency International come from - it just appeared and is definitely run by the Atlas Network - NZ operation is.  They cover up corruption, abuse in care, violence, police violence, police torture of disabled civil rights activists like myself.  Its sick what these people do to brainwash others into believing they combat corruption when they are certainly part of it.  They say New Zealand is one of the least corrupt countries on the planet when in fact it is the white collar crime capital of the OECD, perhaps the world.  They changed the law to make sure corruption wasn't investigated or prosecuted - unless of course you are disabled on welfare and then they terrorise you for small things - like the sickos rich pigs in power truly are.
  14. @jrmurphypoet: CORRPTION IS TRANSPARENCY INTERNATIONAL - a bunch of ruling class bigots covering up abuse in care and corruption.  I had dealings with their New Zealand operation - tried to become a member and my money was returned without any explanation.  Only cERTAIN people get to be part of the organisation - rich ignorant ones who cover up corruption.
  15. @kimlina6309: Permission to use the animation for project po
  16. @Milina-u5k: The real Hamas look diffrent
  17. @Milina-u5k: HAMAS LIARS CLOTHED 
SAUDIA JELOUSY🖕🏻🇸🇦🎖👺🖕🏻
  18. @2gioituoo: UK 🇬🇧 is most Corrupt in the world,  justice and police, it’s shamefully,   No Trust
  19. @rsgjr: Corruption in the Philippines is not an abstract concept. It directly results in poorer quality public services, fewer opportunities for ordinary citizens, a wider gap between rich and poor, and a slower development trajectory for the entire nation.
  20. @BahaaIz: I have seen corruption of national security in Canada .. human degrading that impact individual who start proceeding..

Simcerely .. the  assholes who involved in such aytgorized crimes should be literally skinned and grinded alive .. capital punisbment is for crimianl assholes of the public .. not for authorized assholes and state bastards .. 

Authorized assholes should spend the rest of their damn lives suffer while screaming  ..

 when they involve in human degrading .. they should get blinded paralyzed and degraded to the level where they become "only breathing" ... this is a price tag of power abuse.

All of their nightmares should become their ultimate prolonged harsh reality .. whoever these state bastards are .. together with who has cover .. facilitate them (whether asshole judges or intelligence or whosever).

The classic excuses of corruption of authorities are very easy to made .. when an authorized asshole wants to make a false accusation against a person of the public  .. false accusation can be either sexual issues ... or hacker issues .. or terrorism issues...

Once a authorized assholes  involved in such false accusation .. their terminal hell journey  on earth should commence  till finishing them off literally .. seizing everything they own  ... 

Specially if they are authoritarian crap .. 
 
No problem ..

- The nightmare videos of childrens' YouTube — and what's wrong with the internet today | James Bridle: Kind: captions Language: en I'm James. I'm a writer and artist, and I make work about technology. I do things like draw life-size outlines of military drones in city streets around the world, so that people can start to think and get their heads around these really quite hard-to-see and hard-to-think-about technologies. I make things like neural networks that predict the results of elections based on weather reports, because I'm intrigued about what the actual possibilities of these weird new technologies are. Last year, I built my own self-driving car. But because I don't really trust technology, I also designed a trap for it. (Laughter) And I do these things mostly because I find them completely fascinating, but also because I think when we talk about technology, we're largely talking about ourselves and the way that we understand the world. So here's a story about technology. This is a "surprise egg" video. It's basically a video of someone opening up loads of chocolate eggs and showing the toys inside to the viewer. That's it. That's all it does for seven long minutes. And I want you to notice two things about this. First of all, this video has 30 million views. And the other thing is, it comes from a channel that has 6.3 million subscribers, that has a total of eight billion views, and it's all just more videos like this -- 30 million people watching a guy opening up these eggs. It sounds pretty weird, but if you search for "surprise eggs" on YouTube, it'll tell you there's 10 million of these videos, and I think that's an undercount. I think there's way, way more of these. If you keep searching, they're endless. There's millions and millions of these videos in increasingly baroque combinations of brands and materials, and there's more and more of them being uploaded every single day. Like, this is a strange world. Right? But the thing is, it's not adults who are watching these videos. It's kids, small children. These videos are like crack for little kids. There's something about the repetition, the constant little dopamine hit of the reveal, that completely hooks them in. And little kids watch these videos over and over and over again, and they do it for hours and hours and hours. And if you try and take the screen away from them, they'll scream and scream and scream. If you don't believe me -- and I've already seen people in the audience nodding -- if you don't believe me, find someone with small children and ask them, and they'll know about the surprise egg videos. So this is where we start. It's 2018, and someone, or lots of people, are using the same mechanism that, like, Facebook and Instagram are using to get you to keep checking that app, and they're using it on YouTube to hack the brains of very small children in return for advertising revenue. At least, I hope that's what they're doing. I hope that's what they're doing it for, because there's easier ways of making ad revenue on YouTube. You can just make stuff up or steal stuff. So if you search for really popular kids' cartoons like "Peppa Pig" or "Paw Patrol," you'll find there's millions and millions of these online as well. Of course, most of them aren't posted by the original content creators. They come from loads and loads of different random accounts, and it's impossible to know who's posting them or what their motives might be. Does that sound kind of familiar? Because it's exactly the same mechanism that's happening across most of our digital services, where it's impossible to know where this information is coming from. It's basically fake news for kids, and we're training them from birth to click on the very first link that comes along, regardless of what the source is. That's doesn't seem like a terribly good idea. Here's another thing that's really big on kids' YouTube. This is called the "Finger Family Song." I just heard someone groan in the audience. This is the "Finger Family Song." This is the very first one I could find. It's from 2007, and it only has 200,000 views, which is, like, nothing in this game. But it has this insanely earwormy tune, which I'm not going to play to you, because it will sear itself into your brain in the same way that it seared itself into mine, and I'm not going to do that to you. But like the surprise eggs, it's got inside kids' heads and addicted them to it. So within a few years, these finger family videos start appearing everywhere, and you get versions in different languages with popular kids' cartoons using food or, frankly, using whatever kind of animation elements you seem to have lying around. And once again, there are millions and millions and millions of these videos available online in all of these kind of insane combinations. And the more time you start to spend with them, the crazier and crazier you start to feel that you might be. And that's where I kind of launched into this, that feeling of deep strangeness and deep lack of understanding of how this thing was constructed that seems to be presented around me. Because it's impossible to know where these things are coming from. Like, who is making them? Some of them appear to be made of teams of professional animators. Some of them are just randomly assembled by software. Some of them are quite wholesome-looking young kids' entertainers. And some of them are from people who really clearly shouldn't be around children at all. And once again, this impossibility of figuring out who's making this stuff -- like, this is a bot? Is this a person? Is this a troll? What does it mean that we can't tell the difference between these things anymore? And again, doesn't that uncertainty feel kind of familiar right now? So the main way people get views on their videos -- and remember, views mean money -- is that they stuff the titles of these videos with these popular terms. So you take, like, "surprise eggs" and then you add "Paw Patrol," "Easter egg," or whatever these things are, all of these words from other popular videos into your title, until you end up with this kind of meaningless mash of language that doesn't make sense to humans at all. Because of course it's only really tiny kids who are watching your video, and what the hell do they know? Your real audience for this stuff is software. It's the algorithms. It's the software that YouTube uses to select which videos are like other videos, to make them popular, to make them recommended. And that's why you end up with this kind of completely meaningless mash, both of title and of content. But the thing is, you have to remember, there really are still people within this algorithmically optimized system, people who are kind of increasingly forced to act out these increasingly bizarre combinations of words, like a desperate improvisation artist responding to the combined screams of a million toddlers at once. There are real people trapped within these systems, and that's the other deeply strange thing about this algorithmically driven culture, because even if you're human, you have to end up behaving like a machine just to survive. And also, on the other side of the screen, there still are these little kids watching this stuff, stuck, their full attention grabbed by these weird mechanisms. And most of these kids are too small to even use a website. They're just kind of hammering on the screen with their little hands. And so there's autoplay, where it just keeps playing these videos over and over and over in a loop, endlessly for hours and hours at a time. And there's so much weirdness in the system now that autoplay takes you to some pretty strange places. This is how, within a dozen steps, you can go from a cute video of a counting train to masturbating Mickey Mouse. Yeah. I'm sorry about that. This does get worse. This is what happens when all of these different keywords, all these different pieces of attention, this desperate generation of content, all comes together into a single place. This is where all those deeply weird keywords come home to roost. You cross-breed the finger family video with some live-action superhero stuff, you add in some weird, trollish in-jokes or something, and suddenly, you come to a very weird place indeed. The stuff that tends to upset parents is the stuff that has kind of violent or sexual content, right? Children's cartoons getting assaulted, getting killed, weird pranks that actually genuinely terrify children. What you have is software pulling in all of these different influences to automatically generate kids' worst nightmares. And this stuff really, really does affect small children. Parents report their children being traumatized, becoming afraid of the dark, becoming afraid of their favorite cartoon characters. If you take one thing away from this, it's that if you have small children, keep them the hell away from YouTube. (Applause) But the other thing, the thing that really gets to me about this, is that I'm not sure we even really understand how we got to this point. We've taken all of this influence, all of these things, and munged them together in a way that no one really intended. And yet, this is also the way that we're building the entire world. We're taking all of this data, a lot of it bad data, a lot of historical data full of prejudice, full of all of our worst impulses of history, and we're building that into huge data sets and then we're automating it. And we're munging it together into things like credit reports, into insurance premiums, into things like predictive policing systems, into sentencing guidelines. This is the way we're actually constructing the world today out of this data. And I don't know what's worse, that we built a system that seems to be entirely optimized for the absolute worst aspects of human behavior, or that we seem to have done it by accident, without even realizing that we were doing it, because we didn't really understand the systems that we were building, and we didn't really understand how to do anything differently with it. There's a couple of things I think that really seem to be driving this most fully on YouTube, and the first of those is advertising, which is the monetization of attention without any real other variables at work, any care for the people who are actually developing this content, the centralization of the power, the separation of those things. And I think however you feel about the use of advertising to kind of support stuff, the sight of grown men in diapers rolling around in the sand in the hope that an algorithm that they don't really understand will give them money for it suggests that this probably isn't the thing that we should be basing our society and culture upon, and the way in which we should be funding it. And the other thing that's kind of the major driver of this is automation, which is the deployment of all of this technology as soon as it arrives, without any kind of oversight, and then once it's out there, kind of throwing up our hands and going, "Hey, it's not us, it's the technology." Like, "We're not involved in it." That's not really good enough, because this stuff isn't just algorithmically governed, it's also algorithmically policed. When YouTube first started to pay attention to this, the first thing they said they'd do about it was that they'd deploy better machine learning algorithms to moderate the content. Well, machine learning, as any expert in it will tell you, is basically what we've started to call software that we don't really understand how it works. And I think we have enough of that already. We shouldn't be leaving this stuff up to AI to decide what's appropriate or not, because we know what happens. It'll start censoring other things. It'll start censoring queer content. It'll start censoring legitimate public speech. What's allowed in these discourses, it shouldn't be something that's left up to unaccountable systems. It's part of a discussion all of us should be having. But I'd leave a reminder that the alternative isn't very pleasant, either. YouTube also announced recently that they're going to release a version of their kids' app that would be entirely moderated by humans. Facebook -- Zuckerberg said much the same thing at Congress, when pressed about how they were going to moderate their stuff. He said they'd have humans doing it. And what that really means is, instead of having toddlers being the first person to see this stuff, you're going to have underpaid, precarious contract workers without proper mental health support being damaged by it as well. And I think we can all do quite a lot better than that. The thought, I think, that brings those two things together, really, for me, is agency. It's like, how much do we really understand -- by agency, I mean: how we know how to act in our own best interests. Which -- it's almost impossible to do in these systems that we don't really fully understand. Inequality of power always leads to violence. And we can see inside these systems that inequality of understanding does the same thing. If there's one thing that we can do to start to improve these systems, it's to make them more legible to the people who use them, so that all of us have a common understanding of what's actually going on here. The thing, though, I think most about these systems is that this isn't, as I hope I've explained, really about YouTube. It's about everything. These issues of accountability and agency, of opacity and complexity, of the violence and exploitation that inherently results from the concentration of power in a few hands -- these are much, much larger issues. And they're issues not just of YouTube and not just of technology in general, and they're not even new. They've been with us for ages. But we finally built this system, this global system, the internet, that's actually showing them to us in this extraordinary way, making them undeniable. Technology has this extraordinary capacity to both instantiate and continue all of our most extraordinary, often hidden desires and biases and encoding them into the world, but it also writes them down so that we can see them, so that we can't pretend they don't exist anymore. We need to stop thinking about technology as a solution to all of our problems, but think of it as a guide to what those problems actually are, so we can start thinking about them properly and start to address them. Thank you very much. Thank you. Helen Walters: James, thank you for coming and giving us that talk. So it's interesting: when you think about the films where the robotic overlords take over, it's all a bit more glamorous than what you're describing. But I wonder -- in those films, you have the resistance mounting. Is there a resistance mounting towards this stuff? Do you see any positive signs, green shoots of resistance? James Bridle: I don't know about direct resistance, because I think this stuff is super long-term. I think it's baked into culture in really deep ways. A friend of mine, Eleanor Saitta, always says that any technological problems of sufficient scale and scope are political problems first of all. So all of these things we're working to address within this are not going to be addressed just by building the technology better, but actually by changing the society that's producing these technologies. So no, right now, I think we've got a hell of a long way to go. But as I said, I think by unpacking them, by explaining them, by talking about them super honestly, we can actually start to at least begin that process. HW: And so when you talk about legibility and digital literacy, I find it difficult to imagine that we need to place the burden of digital literacy on users themselves. But whose responsibility is education in this new world? JB: Again, I think this responsibility is kind of up to all of us, that everything we do, everything we build, everything we make, needs to be made in a consensual discussion with everyone who's avoiding it; that we're not building systems intended to trick and surprise people into doing the right thing, but that they're actually involved in every step in educating them, because each of these systems is educational. That's what I'm hopeful about, about even this really grim stuff, that if you can take it and look at it properly, it's actually in itself a piece of education that allows you to start seeing how complex systems come together and work and maybe be able to apply that knowledge elsewhere in the world. HW: James, it's such an important discussion, and I know many people here are really open and prepared to have it, so thanks for starting off our morning. JB: Thanks very much. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @radazitum [1 likes]: 5:14 What Was The Big H Doin There
  2. @honeytwigs [1 likes]: Parents, please refrain from giving your children tablets. They don’t need internet access! If you insist on giving them these devices, don’t allow them to download apps you disapprove of. Instead, get PBS Kids. It’s free, ad-free, and educational. By giving your children internet access, you’re destroying their well-being. Be responsible!
  3. @Zoomoovicevideos [1 likes]: I'm Still Lagging In The Subtitles Like "Pepper Pig" LMAO 🤣🤣🤣
  4. @jordanrubin238: I watched elsagate on the tv.
  5. @almaisaks: The nightmare videos of childrens' YouTube — and what's wrong with the internet today | James Bridle
  6. @Encrxxpted-h4w: In 2026, I am disappointed to say that it has NOT gotten better.
  7. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Bu Ne !!!!!!!!
  8. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Neden !
  9. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Tanrım Bu Adam Neyden Bahsediyor
  10. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Yaptım
  11. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Yaptım
  12. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: OOOOHAAAA
  13. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Ben Arattım
  14. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Yok 💀
  15. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Tamam Görev Tamamlandı !!
  16. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: tamam
  17. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Çaalmaam
  18. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Ama Kardeşlerim Okulda
  19. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: OOOHAA
  20. @EkremBahadr-pw1ih: Denedim..

- Your 2026 Guide to Instagram Engagement | Future-Proofing Your Engagement Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en If you've been wondering how the heck do I increase my Instagram engagement, today's your lucky day. Because today, we're going to break down the four main engagement pillars to increase Instagram engagement. This way, you can future-proof your engagement strategies. As always, timestamps are below. Let's jump in. For clarification, when I refer to Instagram engagement, I'm specifically talking about audience interaction with your content, not growing your followers. We're talking likes, comments, saves, shares, etc. Your growth strategy might look completely different than the engagement strategy that we're going to be talking about today. Pillar number one is connection. Connection is probably the most important pillar because it is Instagram's main focus of their app, to bring you closer to the people and things you love. Even on this article, where Instagram explains how their algorithm or algorithms work, they share that it looks for signals to decide how to rank content. Now, there is lots and lots of different signals, but two key signals that they look at are closeness and your history of interacting with someone. First, let's dive into closeness. Now, what do you think is going to be the easiest way that Instagram will understand that you're close to someone? Talking in the DMs. DMs are your number one engagement engine that you have access to. Like, if I could tell you to do one thing and implement one thing after watching this video, it would be to increase the number of people you're talking to in the DMs. I am all for sliding in the DMs. I mean, that is how me and my husband met. So, DMs, they come in pretty handy. I like to think that the algorithm counts DMs as like a super signal. When you're talking to somebody in the DMs, you are communicating to the algorithm that you're close to that person. So, how do you implement DMing someone and do that organically or not come across as like weird, creepy, or salesy? One way to do this organically is to go to any of your recent posts and then look under the comments. Anyone who has commented on your post and has an active story bubble, I want you to watch their stories and reply to something that they have posted in their stories. This is going to be the most authentic way of starting a conversation and then it's up to you again to keep that conversation going. Now, there are some other ways to increase DM activity. You could use broadcast channels in your stories include a call to action like reply to this story if blah blah blah blah blah. Reply to this story with da da da da da. If you posted your morning coffee, you could say reply to this story with your go-to coffee order or your go-to coffee mix up in the morning. You could build out your close friends. Again, another signal that you're close to someone. When someone comments on your post, you could always reply to their comment via DM for a more in-depth explanation. You could offer freebies via DM keywords like comment, chat, and I'll send you da da da or reply to this story with chat and I'll send you da da da. Again, encouraging conversations happening in DMs. And finally, you could always DM your new followers. This is something that I used to do when I first started growing on Instagram. Anytime a new person would follow me, I would simply send them like a thank you message thanking them for following me and then asking how I could support them or asking them what are some things that they're currently struggling with right now in their creative journey so that I can make a video about it. Now, I'm not saying you need to manually DM every single person who follows you, but it could be a good strategy again to hone in on that closeness signal. So, if that's something that you wanted to do, you could always set up an automation with ManyChat because they have a new tool called the follow-to-DM automation. Basically, this is going to send a direct message to someone immediately after they follow your Instagram account. You could even set up a delay where you send them the DM an hour after they follow you or 24 hours after they follow you. Now, for clarification, this is not like a cold pitch of your offer, like sign up for my coaching or here's a freebie, get on my email list. This isn't a way to like increase sales. This is supposed to be utilized as a tool to create a genuine conversation with somebody who has followed you and a genuine connection. Because the moment somebody follows you, that is the moment they most engaged with you and your content. So, to just jump on that opportunity and connect with that person is going to be such a power move of you standing out among all the other creators they're following. This is an example of the DM that you could send to somebody after they follow you. As you could see, it's just a simple how can I help you on your journey right now and all they have to do is take 60 seconds to fill out a form. Pillar two, conversation. We know that the second signal Instagram looks at when deciding who to show your content to and how to rank your content is your history of interacting with someone. So, if you want your content to reach your followers, you need to be connecting with your followers, okay? So, two ways to carry on conversations on Instagram are DMs and comments. Now, we've already talked about DMs, so let's focus on comments and what sort of engagement strategy you could have there. Because Instagram rewards content that encourages discussion and interaction. How do I know this? Here are two separate videos. Both are on the same topic, same length, filmed in the same location even, but this one got way more views and reach. Why? Why do we think that is? Well, when you look at the stats of the two, there are some strong stats here, but you could see that the standout ratio is the fact that it got 35 times more comments. So, here are two ways to leverage comments. One, reply to every comment on your post. If you got five comments, your response is makes it 10 comments. If you got 10 comments, replies gives it 20. You can easily double engagement by replying to comments. My dog decided to join our video, so she will be on my lap if you see a little head popping up and down. Now, number two, you can simply create content that sparks conversation in the comments. To spark conversation in the comments, you can lean into different video types or simply use call to actions that encourage engagement. Some videos that spark comments are videos like vulnerable storytelling moments. This is showing up raw, authentic, and sharing something about your life. People relate to that raw authenticity and showing that vulnerable side of you definitely encourages more people to share their experience with something you're going through or even send extra encouragement your way. Sharing any life changes, if you're moving, if you're pregnant, any life change is going to definitely increase engagement. If you have a strong opinion about something in your industry or a confession, like I'm somebody that believes toilet paper should roll over, not be under. That's a strong opinion that I have. And some people might disagree, it might be super controversial. So, sharing those strong opinions or controversial opinions can be great ways to spark engagement. You could share a problem that you're currently having and ask for your audience to give input or even a post all about community input saying, "Hey, I'm launching this product, would love your feedback on this, this, this." Like, asking for your audience's opinion is going to invite them to share their opinion. People love sharing their opinions, and when you give them a reason to and a purpose to, they're going to speak their mind. And then, my personal favorite is a value exchange with a DM automation. These are typically the posts where you say, "Comment email pitch and I'll send you my free pitch templates to land brand collaborations." So, that's when you teach something and then you give a call to action for a resource towards that topic. And then we have call to actions for increased engagement. What sort of call to action could you add to your videos to increase engagement? It could be things like save this video for later or send this video to yourself as a reminder. Or you could ask for recommendations. Does anybody have a podcast recommendation about true crime? Let me know in the comments. After you share a story, you could say has anything like this ever happened to you? Love to hear your story in the comments. If you shared tips or advice, you could say something like what more questions do you have on brand collabs? Let me know down in the comments. And a comment keyword for a link to blank. Now, for me, the post that got 35 times more engagement and honestly just any post that gets extra comments and engagement, it's always either a life moment post like when I had a baby, I like didn't announce that I was pregnant and I was just like surprise, we had a baby. So, of course that one popped off. And then the other ones that perform really well for me are a value exchange post layered with a DM automation or a call to action. So, on this post, it wasn't educational post and at the end I used a comment call to action. So, if a person were to comment with a specific keyword, they would then get the main resource for free in exchange for their comment. So, there's a value exchange happening there. Now, to set this up, you would use a DM automation through ManyChat so that anytime somebody comments that keyword, they would automatically get the link to the resource that you promised sent to them. You don't have to go in and do it manually. ManyChat is a tool that I personally have been using and paying for as a loyal customer since 2022, so I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring today's video. Now, after I had the DM automation set up to basically slide in their DMs, you know, that closeness signal, I took it a step further and also set up a secondary automation to reply to every commenter that comments that keyword. This basically is a setup of a snowball effect of comments just continuously rolling on that post, even if I don't have the time to manually reply to every comment. Again, the more comments that are being thrown on that post means that Instagram's just going to push it out to more people. Now, the best part about doing these sort of automations through ManyChat is that their tool is approved by Meta themselves. So, you can set up all of these automations with 100% confidence that it's not going to hurt your reach or engagement. So, if you want to try out ManyChat Pro for free for 30 days, I'll leave a link down in the description below. Use that link with code Modern Millie, and you could start your free trial today. Now, pillar three is going to be retention. Instagram has said that while they do have the top three signals to determine posts' reach, when it comes to reels, the most important for distribution is watch time. If people watch reels longer or stay on your video for longer, you're getting them to stay on the app for longer. So, of course, Instagram's going to love that and show your content to more people. Four ways that you can increase retention are going to be having a solid hook, teasing the ending of your video, creating some sort of series, and maybe even dabbling with some FaceTime content, or using like casual, non-hooky hooks. Let's talk about each of these. The initial hook is going to determine if somebody's going to stay and watch a little bit more of your video. It might not guarantee they'll watch the whole thing, but understanding the hook and leveraging that will at least get somebody to not immediately skip past your video. I do have a video where I break down exactly what goes into a solid hook layering strategy, but basically there's three elements that you want to have on every single one of your videos. That is the text hook, the visual hook, and the audible hook. The text hook is going to be what someone reads to capture attention. The visual hook is what's happening in the actual shot, in the video. Is there movement? Did you spill your water? What is the visual hook that's going to have somebody intrigued or interested? And then the audible hook is like, what is the person hearing that's going to capture their attention? Is it a trending audio? Is it what you say in your voiceover or to the camera? This might sound complicated, but if you're able to plan this out ahead of time before filming, it's going to help the improvement of your video so, so, so much. And I have Again, I have a whole breakdown of how to do this, and even a complete mini course that I'll link below, too, that gives you the tangible, practical research for how to apply this to your niche in your videos. My husband actually used this last week when he was researching some short-form content, and I was like, "Just watch this mini course." And he actually really liked it. Here's screenshots of our texts. Now, we have teasing the ending of your video. Now, this can be as simple as saying, "Now, be sure to stay till the end because the last tip is the one that's going to actually move the needle." You know, you could say things like that. Or something like, "If you're only going to take one thing from this video, it's going to be my final point." We'll get to that in a second. You know, so you could do something like that where you're verbally teasing that outro. If that's too on the nose for you, if you're doing like a storytelling, you could say something like, "Honestly, this was a plot twist that I just did not see coming." Or even with like vlogs or day-in-the-life stuff, if you start with a montage of what's to come, it's teasing what's in the video. Or even if you start with like the biggest moment, let's say you're shopping and you drop a candle in Ross and you break it and it shatters everywhere, and that's like 2 minutes into the vlog, start with the most compelling clip. Again, teasing what's to come. Then you have bingeable content. It could be something like, "Welcome to part one of my becoming a CEO series. I've been loving it." So, it could be something like that. You could do a whole transformation. Welcome to day five of my 30-day gut reset challenge. People love series type of content because they love that whole like start to finish, let me track the progress here, let me binge Oh, I found episode five or reel five came up on my For You page. Let me go back to this person's profile and watch one, two, three, and four. And so, when you commit to, let's say, a 7-day 30-day 75-part series, it's not expecting to go viral on the first one. That's not the intention. It's I'm going to commit to this for however many days it is with the hopes that one of these, if one, just one, outperforms the others, anyone who watches that one is going to binge and that snowball trickle-down effect will start to take place, naturally increasing your engagement. And then we have like the FaceTime style content. This format is something I see a lot of on TikTok and I feel like people are starting to really connect with it on Instagram. I think most of the time people see Instagram as like this aesthetic content platform, but we're starting to see more of it onto Instagram because it feels so personal, unscripted, it's emotionally engaging. You could think like not showing up perfect, messy bun, no makeup, in your natural environment, direct eye contact to the camera, just having a conversation with your best friend. The great thing about FaceTime content is that it feels like you just happened upon the middle of the conversation with somebody or you just like you kind of accidentally fell into somebody's Snapchat or someone's FaceTime to a friend. And the hook could be something like, "Be honest, do you struggle with this, too?" Or "This might be a controversial opinion, but" Now, if you've learned something new so far, be sure to give this video a thumbs up. And if you learned two new things by the end of this video, I'd love if you consider subscribing since it's a simple way to support my channel and it allows me to continue to create free content like this every single week on my YouTube channel. Now, pillar number four is adaptation. Adaptation is something that I've been talking about from the very, very, very beginning of teaching Instagram, and that is to always jump on the new new trends if relevant to your industry, new Instagram features. Anytime Instagram launches a feature, being one of the first adapters is going to give you such a huge advantage. And even new uses of AI and automations. When you're somebody who is fast adapting to any new updates in such a fast-changing industry, it gives you such a huge advantage because it's putting you ahead of the curve compared to everyone else who's choosing not to adapt to new features, trends, AI, tools, resources, you name it. Some tools that you might not be leveraging on Instagram now are broadcast channels, collab posts, trial reels, turning on closed captions on your reels, and not only that, but turning on translations so Instagram's AI can auto translate your reel into other languages, creating a close friends list, and again, any of their AI updates. I feel like when I think of Instagram AI, I think of like their little avatar and you could like, "Oh, you could turn your avatar into this." Or you could upload your photo and it'll change you to this. And so, like, it's silly, but using it, implementing it, practicing it puts you ahead of the curve and ready for any changes that they build on top of it. Plus, that one strategy of adaptation is going to future-proof your Instagram engagement strategy because you are staying ahead of the game every single time. Now, here's the thing. I know Instagram changes every single second, and it seems like every week Mosseri is putting out another announcement like, "Hey, we new a feature. Hey, new this, new that." So, I'm not saying like you have to stay on top of all these things and you need to update this and play that. No, no, no, no. Pick and choose maybe one thing a month that you're going to adapt into your current Instagram strategy. That way it feels more attainable and more realistic for you to keep up with. At the end of the day, you want to think of Instagram as a relationship platform, not just a posting and ghosting platform because Instagram's going to be prioritizing creators who treat their platform as a community instead of just a megaphone and launching random updates. So which of these pillars are you going to start to implementing first? Let me know down in the comments below. And was there anything that I touched on in this video that you'd love to see more of a deep dive on? Cuz I'm taking requests. I'm taking video requests, always. I always am. If you've made it this far, watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lovegamecheat [26 likes]: why so many of the new content creators are actively using platforms such as likesforme to boost their site? its giving an unfair advantage the new accounts like mine.
  2. @MillieAdrian [2 likes]: Thanks for watching! 🥰Get 30 Days Free from ManyChat Pro with code MODERNMILLIE ➡ https://manychat.com/creators?utm_source=influencer&utm_medium=cold&utm_campaign=MordernMillieYT&utm_content=YT
  3. @blkbishop112 [1 likes]: How do I get real people and not bots showing boobs?
  4. @LatinGirl18 [1 likes]: The verbal teasers like ''the last tip is my favorite'' work the opposite way on me. It makes me lose all interest and skip the video fast 😅😂
  5. @money-Dominic: 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
  6. @sarahhashimi1410: Connection
*dms
* watch peoples story and reply (authentic way to start convo)
* broadcast channel
* cult action - reply to this story if they did something key
* close friends 
* freebies via dm keywords
* reply to comments by dm
* dm new followers - thank them, how can i support you?
* set up automation - manychat they text whoever new followed you

Comments
* reply to every comment on uour post
* create content that sparks conversation in the comment (call to action, they type key words and you send them the program)
* storytelling, life changes, strong opinion/confession, problem sharing, 

Retention
* solid hook - leveraging hoook = watch time on your video (text, audible, visual hook)
* teasing end of your video - stay tune for the end of the video because you get this, if you take one thing from this video its the last point (verbal tease), vlog - montage of whats going to happen, start with the most compelling clip
* binge content - day 1 of doing ___, looking at progress, parts of story, comitting to it and then one will go viral
* facetime style content - emotionally engaging, real, relatable (do you struggle with this too)

Adaptation
* always jump on the new (trends, new instagram feature, new uses of ai/automation)
* puts you ahead cause you adapted to the new tools
* broadcast channel, trial reels, turning on captions & translation, close friends list

*think of instagram as a relationship platform = connecting
* instagram priortizes those who treat their platform like a community
  7. @VivirEnPalmBeach: Thanks.  Never knew how reel distribution worked; you've given me homework.  Thanks.
  8. @Happy-olive: As someone who shows up on instgram as a 'real' person, real skin, real results type (works great for brand deals because they want it to look less like an ad) It feels weird to do the auto DM/ comment keyword dms - because its clear its not really me, and it feels like im selling them stuff. Its really annoying that IG doesnt care about followers at all - theyre who im making the content for after all. Its great to know and understand the way IG is working though, rewally appreciate this video
  9. @crescitaly: The DM-as-super-signal point is underrated. I started replying to 2 stories from commenters every morning as a habit and my reach on the next post literally doubled within a week. The algorithm clearly weights closeness heavier than any hashtag strategy people still obsess over. Connection > reach hacks, every time.
  10. @BestShoppingStore24: It is a full time job to stick just with the DMs and what about all the other things we need to do and are more important like making really good content? I noticed many accounts that have 0 following and millions of followers they don't even respond to comments. What about their strategies? How did they made it without the connection part? I have an account where I started communicating but it is very time consuming to respond to everyone's DM and comments and you still get stuck to 4-5k followers, nothing explodes in views and engagement although my content is relatively good and has engagement from my followers.
  11. @Chandanjani-i6x: the DM pillar finally clicked for me. i keep treating comments like the main metric, but my actual sales convos are all in DMs. also using Gainsty on the side.
  12. @AIGENERATED-FOR: i had no idea engagement was changing like this
  13. @JohannesLopes-c8j: this is super helpful for my next post
  14. @Multipotentialite-1121: lol I got a paper towel ad right after you mentioned the toilet paper direction 😂
  15. @Alsielle: Thank you ,I will start with the DMs and comments. 😊
  16. @ParallaxPodcast_PP: Great video.
  17. @marialououtfits: 100%
  18. @dontmissmyplate: Thank you! Finally on Manychat
  19. @tatiananeasha_: This was so informative Millie! Thank you so much ❤
  20. @majmoat-assibagha: i love how simple you made it all

- 5 EASY ways to DOUBLE your engagement on social media | 2026 STRATEGIES | Instagram YouTube & TikTok: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that in just 1 week, you can completely change your engagement on social media? That's exactly what I'm telling you today. If you complete these five tasks that I'm about to break down, you will see a peak in your social media engagement. Trust me. By the way, this video is sponsored by PicsArt, more on them later. All right, so the first thing I'm going to ask you to do, I'm actually going to start by ruffling some feathers here. Do you guys remember engagement routines? If you subscribe to this channel for a while, then you probably do. Back in the day, creators used to do these engagement routines where we would spend hours every single day engaging with content from all over the internet as a way to try and grow our channels. Now, engagement routines are very much obsolete. However, dedicating time to engage with your audience is not. That is still a valuable thing that you should do on social media, which is why the first thing I'm going to ask you to do is to put aside 30 minutes six out of the seven days this week to engage with your audience. If you're wondering why I'm saying six out of the seven days, don't worry, in the next action all become clear. Now, I bet you're thinking, okay, well, if engagement routines don't work, then why are you asking me to engage with people? It's because we're not trying to engage with people for the purpose of growing, we're trying to engage with our audience for the purpose of strengthening our relationship with our community. That is an incredibly valuable thing that all creators should be doing. I do know that most creators don't do that though. Like, I'll put my hands up. Mojo just lick Do you see how much she's licking me? My god, she must like the body cream I've got on today. I will put my hand up and be the first to admit that when things are really, really busy, I struggle to keep up with comments and DMs. Like, it happens. Which is why for this week only, I want you to challenge yourself to spend 30 minutes per day for six out of the seven days per week to sifting through your comments, sifting through your DMs, and responding to them using tone matching. Tone matching is essentially when you respond to a message in the same tone that that message was written in. Let me give you a really obvious example. Let's say someone writes you a really long lovely message where they're sharing an experience that they had in relation to your content. They're talking about how much you've helped them and it's this beautifully worded message. Instead of responding with thanks and like an emoji, you respond by matching their tone. So, maybe your response is a little bit longer than it normally is. What am I Is it the cocoa bar? Like, what's going on, babe? Maybe you respond by sharing your own story. The point is is that your response should look somewhat similar in tone and length to the comment that you have responded to. And that also goes for comments that were really short and just one emoji. You can therefore respond with a short comment and just one emoji, too. Do you see what I mean? Now, tone matching is something that often takes more time when it comes to engaging, which is why I'm only challenging yourself to do it this week. And I want you to see the impact it has on your bond with your community, but also on your overall engagement by the end of the week. All right, so the next thing I'm going to want you to do is to jump on a trending topic, but not in the way that you think. Now, I need to make something very clear. This task is not about hopping on any old trend. This is not what we're talking about. We're actually talking about trending topics, which is different to like trending content that you see go viral online. A trending topic is a subject or a theme that your audience are currently talking about. For example, in my niche, there was a time when everyone was talking about Alex Earl because she did this interview with a publication where she was talking about she structures her brand deals. If you missed it, she essentially said that when she works with brands, not only does she get paid, but she also negotiates a percentage of their company. Very, very smart, right? A lot of people in my industry were talking about this at the time because it was a trending topic, and therefore I commented on it and I shared the article in one of my carousels. So, this tip is about doing some research to figure out what topics are trending within your niche or within your audience, right? And talking about those topics, commenting on those topics, opening a dialogue on those topics. And that basically means like asking your audience about those topics, asking them what they think about it, right? Because it's trending and because people are already interested in it, it is far more likely to peak your engagement and to massively increase the amount of comments that you receive on your content. You might be wondering, okay, but how do I find these trending topics? Let me show you a quick way of finding them. Okay, we are currently using one of my favorite resources, which is called Google Trends. The way you get to it is by visiting trends.google.com. I will put a link in the description. I love using this because it's essentially a tool for figuring out what people are searching for on Google at any given time related to any given topic anywhere in the world, right? And it literally uses Google's data and therefore also YouTube's data because they're both owned by the same parent company to tell you what people are actually searching for. So, this is like first-party data, right? There's a few different ways you can use Google Trends. You can either type in your own keyword, let's say fashion, in here to do with the type of content that you might create, and it will show you the interest in your keyword over time. And if you scroll to the bottom, it's going to show you search queries, related topics, which should hopefully give you some inspiration as to what your audience are talking about. Or, you can go to the trending now section, which basically flips that process on its head and instead it tells you what people are searching for and what people are interested in first, and then you can sort through the results to try and find the keywords that are related to you and your content. So, right now it's very generic, a lot of people talking about the iPhone Air. Is that an actual thing? I mean, it looks like it is. So, what you want to do to make sure that these keywords are relevant to you is you might want to change the location, you might want to change it to the last seven days rather than just 48 hours. You can pick a category, so maybe it's beauty and fashion. You can even filter it so it's only active trends. And here, if you do all of this, you're going to find a couple of keywords. Mitchum deodorant, I don't know what this is, but I'm sure someone who's into fashion will tell me. I don't know why Mitchum deodorant is trending. If you go ahead and click on it, it's going to tell you why and it's going to do that by sharing a bunch of different articles that are related to that keyword. So, here you can see that Mitchum has had to apologize because oh, no, Mitchum's leaving people with itchy, burning armpits. Mitchum. And there you go. If that was something that you think your audience would be interested in, you now have a trending topic that you can open a dialogue with and be like, guys, have you heard about Mitchum deodorant? Like, what are your thoughts on it? What are your favorite deodorant brands? Do you see where I'm getting at? It's not the most glamorous example, but you get what I mean. Now, I know I said that I was only going to task you to do five things before the end of the week, but I do want to share a bonus task for you. So, these are the people who really want to take their social seriously. Now, this tip is primarily about your photo content, and the reason why is because photos across the board, whether you're a TikToker or an Instagrammer, even on YouTube because we have a community tab where you can share photos, photos are amazing for getting engagement with your audience. A lot of algorithms actually prioritize sharing your photos with your existing audience, which usually means that you end up getting a lot more engagement, right? So, if you want to focus on sharing more photos as part of your overall social media strategy, I want you to follow these tips to really level up your photos with ease. The way that you're going to do this is by using the AI photo editing tools available to you inside PicsArt. If you're not familiar with PicsArt already, it's an all-in-one creative platform with a wide selection of free AI design tools. So, let me show you a quick demonstration on how you can use PicsArt to do this. When I say with ease, I know I already said with ease, but like, genuinely one of the easiest things you can do. So, I am working on a new post for my Instagram where I do this doom scroll series where basically I share different articles that creators or business owners should read instead of doom scrolling. I actually got the idea from another creator who does it on the fashion industry. I'll link to her channel below. So, here's a photo that I'm probably going to use for the lead carousel, right? So, to improve the look of this photo, all I need to do is click on AI enhance. And here, what it's basically going to do is fix the details, reduce the blur, add in pixels, and also improve the overall resolution with just one click. So, it's not like I have to fuss about with each individual section to get it to the best possible outcome. It's just going to use AI to detect what this photo needs and it's just going to immediately fix it for me. Okay, so here we go. It's showing the before and after. So, this is the before. And this is the after. Can you see the improvements in that photo? And that was literally one click, took like 5 seconds. Now, in addition to these tools, PicsArt also has over 25 additional AI tools, which allows you to enhance your content and also apply some really cool creative effects. So, if you want a quick way to enhance the photos that you're sharing on social media, I really recommend that you get started with PicsArt and specifically you start using the AI enhancement tool. And if you generally just want access to all of their additional AI tools cuz there's a lot and they're incredibly powerful, then you're just going to want to sign up to PicsArt anyway. I'll of course put the link in my description so you can get started with PicsArt today. All right, so the next thing I want you to do before the end of the week, which is technically a third action because the last action was a bonus action, so we're only on number three, is I want you to take a day off from social media. I know that probably sounds so counterproductive, but just trust me here. I'm willing to bet that you probably haven't taken a full day off of social media for a while. And when I say day off, I don't mean a day off just from posting, although that is included. I'm talking about a day off from social media completely. Like, I don't want you to open up the apps on your phone. I don't want you to consume social media content and I don't want you to share social media content. This, side note, is why I said that I want you to dedicate 30 minutes to engaging with your audience six out of the seven days this week rather than the full seven days because I knew that one of those days I didn't want you to be on social media at all. The reason why I want you to try this is because when you take a step back from social media, it can often spark a new wave of creativity. That short break can have you coming back refreshed, rejuvenated, excited, motivated, and that will just flow through to any future content that you create. And as I said, if you haven't taken a full day off of social media as a consumer or as a creator in a long time, then I want you to do this purely as a test and learn activity. I want you to see if taking a day off does spark a new wave of creativity for you because if it does, you can now keep that tactic in your back pocket the next time you're struggling with motivation or you're struggling with creativity. You know that taking a day off will actually help you with that problem. All right, the next thing I want you to do is to repurpose some content, specifically high-performing content, and I want you to repurpose it tactically. What do you mean? Now, I've said a bunch of words there that might not make complete sense upon initial listen. But what I'm basically saying is I want you to go through your previous content that you've shared on your chosen social media channel. I want you to find the content that has received the best engagement. You should be able to do this by looking at your analytics on your chosen channel, right? So, we're looking for content that has received the most likes, comments, shares, any of those common engagement metrics. Which post have you shared within the last 6 months that has outperformed the others when it comes to engagement? I then want you to repurpose this post in a tactical way. And by that I mean, I want you to identify a part of that post that you want to carry into a new piece of content. For some of you, you might have found a reel or a video and thought, "Well, the whole video is great. I'm just going to take what I said in that video and turn it into a carousel, right?" Maybe it's a story that you shared in a video and you're just going to tell the story over a series of carousels and photos instead. Amazing. For others, it might be like, "Okay, it was actually the hook of that video that was really, really engaging." So, maybe you want to replicate that hook, have a similar style, but do it for a different video or a different topic next. Identify an element of that post that performed really well for you in terms of engagement in the past and take that through into the next one, two, three, four, five, I'm just saying numbers now, future posts that you create. By doing this, you are saving time because you're no longer reinventing the wheel every single time you want to create a new post, but also you're being really tactical because you're borrowing something from a post that you already know performed well and bringing it into a new one, therefore increasing the chances of that new post also performing well for you. Okay, fifth and final thing that I want you to do this week, once you've done all this, you can take a day off, you can relax, I'm super, super proud of you. This one's a pretty big one though. I want you to go live before the end of the week. I know, why would I ask you of such a thing? Look, going live is one of the most effective ways that you can strengthen your bond with your community. It really, really is. The reason why is because lives are the only way for you to have real-time conversations with your audience. You can tell me that you're in your DMs and you have conversations all day long. It's not real-time. Real-time communication with your audience can only happen on a live. So, the fact that people are able to ask questions, speak to you, and you're able to respond immediately. Have you ever joined a live and done that with a creator before? Like ask some questions? Cuz if you have, you'll know the feeling. Even if you haven't, but you've joined a live and you've seen a creator respond to comments or questions, even just being near that level of instant communication makes you feel more connected to that creator, right? We want our audience to have the same feeling with you. And with me, because I actually do have a few different lives on my YouTube channel scheduled throughout the rest of the year. So, if you ever want to join one of my lives, they'll just be like informal Q&As where you can ask me anything about myself or about the creator economy, about marketing, business, whatever. I will be doing those every few months and you'll be able to see them on my YouTube channel when they're scheduled. So, this is me putting my money where my mouth is. I'm not just going to tell you guys to do this and be like, "Do as I say, not as I do." No, I'm actually doing this, too, right? Now, I know I technically gave you six things to do and I'm kind of about to give you a seventh, but this is a quick one. I want you to watch this video next. It's all about hooks and specifically the ultimate formula for creating hooks in your content that actually work. Do not forget that if you want to get started using PicsArt's AI tools to enhance your content, you can head to the link in my description. Thank you so much for watching. As always, I can't wait to see you in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JadeBeason: Unlock for your FREE 6 month growth plan with this quiz: https://www.thecreatorproject.com/growthplan. I hope you find your results useful!
  2. @zuncivimetg: Love the tip about optimizing captions for engagement—it’s something I always overlook! Do you think shorter captions with a direct call-to-action work better, or is there still a place for longer storytelling-style captions on Instagram?
  3. @zuncivimetg: Love the tip about using interactive stories to boost engagement—I've started doing polls and Q&A on Instagram, and it’s a game changer for connecting with my audience. Quick question: do you think carousel posts are still as effective as they used to be, or are videos taking over completely?
  4. @OlorunnisolaMarvellous: Thank you thank you thank you for this wonderful video is the pics art a free version ?
  5. @jenniferhernandez-sandoval1284: MITCHUM IS MY FAVORITE DEODORANT 😔 it has worked better than any other deodorant i’ve tried and i’ve tried a lot. plus no itchiness for me however i will do my research on those other allegations
  6. @VitalityHacksyt: yes so super
  7. @DavidMiracleDanielofficial-j1b: lowkey excited to try these out
  8. @PowerXD54: i needed these tips for my tiktok
  9. @Iamturtle-goat: just what i was looking for, appreciate it
  10. @BooksReview-rz9gv: I've been using Rumora to enhance my brand's engagement and it's been a fantastic tool for automated commenting.
  11. @IqraGhani-r8s: def gonna try these out on my posts
  12. @railwayvibewith.by-Rohit: these tips are super helpful, thanks jade
  13. @MORTYS_25RANG: i was lost on engagement lol
  14. @MagicalTalesBetty: pretty cool advice, appreciate it 🙌
  15. @troissyllabesofficiel: The mention of trends really clicked for me. Rumora's been great for automating my brand's presence on trending videos.
  16. @Tahir_Hazzan: this is exactly what i needed rn
  17. @Mudassirmalik-os6cv: never thought of it this way 🤔
  18. @amirali9330: i always struggle with engagement lol
  19. @GMING-j9e: Repurposing high-performing content is key, and Rumora helps me get the most out of it by keeping my brand in the conversation.
  20. @Cristiano-Ronaldo1-m7y: so many good tips i can try

- HOW TO Organically Increase Facebook Engagement & Reach 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to organically grow your Facebook following in 2026, but just not sure how, this is the video for you. In 2025, I gained over 1 million followers and tens of thousands of ad revenue across all my businesses. And what I'm going to do is break down the exact methods that I used. Take one of my businesses, Dance.fit. Over the last 90 days, the account has gained over 44,000 new subscribers and 1,600 in ad revenue. Here is a breakdown of exactly how you can do the same and the exact methods I used. So, first and foremost, we need to talk about content. You used to be able to get away with good content. However, things have drastically changed over the last few years, and now it has to be great content. There's several areas to this which I'm going to go through, and I've made a few notes so I can basically describe it in a lot more detail for you. Normally we have three metrics of good content and what makes it good in Facebook's eyes. So first we have retention. So retention is the amount of time and length of time that someone will watch that video and then retain them via that video. The next metric is engagement. Now engagement is someone who likes or comments within that post. So, if you're getting a post that's got a lot of comments and a lot of likes to it, that's got great engagement. And last, not but least, we have sharability. Now, for me, this is probably the most useful metric that you can target. The reason for it is that Facebook absolutely loves content that's shared. And the reason for it is that if I see a real for instance and I I share that I normally share it with a couple of friends then them couple of friends are coming back to Facebook to view that video. So that's why Facebook love it so much. It's getting other people to come to the platform and when you start tsing that by thousands and millions it becomes a lot. So sharability make sure that that's one of the main factors. Now obviously you know them three factors but how do you actually make content that actually creates them three engaging factors. So let's look at them three factors. So first of all we've got retention. Now with retention the easiest way to think about this is if you have a minute long reel someone's got to watch that the whole way through for a minute which is a lot of commitment. What you got to bear in mind is when someone is on Facebook, they're scrolling against their feed and they suddenly land on one of your reels. Now, don't get me wrong, normally it's something that they're interested in because Facebook's algorithm is really good. But if it isn't or if it's something that's just stopped them, you've got to make them watch that full minute. So, the best way, and the way that I've grown the account I mentioned, dance.fit, to where it is now, is make shorter videos. So, if you have a video that's say 6 to 7 seconds long or upwards of 10, it's a lot easy for someone to view all that video. The other interesting thing is if you have a video that's 6 to 7 seconds, normally what happens is because it's so short, they end up watching it again. So, you're getting like double retention on that video. So, it's really important that factor. So typically, and you can't always do this, but a lot of videos that I'll put out there are under 10 seconds for that very reason. It gets really good retention rates. So next up, we have engagement. So there's various things that you can do for engagement to increase the overall people that make comments and like your content. Normally the easiest method is giving something away for free. Um, you'll see this a lot with tools like ManyHat. And what happens is you'll basically give away a free PDF or you'll give away um you know, for instance, we do this and we do like recipe packs or a 7-day email challenge. And if someone comments, it automatically chases um that person to get their email address and and uh things like that. So, what that's really good for is in order for them to get that free asset, they have to make a comment or they have to like. So that's really useful to get engagement on a post. The other thing that you can do as well which is really useful is you can link to an article whether that be on a website or another website and in the actual description you can put see first comment and by doing that they have to go into the comment section and start reading. Normally it gets them to engage as well. So that's one typical method of creating engagement that isn't just someone acting. The other great method that I tend to use when I want to create engagement is I'll just ask a question. It's as simple as that. So, you know, for instance, we did a post over December and it was asking what their favorite Christmas song is. It just create high engagement because people wanted to actually interact with that account. Now, obviously, it doesn't work all the time and you've got to think about outside the box with these types of things, but just asking simple questions sometimes can boost engagement on what you're putting out there. And last, but not least, we've got sharability. Now, this is the most difficult one because you got to really think about the content that you're creating. In order for someone to share your content, it's normally got to tick one of the following boxes. So, the first one is, is the content funny? People love to share funny content. It's probably the most things that I receive within my inbox. Second of all, does it warm the heart? Does it touch some sensitive side? Um, think about a family reunion. that type of content is normally really sharable or content adds value to something. So there your three normal metrics that actually normally get something sharable. But don't forget that valuebased content has to be really valuable. It can't just be surface level. You have to go deep down. So if we're talking about Facebook growth for instance, then give them an actionable tip that is useful. Don't just talk surface level about what you can achieve. give them something that they can actually do and then that will be shared amongst other people. Next we have consistency. Now I know you will have heard so much this is a buzzword that's been going around for so many years but it's so so true and it's more relevant today than it ever has been. Now when we talk about all platforms, Facebook in particular is a very difficult platform to get organic reach for is one of the oldest and because of that it makes it really difficult because there's so many people also on the platform. So consistency is key here. Now I like to think of this in two ways. So if you can consistently make great content do so. If you can't do less. I always use the principle of if I can only make three reels per week that are really great, then that's fine. I will put that out there. If I can make three and then two that aren't great, they're just okay. I'll keep to the three. Now, obviously, Facebook want you to post daily. All of their their efforts are getting people to use the platform so that people will then spend ad revenue with them. So, think of it like that. Are you creating content that people are staying engaged with? And because you're doing that, Facebook will reward you for it. Now, all your platforms are like that. Whether it's Tik Tok, Instagram, Facebook, every single one is exactly the same. However, Facebook obviously obviously we're talking about it. It wants you to post daily. But like I say, for me, consistency only works if you create great content. So, as long as you're creating great content, I would be happy with me personally doing three to four posts per week that are great because they are going to get shared. They are going to get engagement and they are going to get long watch time. Now, next up, we have the type of content you should be posting. And for me, there's only one option, and that's reals. I have tried and tested so many different methods of content, whether it be image, text, or reals. And for me, the way to organically grow on Facebook and the one that's proved time and time again, the So, if you really want to grow in 2026, you have to be making high quality reels. So, I know what some of you might be saying here right now is how can I create highquality reels when I don't like being on camera or I am not very creative. There's ways of doing this. Now, obviously, it is better if you if you're the face of the business and you want to basically promote your business, then yes, talking head videos, you getting out there, that is number one priority. However, it's not the only solution. So, what I tend to tell a lot of people if they're shy of getting in front of camera or they're not very creative, they can't create reals themselves, is you can do a little trick with um textbased image and that will make reals for you. So, let me give you an example. So, what you can do is you could open Cat Cut for instance. You could use an image, any kind of image. It doesn't really matter as long as it's relevant to the subject that your business is in, and simply put text over that image. Make it five to six seconds long and then upload that as a video. It will upload that as a real because you've basically used an image with text over and because it's on Cap Cut, you've exported as a video. So, it will automatically think it's a real. Again, you could just upload that as an image, but by doing it as a real and doing what I've just said will help the organic growth for quite a few reasons. Like I say, if it's 5 to 6 seconds, like I mentioned previously, people will watch that and tend to watch it again because they didn't quite get it within that 5 to 6 seconds. So, you'll get that retention by doing it that that way. I always like as well to use music from the library of Facebook and then match that with what I'm trying to promote as well. Um you can use trending sounds for instance. Um that seems to work really well. Quite a lot of videos that I managed to get 2 3 million views on have all been from tapping into trending tap. Now if you're not sure about reals and you're sitting there thinking to yourselves, I cannot do this because I don't like being in front of camera. I'm not very creative. You can drop this down to a base level. That's very, very easy. So, if you just start by doing this, so if you open Cat Cut for instance, or download it if you haven't got it, just use an image that's relevant to the subject that you want to get found for. Put some text over that image and then make it five to six seconds long. Export that as a video and then you can upload that to Facebook and it will automatically think it's a real because technically it is. If you make it 5 to 6 seconds, like I say, typically what happens is they rewatch that video. So, basically, you're hitting the other points that I've mentioned. Now, obviously, it's not great content, but it's a starting point. Not everyone is at the same level. So, if you're if you're just starting out, I normally suggest to people start with that. It's easy. It normally gets some traction and at least it allows you to build upon that. Also, as well, another little tip that I normally do is if you come across some trending sounds on Facebook and attach that to one of them reels, it normally increases the engagement and the boost to of your visibility. Now, I've had a few videos that have popped off to like 3 4 million over the last 12 months, and it's just by doing that exact method. Um, nothing nothing other than that. So, it can work. It's not the best types of content, but at least it gets you started. Now, next we have boosting posts. You will have heard very conflicting things about this on the internet. Should I boost my post? Should I pay for exposure? There's a big group that say yes, and there's a big group that say no. I actually live in the middle here. I've had plenty of accounts that just struggled in the early days due to their niches not being as attractive as others and I have helped them along the way with running small ad campaigns boosting engagement and it does work. It does work. I don't believe that that should be your long-term plan because a it becomes very expensive, but also as well, you are always going to pay for the privilege of it rather than you organically getting found. But if you're a brand new account and you really want to boost exposure, I would boost a couple of posts that have done well. Um, you need to make sure that you're not just boosting something that has had zero engagement. I would boost something on a low amount, say upward to $50, and as long as you purely pick engagement, it can increase the amount of likes that come to your page. Now, you have to target the people, right? So, please make sure that when you're doing that, you're not targeting people that are not going to be potential customers because at the end of the day, what's the point? So, you know, if you if your product or service or business only caters for women, just target women, for instance. Like, there's no point of opening up to men. Or if you just deal with the UK, for instance, don't go targeting the rest of the world. Like, at the end of the day, this is to boost your overall um engagement for your account. So, you want the relevant people there that actually are going to continue to like and engage and view your previous and future posts. Now, finally, I have a little hidden gem for you. Now, this has been really, really successful for some of my businesses that have just really struggled for one reason or another. You have two different types of content normally. And entertainmentbased content, which a few of my businesses are around, do really really well naturally. Other more business related channels that I operate and I run, they are more difficult. So things like boosting the post etc. do play a part. Now there's another little trick which I want to go into which has proved really really um really good for me. What it basically entails is engaging with other bigger pages. So here's an example of it. I have got a business within the AI sector and obviously the amount of stuff on AI is just unreal at the minute and rightly so because it's a big big subject but there's quite a lot of big companies that are discussing this that are in the news and what you can do is tap into that so for example my product is an AI related product I then can go and I do this there's always new subjects that come up pretty much daily and the bigger companies end up sharing them. So what I do is I read and I digest one of the articles. I'll make a comment regarding that and then I will look on the other bigger websites for their channels and then I'll go into their pages and I will comment on when they've shared that article cuz more than often they they do my me sharing my comment on there. What normally happens and you have to be the fastest finger first with this really other people will then engage with you and also then click on you and then see what your page is about. This works really really well. You end up getting around 10 to 15 new followers per day doing this method if you're interacting with the right type of accounts. Now, there's the zero point of you talking about a subject page that's completely not relevant. What you got to think about is the page has to be relevant to what your business or what you're talking about. Otherwise, it just doesn't work because the audience isn't the same. You know, if if I'm talking about the dance business, for instance, the one I I showed you right at the beginning, and then what I do is I go on to a techbased page and start commenting on that, it's completely not relevant. But if I go to a dancebased page and then comment, that then creates a lot of engagement and then they go to my page and then they become followers. So, I hope that makes sense to you. If you want to take this a step further, which I highly recommend, you want to open a public group alongside your page. Now, this is really effective for a couple of reasons. A, there's a little option that you can tag on. And what that does is it will automatically invite people when they've followed your page. Now, this is really useful a because it's building up a group alongside your page for free. It's not doing anything. You're not doing any extra work. But the major thing here is within a group, you can basically tag and mention the whole entire group. You've got no restrictions. So if you put a new post out there, you can basically reach the entire group on your page. You are limited. Now with a group, you can tag all members within that group once a day. So there's no limitations from day one. With a Facebook page, however, you can only tag all members when you've reached 20,000. So, you're capped until you reach that point. So, if you're starting a brand new account or you're just trying to scale from a low amount, you're limited. But with the group, you can tag every single member. So, it's really easy to get that cross engagement onto your page within your group. So, I highly recommend this. This is a really great way for fast growth within your Facebook page. Now, if you found this video useful, what you need to do is check out this next video where I break down three of my top performing videos over the last 6 months, which all have millions of views. I'm going to show you exactly how I achieved it, why it achieved it, and the ad revenue that they achieved as well. So go check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @2lovebeer [9 likes]: Where's the link to your Facebook page where you got over 1 million followers?
  2. @HobbyNostalgia [6 likes]: I don't believe videos shorter then 10 seconds are monetizable.
  3. @Icemanmodeler [4 likes]: All these platforms are garbage!
  4. @IcLib-vn [2 likes]: Regarding "borrow retention from big pages", should I use my page or my profile to comment on those pages?
  5. @SinaloSibanga-o9h [1 likes]: I am digital Creator and i need help me on Facebook people don't like my posts and don't like my profile picture
  6. @AllBrightColors [1 likes]: FYI if you are in the monetization program on Facebook, you reels have to be a MINIMUM of 10 seconds to be eligible for monetization. STories a minimum of 5 seconds. 5 second minimum watch time for Reels.
  7. @matejgajer [1 likes]: I posting 2 videos per day per page and im scaling with more pages , im posting 8 videos per day every day  , im dooing organic marketing for product and working the best ..grow is more quicker than just 3 post per week per page that's nothing if you do some serious stuff and know how to monetise platforms
  8. @BibleTVAnimations [1 likes]: bro im staring from zero do  i just start posting reels?
  9. @chidera_miracle [1 likes]: Very useful.

Thanks!
  10. @TheVlad69: fb bans my accounts for sharing daily
  11. @leoborros: Hes full. Of shit
  12. @GuyBeats: How do I reach 125k views consistently
  13. @sofianealem1591: C'est très intéressant ce que vous dîtes monsieur
  14. @tochooseornottochoose: Thanks.
  15. @ChristineChrisMcNulty: Greetings sir i run a Facebook group at firs i was get 100 to 200 followers per day on my Facebook group but since some to now i hardly get 5 followers per day what should I do please
  16. @jessicawashington1972: Repurposing your content is a great way to get it done

- HOW TO Organically Increase Facebook Engagement & Reach 2024: Kind: captions Language: en are you sick and tired of posting on Facebook and getting two likes and one comment it's completely Soul destroying spending all that time thinking of a post writing the content and creating some graphical Masterpiece on CA to then realize half your engagement is your mom well I'm going to show you exactly how to increase likes comments and shares with genuine potential customers interested in your business including my favorite method at the end of this video so stay tuned the main reason your posts are not get an engagement is because they're simply just not being seen Facebook are putting them all into a box at the back of the shelf and making it hard to see the current average reach for an organic Facebook post is 2.2% but could be as low as 1.1 for some brand pages to put this into perspective if you have a Facebook page with 1,500 followers your post may only be shown to as few as 33 people this is the reason why Facebook is a billion pound company and you can see why with stats like this now you don't have to spend a lot of money boosting your post you can do this with as little as $5 per post as long as you target the Right audience you also benefit from repeated interaction a user from a boosted post engages with your post then they are a lot more likely to see future posts also the other big advantage of boosting your content is it looks great to potential customers busy posts show people that a product or service is worth looking at when it comes to engaging a user nothing comes close than video content here are a few handy tips to use while creating videos for your Facebook business page upload videos directly on Facebook Facebook's algorithm prefers native videos that are posted on their platform on average your engagement rate will increase by 110% compared to sharing videos experiment with square videos Square videos are easy to watch and more popular as well they normally receive higher engagement average views and completion rates than any other video type add captions 85% of Facebook videos are watch with sound off and 39% of consumers are more likely to finish a video with [Music] subtitles sometimes the key to increasing Facebook engagement is to look into the past let's say you have a post that knocks it out of the park tons of Li and shares and plenty of love in the comment section rather than treat this post as a oneoff you should instead take the steps to recreate this same social magic again maybe it was an unexpected picture perhaps it was an epic case study either way you should pay close attention to your top performing content and aim to replicate this to better break down that activity take a close look at your Facebook analytics and see firsthand what's receiving the most reach improving your Facebook pages engagement isn't a oneandone affair if someone takes the time to comment on your content you should return the favor yourself let's have it said no one likes to send a text message and be n now do they people want to interact with Brands which is the reason why so many businesses that reply to comments gain more interactions people these days expect a social response within 4 hours of commenting timely responses are a must replying to comments on your post is not only a great way to Signal engagement to Facebook but also keeps your users happy happy people equals potential customers after all if nothing else taking the time to reply to people shows you good at listening to them this is a good look from a brand perspective and also encourages more interaction amongst the rest of the people on your page if you don't have time to respond to every single message you can create a Facebook chat bot to do so for you Facebook loves content and the more you can give it the more it will give you back in the way of visibility and engagement it's important like any social media platform that you have consistency when posting and have a schedule to do so ideally minimum of a three a week ensuring the quality of the content is always at its highest if you cannot keep up with the quality then reduce the amount of post quality over quantity will always win the battle people are a lot more likely to engage when they are being asked a question asking simple questions like what do you prefer between Disney or Pixar films makes it easy for people to answer without having to think about it too hard if you can though try and make the topic related to your business for example if you run a clothing business you could ask which outfit do you prefer between these two pictures making your questions funny or relevant to current trending subjects can boost your engagement even further as Facebook continues its Crackdown on clickbaits with regular changes to their algorithm companies are forced to rethink how they earn engagement on their posts for example adding to your post saying please like or share this post is engagement bait and Facebook algorithm will penalize you for pushing out this kind of post on average people spend three times more watching a Facebook live video than regular videos and are 10 times more likely to comment with this in mind it's worth knowing that when it comes to Facebook videos live videos perform better have potential to reach more people and increase your Facebook engagement rate that's because when you go live your video shoots to the top of the followers news feed also people regularly interact with your page or recently done so get a notification let them know you've gone live even better after the live broadcast is over the video appears on your Facebook business page from there you can continue promoting it on your site share it on other social media platforms or share Snippets of it on your page here are some great tips of going live on Facebook have a Q&A session or ask me anything session share an event interview industry experts or share educational content or howto tips Facebook want people to stay on their platform and don't like it when you try to send them to another website you can't blame them we want our website visitors to stay on our website too when creating a post instead of linking to an article or sharing a YouTube video Simply upload these directly to Facebook to keep them on their platform they will reward you for doing this with more visibility and engagement this is the biggest mistake I see people make when creating posts although you can sell to your your audience it should never be your sole objective it should be subconscious selling so potential customers don't realize they're being sold to let's have it said there's nothing worse than going into a car showroom and a Salesman running straight over to you you have to remember your audience is the same as you and haven't even come into their showroom they only walking past a great example of social selling is taking a picture of your dog next to your product with the caption we love bringing our Fury friends into the office office everyone loves a cute dog it just so happens that your product's in the shop I hope you enjoyed this video and I'd appreciate it if you subscribe to stay tuned for future videos make sure you check out one of my other videos here also

  Top Comments:
  1. @WhitePineBooks [1 likes]: Very informative!
  2. @Rebekah-r7p [1 likes]: Ur new subs ❤
  3. @SandeepaSandaruwan-y9e: nice
  4. @AliceEvans-jy3mo: So tried with that
  5. @Dantaliss: ❤
  6. @VegmanYiw: Subscribed
  7. @nwachukwu-l1l: Good
  8. @Aritistic007: There's more engagement in regards to social media interaction than Jean Luc Picard can say it!

Facebook is dying thank god.
  9. @KyngRyan90: Square video??
  10. @lobyalex: Bro has 3.5k subs and he gained 170k views well done buddy good advice 💪😊
  11. @Sherishkhalid-f5z: https://youtube.com/shorts/pttc-OI4_9k?si=PISG2H_uqVac4wEv
  12. @thewanderingarsh: Nothing works
  13. @Masterbonesmith-e5l: Also, use a British accent in your commentary.  Americans will watch longer. Seriously. Thanks for the video
  14. @YiayiaandAlexa: Thanks Adam this is really informative as I am struggling to increase followers and in turn memberships for a gym.
  15. @Moses-qn3xr: Thanks for the update.
  16. @Coachchaplet27: I'm thinking all this if it works but i will try it
  17. @MdTipuSultan-g3f: Nice
  18. @DannysStoryverse: Good one bro
  19. @travelswithdebbierandy: Good video
  20. @theIllumination-tv: Nice. ❤

- How to Improve Your LinkedIn Reach and Engagement: Kind: captions Language: en - If you're like most marketers, you've spent a lot of time creating incredible content, and then posting it on social media for crickets. That was me, too, until I discovered a few things that completely transformed my content reach on LinkedIn. So in this video, I'm going to break down exactly what that is. (reflective music) The best types of content tell a story, customer stories, employee stories, personal stories. Any time you can paint a picture and evoke emotions, your content is going to perform better. But what types of posts perform best, and how do you actually create content that resonates with your audience? Let's start with one of my favorite types of content on LinkedIn, polls. Love them or hate them, polls work. Trends are a great place to start, when it comes to posting a new poll. Global events, holidays, industry events, industry news, anything that you can piggyback off of that is already getting traction is going to be great and increase your chances of a poll going viral. When possible, add your opinion in the content section of the poll, and then ask others to share their opinions, as well, in the comments. I personally leverage this strategy to get over 100,000 views on my polls, by simply leveraging global events and industry trends. You want to be posting polls, at most, once a week. This is only if you post frequently on LinkedIn. If you don't, try posting maybe one or two polls a month. When you are creating your poll, LinkedIn gives you two options. You can leave the poll open for seven days or 14 days. I recommend leaving it open for the entire two weeks, that way you can leverage the poll in your lead generation efforts, and I cover that strategy in another video, which is linked in the description below. Another popular post type that gets great engagement and views is the PDF carousel post. So this is very simply a PDF that you upload to LinkedIn and it creates a slideshow for your viewers, and they're more of a visual type of engagement. So what you wanna do there is make it aesthetically appealing, matching your brand colors, aesthetic vibe, and then also large, catchy phrases. Anything like statistics work well, customer testimonials. You can even take a lead magnet and break it down into the most key important points, and then turn that into a PDF carousel post. There's lots of ways that you can do this, and LinkedIn loves these carousel posts. Here's an example of a carousel post that was created from a blog post. Now, these are really great opportunities to boost your thought leadership, repurpose your content, and get more exposure to your blog, because you can link to the full blog in the comments. Actionable tips also work really well on carousel posts. And so what you wanna do here is give people a step-by-step list of things they need to do in order to accomplish their goal with that specific topic. This not only builds goodwill with your audience, because you're helping them and giving them valuable tips, but it also leaves them wanting more, which is why you need to include a call to action, where they can contact you or discover more information about your products and services. You don't have to post a poll or a carousel post to get incredible engagement on LinkedIn. You can do that with a text-only post. The problem is, most people are doing this wrong, so they don't see the engagement and reach they want. The most important part of a text-only post is you have to hook people in early so they wanna click that see more button to read the rest of your post. How you wanna treat your hook is basically like a blog title. A couple of examples for you are, how to, x, y, z. The top three ways you can, a, b, c. The easiest way to, fill in the blank. Three things you need to know about, your topic. The best way to accomplish, a, b, c. These are just a few examples that you can entice people to wanna keep reading your text-only posts. LinkedIn increased their character limit on posts to 3,000 characters, so you can take blog posts that you have on your blog and repurpose them into longer-form content on LinkedIn. Speaking of, LinkedIn has an Articles feature. Historically, these have been a great place to, once again, repurpose blog posts. The challenge is they do not get nearly the reach and views that your posts receive. So instead of leveraging LinkedIn articles for your long-form content, I highly recommend you leverage LinkedIn posts. There is no better way to build trust and authority with your audience than video. You wanna make sure you are posting native videos. For example, if you have a YouTube channel, instead of posting the link to the YouTube URL, you wanna take it, and then upload that on LinkedIn. Shorter videos perform better on LinkedIn, so anywhere from 30 seconds to 3 minutes. So if you have existing video content that is longer, I would say up to ten minutes, then it could perform well on LinkedIn, and that's just a matter of testing. So if it doesn't perform the greatest, then maybe try trimming that video and reposting it to see how it performs. A couple of quick tips to optimize your videos and get maximum engagement. Always, always add captions or subtitles. Studies show that over 80% of people watch videos without the sound on, and I am one of those individuals. You can either upload the SRT file directly to LinkedIn, or you can bake in those captions using your favorite video editing program. The goal is to entice them to watch the actual video. So give them a call to action to watch the video and spell out what is in the actual video without giving everything away, and it's helpful if you can let them know how long the video is. So watch the 30-second video, or 60-second video. One of my favorite LinkedIn video features is LinkedIn Live. Now, LinkedIn Live is available for most users via an application. This is a great way to build up your community, your sense of trust, your authority, but it's also great for repurposing that content. I go live once a month, and I take those snippets from my LinkedIn Live and I turn those into mini video clips. Short-form videos, like TikTok videos, also perform really well on LinkedIn. The key there is to make sure that it is related to your business, if you can provide value, or also something motivational or inspirational. My video views receive significantly lower views than any other post type, but I don't want this to discourage you. My videos are what drive the most business for me. People on the phone, whether they are customers or prospects, always mention my videos and how much they love them. So you really need to be consistent with your videos in order to reap the benefits of video marketing on LinkedIn. One reason I love video is because it lets people in on me, as a human, and my personality. You can accomplish this from other post types, as well. Historically, people have thought that LinkedIn is just a business-only platform. Things are changing, things have changed. You have to mix in personal content because people wanna know who they're doing business with, and this is why personal posts do so exceptionally well on LinkedIn. These can be anything from a lesson that you learned, a trip you went on, anniversary that you just celebrated. But unlike Instagram or Facebook, let people in on your life, but also turn it into something of value that they can learn from or feel inspired from. Personal posts perform best when coupled with a photo of you, your family, an event. It could also be a screenshot of a tweet, or an inspirational quote. So I just told you what post types perform well on LinkedIn, but ultimately the algorithm is responsible for surfacing those posts so that maximum viewers actually see them. There are three key factors that go into the LinkedIn algorithm. The first one is personal connections. LinkedIn is going to show your posts more with people that you are connected with and people that you engage with. The second LinkedIn algorithm factor is relevance. How relevant is your content to your target audience? This could be anything from LinkedIn looking at keywords that you use in your posts, hashtags, anything in the comments section, of people engaging with you. The third LinkedIn algorithm factor is probability of engagement. So what LinkedIn is doing here is they are judging how likely your post is to get engagement. So you wanna make sure that you are getting maximum views, likes, comments, all the things, in the very first hour, because that tells LinkedIn that this is something that people are engaging with, so I'm going to show it more in people's feeds. Here's a tip to help the algorithm work for you, and not against you. You wanna make it really super easy for people to read your content. Make sure it is appropriately spaced out. I like using bullets or emojis, putting one sentence per line, and then I put spaces in between every sentence. Spacing out your content is also great for encouraging people to click that see more button, and this is a micro engagement that factors into the LinkedIn algorithm. The LinkedIn algorithm also does not like third-party links. So when you take people outside of LinkedIn, they are not going to reward you for doing so. So what you wanna do here is put the links in the comment section of your post, so you can have a call to action in the actual post itself, and say, click the link in the comments to see more. When it comes to using hashtags on LinkedIn, ideally, you wanna do less than nine, because every time you go over nine hashtags, it flags the spam filters in LinkedIn, which means your post might not be seen as much. Another way to increase engagement on LinkedIn is by tagging people. If you have a post that you can list certain subject matter experts, do that in the post itself. If you want people's opinions on the post, do that in the comment section. This is going to get more eyes on your content, and it's also going to encourage engagement, AKA comments, which is then going to tell the algorithm to show your posts to more people. If you are someone who posts multiple times a day, make sure that you're leaving at least four hours in between posts. If you don't, then the algorithm is only going to favor one of those posts, and you're not gonna get maximum views on all of your content. You also want to respond to every single comment that is left on your post. So this is not only being friendly and inviting, it also helps the algorithm, because you are triggering it to show up more by responding to comments. If you want people to actually engage with your comments and leave comments, then you need to engage with them. The more comments you are leaving on other people's posts, the more likely they are to leave comments on your posts. And leaving engaging comments is step one in our LinkedIn connection strategy, which I go into more detail in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer [5 likes]: How to Get More LinkedIn Leads: An Organic Strategy That Works ▶️
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSyA84AxFkI&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_atM4Tzgwk5YsocjmJzp6FS&index=1
  2. @Mazenco9613 [1 likes]: Great Tips. Thanks!
  3. @SuzanaLeka-q9i: I got a lot of value from this.
  4. @SusanScott-o9g: Really appreciate this upload.
  5. @ertrtfsgggtrt: Very impressive work here.
  6. @HellOi-g3v: A clear and effective explanation.
  7. @HuleuMusli: A very well done video.
  8. @AstonAger-n2d: I enjoyed the clarity of this video.
  9. @MugnusAndersen: Always enjoy watching your videos.
  10. @AhvsiKsuca: I enjoyed the clarity of this video.
  11. @RandolphE.Griffin: Clear and easy to follow.
  12. @BappyRazz-n4u: Great effort on this video.
  13. @HermanJ.McCallister: This deserves more views.
  14. @DavidWimbleMeditation: Very helpful, thank you!
  15. @Genie_boo: I'm definitely going to start using polls and carousels more. Storytelling is another great tip! Thanks for the practical advice, Mandy. I’m ready to boost my LinkedIn game.
  16. @Pulse35Pictures: Thanks Mandy! That was really insightful.
  17. @navya-s3v: Stay up to date on social media trends and algorithm updates to stay ahead in a changing landscape.
  18. @InifiniteQuant: This is perfect, thanks a lot! Now just have to apply it
  19. @WillGoesMeta: Fantastic, thanks for sharing!
  20. @bibhishangorule2427: Excellent, this is very helpful.

- Do This One Thing to Spark Curiosity, Engagement and Connections | Ryan Foland | TEDxQuincy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] one of the most amazing abilities that you have as a human being happens everyday in everyday conversations now it's not and what you say it's in what you don't say to pause or not to pause that is the question now this pause that I'm referring to is the time that you take to speak in your turn in a conversation now it's a slight silence it's a little little tiny pause but it's important in the next five minutes I'm going to share with you how to tap into that power and why you should pause more often but this all happens very quickly so I'm gonna give you a little bit of back story on some things that happen quickly hüseyin bolt running top speed takes him 0.8 seconds to run 10 meters a honey bee flaps its wings a hundred times it only takes half a second and for me to spin around like this takes approximately 0.3 seconds now there's been some global linguistics research and they've studied and measured the time of this pause and the time of this pause is faster than Usain Bolt it's faster than honeybees and it's faster than my 360 spin it is 0.2 seconds 0.2 seconds know what's crazy about this is that the average time it takes for us as a human to take a word retriever from memory and then share it in a conversation takes point six seconds so do you see what's happening here in the conversations that you are having the person that you're talking to it's actually coming up with what they're gonna say while you're still talking so in actuality it's not really a pause as much as it is a pounce I see you positive you bouncers out there now I don't know about you but a lot of times I feel like I'm on Jacobi most the time somebody asks a question and everybody's ready in the apartment trying to turn in to be the first one to answer the conversation I've realized that conversations don't have to be competitions okay you can put the clicker down now instead of this instinct to pounce what if you instead pop now not a not a long pause it could be awkward right but if you resent this initial urge to pounce you're not gonna cut somebody off what if that person wasn't finished with what they are saying what if their thought process hadn't fully developed what if that big idea you didn't give them a chance to have that idea so this is why the pause is so powerful now how do you tap into the power of this pause oh it's easy you just give more pause more often and what does that look like it looks like having an idea and being able to communicate it but ideation has to have pause for it to materialize what does it look like in real life it happens in everyday conversations that you have at work at home and at play it's hidden in opportunity everywhere now pause one can look like simply listening just a little bit longer it can be blinking your eyes a few times before your reply it's listening to your loved one actually finish them stop listening to their whole day without bouncing in now there are really very little things we can control in this world especially nowadays and it's totally frustrating I feel it but the one thing you can control the one thing you can control is the time you choose to take before you choose to speak think of it as giving the gift of letting people finish their thoughts now I like to think of paws as giving you more time to think and this pause is so slight the person you're talking to likely isn't even going to know in fact it's better if they don't because what happens is that pausing acts as conversation lubrication for your brain and what it does is it allows you to focus on the person talking now I know this is a crazy concept but it's okay to actually listen to what people are saying okay my favorite thing about pauses is that they're everywhere and they're free watch this I'm gonna okay now you guys give me one real quick Wow you guys are good now the problem that you're gonna find with the pause because it works so well is that if you give pause to somebody who already talks a lot they're just gonna keep talking and talking about you give them a few extra hundred flaps at the rate of these wings and they will talk until the honey is done but fear not there's also research that shows that there is a direct correlation between the amount of time that somebody talks and their positive feelings towards you in a conversation so pause let them talk and they will love you for it my challenge to you is to tap into this power of the pause it could be as simple as smiling it could be a nod purse your lips maybe hmm or just don't say anything I want you to realize that when you do this you'll be able to pick more more often and more meaningful ways and it's not the size of the pause that matters it's the thought that counts so give more pause or thank you [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bonkahermitakaintjudge9228 [22 likes]: For anyone doing public speaking, making presentations, or who just plain care about the people they are engaged in a conversation with this is fantastic advice to listen to and review from time to time. I know that I certainly will. Thank you very much for a job excellently done.
  2. @shubhikaushik5795 [17 likes]: This talk is underrated
  3. @teamextremeaarya7760 [6 likes]: This should be seen by more people
  4. @GabrielAvalocker [5 likes]: Why haven't more people seen this?
  5. @kkyri_yt [3 likes]: Underrated video… this is an amazing video
  6. @rtorosyan: Doing this w voters, as they talked through their conflicted feelings, for 30-60 minutes (deep canvassing) in PA. Afterwards many appreciate it and say, “I’ve never had a conversation this long.”
  7. @franzhaas5597: This was nothing special . boring
  8. @EdenKay17: Patience?

- How Brian Brushwood Became a Card-Carrying Skeptic: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] howdy I'm Brian brushwood and I am a card-carrying skeptic and for me my whole journey started the day before I went to college it was a time a friend of mine showed me a magic trick and wouldn't tell me how it was done I got so mad I decided screw you I'm gonna dedicate all my free time at college to be in a better magician than you ever were and along the way I saw a lot of stuff that felt magic II but I didn't have the words to explain what felt wrong about it for example I worked at a movie theater and I was the victim of a straight-up shortchange con and something about the exchange of you know 24 to 50 s and then 100 and we're balancing out it felt like the process was driving the transaction just like a magic trick and sure enough we ended up 50 dollars down in the till that was a big painful lesson for me and I felt that same way about so many of the various pseudo-sciences out there and I didn't have the vocabulary until I took pseudoscience and the paranormal a class at the University of Texas at Austin that substituted for a physics class that was just extraordinary a full semester of straight up day one astrology and it turns out the best way to fight pseudoscience is to accurately tell the history of pseudoscience when you learn just how nonsensical astrology is from the very beginning then that affects you and it makes you doubt that stuff when you see it when you learn we didn't have tests we had homework assignments like fake a UFO photo when you find out how easy it is to fake really good photos that affects your your outlook of how compelling that evidence is from that point forward ah by the end of that class I felt like I had that perfect baloney detection kit right that ability to see what would pass the smell test and run it through a series of filters and apply things like Occam's razor to understand the importance of confirmation bias and just how bad memory is to understand the way people take advantage of the sick and infirm it was incredibly empowering and that was when I entered something I think all of us go through the phase of skepticism like wing no you're right you just really want to tell it to people who don't understand how right you are and luckily I've entered the more nuanced phase where you learn how to pick your punches decide what battles are worth fighting and which ones are not and to be honest that's a huge huge reason that I'm so passionate after nearly 10 years of doing scam school I think it is so important to bring more people into the magic tent because it's one thing to academically understand that you can be fooled by a magician it is another thing to be fooled by a magician it is something entirely different to be the one who is doing the fooling when you are the one executing your own little con and granted it's a low stakes thing that the card is going to turn out to be their car that's fine but by putting yourself in the mindset of the deceiver it empowers you in a way that I don't think much else can and it causes you to be able to project into the mind of somebody trying to deceive for profit in short-term gain and I hope empowers people I would like to think that scam school and and the online budding magic in general in the world of YouTube I would like to thank all of that is contributing to a healthier more skeptical society so congratulations to skeptic magazine on 25 years in publication I cannot express how much it has been a part of my formulation of my worldview and how it continues to blow me away even to this day Congrats guys thank you for watching check us out at skeptic comm and support our mission to promote science and critical thinking at patreon you any skeptic should be reading skeptic magazine in fact right now turn this off

  Top Comments:
  1. @Neel-ff4mn [2 likes]: I picked every battle, and now I feel like an asshole amongst others in my school. I often think, "why can't they understand the dangers of Google and Facebook surveillance?"
  2. @breedlove94 [1 likes]: Still looking for evidence of a bee genie...
  3. @thidritoboladao [1 likes]: The modern roooooooooogue
  4. @antcolangelo: <>

- Church Services Are Designed to Influence You. Here’s How: Kind: captions Language: en today i'm taking you to church not literally of course but rather i'm going to walk you through a church service based on my experience over the first 21 years of my life where i consistently attended church three times per week as the service progresses we'll discuss the techniques churches often use to emotionally influence their attendees for the sake of converting people convincing the audience of the speaker's message retaining members and motivating people to base their entire lives on christianity first though i'd like to make two clarifications one the service i'll describe is based on my experience in protestant churches in the u.s there's a great deal of diversity across christian denominations so if what i describe doesn't mirror your church experience that's probably why still you may find some parallels between what i'll describe and your own experience in different churches so i encourage you to keep watching two i don't mean to imply that those coordinating church services have any malicious intent i think the vast majority of those involved in these services mean well and care about their congregation however the practices i'll discuss have just become so normalized that most christians at any level of leadership don't thoroughly consider the ethics of these practices with that said let's go to church beginning with an emotionally charged ritual you walk into the room where the service is held most likely there's music playing softly you greet some friends and acquaintances find your seat and after a few minutes the music comes to a stop everyone quiets down knowing the service is about to start after a short greeting prayer or announcement the worship leader invites everyone to join them in singing the first song is simple and familiar so that everyone can follow along you may feel a bit self-conscious about singing at first but near the end of the first song or two everyone is singing and the energy in the room swells people surrounding you are singing confidently so you feel comfortable raising your voice a bit more too now the worship leader changes it up a bit the music continues as they pray into the microphone there's conviction and awe in their voice as they thank god for his blessings and ask him to reveal himself in this service and amen punctuates their prayer and the lyrics of the next song begin they're different this time more vulnerable the people surrounding you match the song's emotional introspective tone and some raise their hands to god in love and praise forget any shyness or tiredness you may have brought into the service you're feeling god's presence now your reservations your stubbornness melts away and you open your heart to what god has to show you soon worship concludes and you're ready to listen to the sermon the worship first format most protestant churches follow is designed with a purpose communal worship sets the tone and gets people ready to listen to the speaker it's basic social psychology acting in unity with a crowd especially in repetitive actions lessens your sense of self and allows you to act as one with others without much effort instinctively conforming becomes what's most comfortable additionally music especially in social settings takes you out of your head and ushers you into a shared emotional experience one which makes you more receptive to feelings and ideas spoken to the crowd repetitive ritual especially when music is involved creates an emotionally charged receptive even impressionable crowd church and music leaders of all kinds know this well our entire goal is to make people feel like they're connecting with god to trigger that big emotional response and spiritual high and we know exactly what works we're professionals music is a language of emotions it makes listeners feel a certain way our ears and minds connect sound to certain feelings memories subconscious thoughts believe it or not music actually does this way more effectively than visuals do you see where i'm going with this we know exactly how to use music to change people's emotions worship music is all about the dynamics the build up that hopeful soaring climax that can send shivers down your spine or make you feel in tune with some grand act of god the songs are written with this moment in mind and a good band or md can make the experience that much more engaging if church leaders want a congregation that's ready to listen and comply with what the speaker says it's best to hold worship first to put them in that state of mind that's why most churches do it that way eliciting specific emotions through music let's revisit the worship portion of the service from earlier the congregation has joined together in song hands are being raised praised lyrics radiate from every direction the worship leader prayerfully introduces the next song one all about sacrifice giving your all for god's sake it starts softly with minor chords playing behind the leader's voice accentuating the mournful lyrics those around you join in slowly and soon you do too i give my all to you you sing no turning back the worship leader bellows out do you give your all to him church as the music soars into the next chorus you can't help but sing a bit louder as both excitement and conviction overcomes you however you entered into the service you know that now you'll only leave it more prepared to put god first in your life later the sermon begins the topic turns out to be the importance of making personal sacrifices and following god's will as the speaker discusses things they've had to leave behind in order to follow god whether it be a kind of music a particular habit a friend or even a partner you begin to think of things in your life that god might not condone you may not have thought those things were much of a problem before but you've already poured your heart out to god today telling him that you'll put his will above all else now you're feeling convicted you'd be a hypocrite to sing those words in front of god and everybody yet refuse to follow the guidance of the sermon you listen with the intent of making change the sermon concludes and a prayer begins the song about sacrifice which you sang earlier plays in the background those minor chords in the intro remind you of the distance which your worldly habit or relationship has created between you and god's will for your life you're ready to give that up and following the speaker's advice you ask god for the strength to do so once you leave the service and rejoin the rest of the world repetitive ritual and communal worship can not only put you in a listening mood but the music specifically chosen to complement the sermon can emotionally prime you to receive and conform to the speaker's message this can help the speaker get through to more people especially when the message is one which instructs listeners to change their behavior in an uncomfortable or even painful way again church leaders know that music can create an emotionally charged environment which boosts the audience receptiveness and further they know that specific kinds of music can create specific emotional states in the audience we know the exact emotional journey that a crowd is about to go on we plan it all out these big moments make people feel connected to god through lyrics and sounds they're a huge part of my relationship with god and you'd be surprised just how much the band feeds off the energy of a crowd just as much as they feed off of us sometimes people responding to music in unison praising god together was so uniquely validating to what i was doing those spontaneous moments of spiritual high that were actually carefully calculated and rehearsed made god feel real present personal powerful but as an md especially they were never truly out of my direct control yet again i had to be brutally honest with myself about how god worked now whenever i look out into a crowd during these times one thing is clear he isn't the one doing this i am this understanding of music's power to create specific emotional states plays a major role in church leaders efforts to influence their congregation when making a purely rational case is difficult for any number of reasons leaders often rely on using emotion to convince others of that case instead playing on emotional vulnerabilities let's pick our church service back up in the post-sermon prayer the familiar song about sacrifice continues to play as the speaker revisits the topic of the sermon they urge the congregation to meet with god in prayer right now give your struggles over to jesus you might say pastor i've held on to this sin this habit this friend this sexual relationship so long that i can't let it go on my own but jesus strength is enough you say you can't do it on your own and that's true but you won't do it on your own jesus strength is enough there's someone in this very room who knows it's time to give up that sinful relationship there's someone who's battling depression there's someone who's gone through hardship and loss there's someone here in this room right now who's so ridden with guilt that they've given up having the right relationship with christ let me tell you friend if that's you jesus strength is enough there are people standing at the front right now who are ready to pray with you come forward and give it all to jesus keeping your head bowed you hear a few people leave their seats and walk to the front he mentioned the sin i'm struggling with you think should i walk to the front too your feeling of conviction which began during worship now reaches its peak praying from where you stand you prostrate yourself before begging jesus to forgive you and to lend you his strength so that you can live in accordance to his will the music begins to soften and finally comes to a stop as you come out of prayer feeling closer to god than you did at the start of the service the speaker says a few parting words and dismisses the service when you're emotionally vulnerable when you feel guilt shame anxiety sadness or just insecurity surrounding a behavior or personal struggle of yours hearing that behavior or struggle named in front of a crowd can feel deeply personal like the speaker is addressing you specifically depending on the exact context it can even feel like god himself must be leading the speaker to address you personally the highly emotive ritual and music throughout the service emotionally prime you to enter a vulnerable impressionable state so if you didn't enter into the service feeling particularly vulnerable those things are often enough to make you feel that way by the end even if the speaker mentions several other sins and struggles from the stage which you can't relate to you'll still take notice when they mention something to which you can relate especially in an emotionally heightened state it's easy to remember the hits forget the misses and remember the experience as directed toward you more than it really was when all of these elements the repetition the carefully selected emotionally charged music the prayer directed at the emotionally vulnerable all come together within a service they don't just serve to facilitate spiritual experiences but rather to simulate them if you've ever experienced a service like the one i described and you felt something which you describe as spiritual ask yourself if there was no worship leader to hype up and direct the crowd if there was no emotive music if there was no emotionally charged altar call where the speaker lists out people's emotional vulnerabilities would i have had that spiritual experience was it really god and i coming together or did the church just successfully create an illusion setting a moral obligation to participate so the service is over a couple days go by and you think back on your experience at church since a little time has passed you've come to feel less strongly about the big spiritual commitment you made during the service did i get a bit too caught up in the moment you wonder you think about skipping church this week to try to figure it out on your own but then you remember something that you've learned in church about that not forsaking our own assembling together as is the habit of some but encouraging one another and all the more as you see the day drawing near and let us not neglect our meeting together as some people do but encourage and warn each other now that the day of his coming back again is drawing near not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together as is the manner of some but exhorting one another and so much the more as you see the day approaching as you've learned in church and have probably read in the bible yourself attending church regularly is a necessary part of christian practice even if you think it's best to stay home and clear your head well sorry but you have a moral obligation to keep attending you could look for another church sure but it's unlikely you'll find one that doesn't use a similar formula for simulating spiritual experiences unless you explore markedly different denominations plus people might start asking questions or even judging you if you begin making changes so you decide it's probably best that i go again this week you walk into church the following sunday the music begins to play and the cycle repeats this moral mandate to keep attending church is enough to keep many people coming back even if they have valid reasons to stop the emotional priming i've described here may not work the first time or even the first few times that a person attends but when a perceived moral obligation puts you there every week when you start to recognize the songs when you grow accustomed to the speaker's presentation style when everyone around you becomes familiar when repetitive emotionally charged rituals become the norm it pulls you in when this formula for spiritual experience becomes comfortable and anticipated your guard wears away it becomes easy to believe that god really is there in that worship service or sermon or prayer after all those around you consider that interpretation of their emotional experience to be correct why consider that view as anything but normal again while i don't think it's done maliciously church services like these are designed to manipulate your emotions so that you conform to the church's wishes church leaders often genuinely want their congregation to experience god's presence so they create an environment where specific emotions run high effectively simulating god's presence they want you to learn from their sermons so they prime you with music placing you in an impressionable state they want you to give your life to god completely so they create and target emotional vulnerabilities knowing that conversion and rededication are often motivated by a sense of one's personal brokenness if experiences of god's presence are real they shouldn't require a mode of ritual and music to occur if the gospel is intellectually convincing people shouldn't need to be emotionally primed before hearing it of course christians do report spiritual experiences and conversions happening outside of church but isn't it telling that most experiences of god's presence and most conversions seem to occur in these emotionally charged environments it's enough to make one wonder who is really responsible for the experiences of churchgoers god or the church thanks for watching i've been drew of genetically modified skeptic a special thanks to my patrons for the constant love and support if you want to hear more from me subscribe and follow me on social media at the handles below as always if you're an apostate in need there are resources linked in the description to help you find community and mental health support remember to be kind to others in the comments and until next time stay skeptical

  Top Comments:
  1. @GeneticallyModifiedSkeptic [1000 likes]: Tell me about your church experiences! Have any of these tactics worked on you? If so, how did you come to realize what was really going on?
  2. @sydliminal [2 likes]: the way you match the tone throughout the video while walking through exactly how it's done is such a creepy juxtaposition that it makes my skin crawl. great job!
  3. @ministryoftruth1451 [1 likes]: I am a Christian and absolutely hate this and don’t believe it’s necessary or Biblical. It’s manipulative.
My family started attending a church recently and the pastor is very sound. Unfortunately the music is exactly as you describe; dimming lights, leadership that acts out a “spiritual” response that  people want to mimic because that’s what seems appropriate and lyrics that are simple and repetitive.

This has its roots in the 19th century with tent revivals that wanted to mimic real revivals. Look up George Finney. He believed revival could be created and not that it was driven by God. This heresy impacts almost every church in America.
  4. @thebirdbrained.: That was the exact formula for a sermon beat for beat of my childhood evangelical church
  5. @tom-lukaslubbeke949: This is crazy to watch as someone having grown up in a Lutheran church in Germany. We are definitely wayyyyy conservative in services here 😂😂
  6. @dradmc7101: My church operates like this and they are transparent about the fact that they intentionally curate music to match the sermon.  I'm not convinced that this is nefarious in any way.
  7. @TXstatesman1: When I was young and at church camp, everyone was crying during the worship, but I didn’t, I spent the next year spiraling thinking that maybe I’d be going to hell
  8. @RenTheWren: That reminds me of one time I went to a christian food drive for the local food bank, and afterwards there was a dinner where people sang and made music, and I was SO UNCOMFORTABLE!! They were all so emotional about a myth that it read as extreme cringe to me. I spoke with the girl I'd been standing with all day about it and she asked me what I saw. I told her I saw people sharing a common delusion, which was uncomfortable and sad to me. She saw people connecting over something they found important which was heartwarming and beautiful to her. The difference in perspective is still so wild to me!
  9. @observershroom: In my country any church that holds service like that would be deemed a cult.  I've seen interviews with priests that were really critical of such practices, although their reasoning wasn't "this is emotionally manipulative" but rather something along the lines of "this makes faith easy, and it shouldn't be"
  10. @Aineo-f2x: For God so loved the world, that he gave His only begotten son that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  (John 3:16, Bible) Jesus loves you and ready to forgive.
  11. @CarlosLopez-n5k5l: majority of pastors and churches are just in it for the money.
  12. @vls3771: Modern day church music the  Praise variety ...😅.. is a big part of the con no doubt ...what amazes me is how Adults can be manipulated to sing ...hold up their hands  push out teary eyed emotional drone music that sounds like childrens nursery rhymes ...women squeezing their faces with a  fake yearning over emotional look on their faces when  theres  no meat on the bones lyrically... its more like a kids show ...
How adults continue to do is hard to watch ...
  13. @christianhanson700: I like the way you speak and create videos man and asking hard questions. I'm a Christian and I think these questions you ask are valid ones. It's important to remember that church in biblical times did NOT look like a conference, and more like a block party, people met in homes and everyone met each others needs and was willing to sacrifice and hold each other accountable. Jesus said when we pray, to do so in secret. The concept of churches not understanding HOW a person is changed has led to individuallys being emotionally manipulated into giving money and time into churches that are more focused on changing their behavior than getting to know a human being that God created and being willing to do life with them. All love brother!
  14. @lukas_mjs: I would have loved if you shared your thoughts on how a church service should look like (if christianity were true)
  15. @Mlindos_2420: I am watching this as a Christian and I am not questioning anything about my salvation.... the comments I have read point to the fault of men and not of Jesus...discernment is built by reading the bible so a lot if people fall for experiences because of the lack of reading of the word
  16. @3In1Apostolic: This is fascinating! I love being an ancient Christian
  17. @victoriab8186: The very traditional Church of England services i grew up with were very different to the services you describe, but I do agree that similar tactics were involved (though often less successfully). The most traditional of services began (often after organ music as people were finding their seats) not with song, but with confession. Not a private confession, or anything personal, but the whole crowd joining emphatically in profession that they are ‘miserable offenders’. Beginning ‘almighty and most merciful father’, this line can either be said alone by the minister or together by the crowd, and it serves as a way to set the rhythm of the speech, before the true confession starts ‘we have erred and strayed from thy ways like lost sheep’ - and thats not too hard to say, or to understand - which leads into the depths of ‘ We have followed too much the devices and desires of our own hearts. We have offended against thy holy laws.’ Now that would be hard to say had it come straight up. But through the lead up, through the fact that everyone is saying these words in time together, there is a sense of solidity about them that often stirs seemingly sincere emotion. The confession part of the prayer ends with ‘ We have left undone those things which we ought to have done; and we have done those things which we ought not to have done; and there is no health in us.’ This sets everyone up to muse on the things they ought to or not to have done over the past week/month/year/lifetime and apply the lessons or ideas of the rest of the service to those faults or failings. And having already professed that you have ‘followed too much the devices and desires’ of your heart, you are primed to categorise objections that you might make to your self-criticism as excuses, just more sin to pile on top. The lines out ‘no health’ just adds to the wretchedness of it all. So you are set up to feel the impact of the turn to Gods mercy that forms the second part of this prayer. 


One of the things I was surprised to learn about in this video was that music is played during the sermon in some denominations. That is something that I’d never come across, and feels rather wrong to me - both as emotionally manipulative but also oddly trivialising, given that it mostly reminds me of shopping centres. But I can absolutely see that if you had grown up with this - or even just had not grown up within a culture of silent listening during sermons - it would be emotionally effective. In fact, as I was thinking about that I was reminded of the time in the services i grew up in where there was often background music, and that was the communion/eucharist. If you had a choir, they would sing as everyone queued up and received the bread and wine. If you just had an organist (or a keyboard player) they might play something, but commonly (particularly if they weren’t a minimally competent musician, as admittedly some were) would improvise new music, playing around with and diverging from tunes from the song the choir had sung, or the most recent hymn, or sometimes hymns to come later in thw service. One memorable time the organist at a cathedral i attended did an 8 or so minute improvisation that had the tune of happy birthday slowed down to almost unrecognisable in the foot pedals (really low notes) because there was a lady attending whose 100th birthday it was. But in general, this was a part of the service where there was music going on in the background to essentially set an emotional tone (and:or maintain the emotional tone while people wait in line and risk getting bored).
  18. @ianskiver6246: Oh this was what happened kinda at a christian church in chicago, i was just there because my mom attempted to try and reconvert me and bribe 20$. She tried acting like i was not there just for the money but i was lmfao
  19. @RiseAboveIt92: Oh yeah they just love bomb you, then they turn on you and cut you to ribbons 

They defamed me all over the USA. They are trying to kill me. 

They have no ethics
  20. @Spadooch: I just want to point our that this is a specific, very modern type of "church". This is the Pentecostal movement which is only 100 years old. It's extremely manipulative and performative. But it's also completely foreign to church history, and there are a lot of churches, especially Protestant ones, who have been criticizing this kind of crap long before any "skeptics" did.

- A Skeptic’s Guide to Appreciative Inquiry: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] y'all thought I was gonna run from the back didn't you jog up the stairs do a little dance no I'm not gonna do that and guess what else the song doesn't have anything to do with my presentation so I just thought you know I chose it though because I think we often need songs that take us through those you can do this moment and so I'm having one of those so I'm gonna do this for y'all and I'm gonna tell you a story about a journey that I've been on and several of my colleagues that sheltering arms have been on over the last several years and it really is a learning journey on many counselling before I get into all of that what I do want to do share some information that'll provide some context to this story first of all I have worked in the field of Aging and gerontology my entire career so that means over 40 years I've had lots of different jobs and lots of different responsibilities but all of them in one way or another had to do with serving older adults my kids were little they would say you know what do you do for a living and it would get very complicated to explain that to them so finally I just said I worry about old people that's what I do I worry about old people and I go to meetings that's what I do I think of myself as a very honest direct straight shooter kind of person and I think the people that know me would agree with that my daughter would add the word blunt my previous supervisor my previous boss a woman by the name of Angela Blanchard who I think many of you might know was also very quick to tell people yes Jane's our regional expert in aging she is also a pain in the ass and that's what that was okay but she was the little frequent about telling people that the other part of the this informaiton firm ation when to share to provide some context for you is really about the organization itself so for 120 years sheltering arm Senior Services was a standalone 501c3 nonprofit agency in Houston Texas and for all of those 120 years that agency was dedicated solely to providing services that promoted the dignity and independence of older adults in 2010 the agency experienced a significant underscore significant financial meltdown and we ended up merging with bigger Ripley which was then neighborhood centers and I call it a merger but it really was an acquisition don't let them fool you and the truth is we didn't really care what they called it we were grateful we were grateful for the opportunity to continue the work we were grateful that somebody believed in us enough to keep us going but make no mistake about it mergers are hard and they're hard for everyone just turned out to be a very good thing don't get me wrong about that either but that didn't mean there weren't shifts and adjustments that we had to make throughout that process that we never anticipated so we move on we go into the we go into the merger and six months in my boss comes and says I want you to do a presentation to the board they need to understand Sheltering Arms better they need to understand aging better they need to understand the issues and the trends and the field better you got 20 minutes on the agenda of the upcoming board meeting I'm like alright I can do this I don't need a song for this I got this done this before talked about it a hundred times believe in it fully and I was excited I was excited about the opportunity to educate I was really excited about the opportunity to lift up the division and I was really really glad to have a chance to publicly thank the board and the executive team of Baker Ripley for believing in us and for taking us on that was took courage and we were deeply grateful for that so the day of the board meeting comes I'm not excited I got my slides together I got my talking points together and I start out as we almost always do in the field of aging by the way if you've ever heard somebody in them in that space give a presentation we almost always start out talking about the demographics in the unprecedented growth in the older adult population and also like we very often do in aging I likened it to a wave a big wave a tsunami and I talked about it almost like a warning like look out they're coming get prepared and the truth was tens of thousands of people over the age of 65 are headed our way and with them ladies and gentlemen with them they will bring excuse expression a boatload of problems so I then proceeded to provide what I believed to be very compelling statistics about these problems I talked about the fact that more than half of the people over the age of 65 suffer with at least two chronic illnesses I let that board know that if they were lucky enough to live to the age of 85 and most of them would they stood about a 50/50 chance of having Alzheimer's disease and then I wrapped it up with some very unsettling statistics about the prevalence of anxiety and depression loneliness and isolation in older adults so by the time I was done I have done a fabulous job people of painting a picture of our clients that looked like that helpless hopeless in in need of more services and supports than we could ever begin to provide now I will just pause for one second here to say this might not be the best approach to getting your board fired up and glad you're part of their family now but I didn't care I did not care you know why because I told it like it was because I was a straight shooter kind of person so after the board meeting my boss comes to me she goes you know don't talk about our clients like that here we don't think about our clients like that here that's like really well how do you think of them well how do you talk about well you know we talk about their strengths we talk about their asses we talk about the contributions if they want to make we talk about their goals and their aspirations and I'm like really I'm talking about people in their 70s 80s pushing 90 I'm pretty sure they don't have goals and I'm damn sure they don't have aspirations but new boss I'll go with you on this how do you get it back how do you know what their strengths are their aspirations are their goals are she goes well we use a process called appreciative inquiry and that means we don't ask the kinds of questions that you ask in a typical needs assessment we don't yes what's wrong we don't ask what their greatest challenge is we don't ask what's not working we actually ask what is working what's important to you what is it that you want to do but skills and talents do you have so she says I need you to use appreciative inquiry and tell a news story about seniors I kid you not folks I'm like oh my god did you really say that to me out loud like I have to go do this now because see I hadn't heard of appreciative inquiry I had been to conference sessions just like at this site at this conference I've learned all about it I had heard all the rhetoric about how it builds on strengths and it leverages assets and I was convinced it was nothing much more than spent but let me remind you new boss new organization kind of sorted into my job I said okay we'll do this we'll use appreciative inquiry and we'll talk to we'll talk to older people and we did so staff and volunteers interviewed about 70 older people and we didn't ask them the traditional questions of what's not working what's we know what's your greatest challenge what's horrible about being 85 years old we asked the Mitchell what's great about being 85 years old we asked what brought them joy in their lives we asked them what they had left to do that they still wanted to do and I will tell you skeptic or not I will tell you that the responses we heard we're not only amazing they were truly inspirational so we had done a pretty good job of finding older adults that kind of mirrored the demographics of the older people in our community so nice nice mix of socio-economic level nice mix of gender age ethnicity and and we asked them these questions and far and away this is how the people that we interviewed describe this time of their lives freedom freedom to do whatever I want whenever I want freedom to do the things I never got to do before when I was busy raising my family busy in my career Wow I might like a little of that they also told us that what was absolutely the most important to them and the thing that brought them the greatest joy was having the opportunity to help somebody else didn't have to be in a formal setting didn't have to be in something that kind of volunteer program it could have been family helping out family it was having purpose and having the opportunity to give and that was important to people we also heard them loudly and clearly talk about the most thing that they valued most was being engaged in meaningful relationships and we heard from Angie earlier how important it starts way back and the importance of relationship lingers and then across the board regardless of circumstance regardless of demographic what we heard from nearly every single older person that we talked to was then their understanding of the need and the desire to stay physically active so I get done with this I'm like damn didn't see that coming now what am I gonna do because I had a really nice dollar program for very frail helpless old people so you might ask me - Jay this is fascinating so what so what what difference did it make did you do anything differently with your clients did you provide services any differently in the end the short answer to that is yes today we provide the same services to older people that we did at the time of the merger however today every single one of those programs also includes an opportunity for those clients to contribute and give back to their communities every single one of those programs also includes some element of physical activity or wellness and every one of those programs strives to create opportunity for those clients to engage in a meaningful relationship so yeah it made a difference and we're doing things differently let me be clear appreciative inquiry is not magic it is a process is it an approach it doesn't mean that we pretend there are no problems what it does is it gives you opportunity to discover the solutions in a new and different way so I really do encourage you to to check it out in to give it a shot the other beauty of appreciative inquiry I will just say quickly is that it can be applied to any number of settings and in any number of four and for any number of purposes Baker Ripley uses appreciative inquiry exclusively in its neighborhood transformation work we also use it to design new programs we also use it to create quality improvement plans for existing programs and we've even used it to to address some staff morale issues so it is really quite encompassing and again I encourage you to to check it out so it's been a fascinating journey these past seven years and I've learned a lot I've learned a lot and I am grateful for that so the three things three most important things that I learned and the things that I hope that you will remember if you don't remember anything else about this presentation is number one it's okay to try something new number two it's okay to admit you're wrong and number three it's okay to grow old thank you all very much [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @socksumi [4 likes]: The end goal of AI is compliance to changes and decisions decreed by management. AI is an applied psychology designed to create an atmosphere of positivity... in regards to what management decides and to thwart criticism and skepticism which gets labelled negative or disruptive. The idea is to make us see management in a positive light thus making it easy for them to enact anything they want free from judgment and criticism. It's exactly how it went down in the organization I used to work for when they shit canned 14 front line employees then brought in AI programs to help us see the positives in this new structure. 
Contrary to claims, AI is not a voice for all employees. You're only free to say what you want as long it's not critical and it's what management wants you to say. What about employees that left the organization?... you know the ones shit canned as part of managements changes?  Well it's AI doctrine to never hear a word from anyone who left. "Hear no evil, speak no evil". A little surprise from an ideology that claims to be a voice for all. The reality is... they like a rigged game and AI helps them achieve just that.
  2. @AL-tb7kc [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing this. It actually helped me better understand what appreciative inquiry is.
  3. @Teobook [2 likes]: Great presenter
  4. @positivitystrategist8468 [2 likes]: Most uplifting talk.  Thank you.  I will use this in my class on AI!
  5. @ringringina [1 likes]: 欣賞式探詢，太棒的案例了，謝謝！
  6. @jrmypl: Wow. Powerful.
  7. @iamtheyorkiemom: A third the way through and your still talking about yourself! Arrogant POS! 

Almost half way and you still haven't mentioned AI ONCE!!! Water of my time! 

OMG - what A HATER! people in their 60s and 70s don't have any goals or aspirations! Who do you think you are? Clearly to yourself will be over 60 well less that 20Years.

YMMS!
  8. @sbshore9064: I LOVE this presentation-- thanks so much!   And helps me to look forward to (more) aging.  There are some great resources out there around aging through an appreciative lens, here's one:  https://www.saraorem.com/musings/     It's where we are all heading, might as well look on the bright side-- or create one, as Appreciative Inquiry can support us in doing.
  9. @jillmatter3622: Thank you this is the best explanation I have come across.
  10. @sarah29880: Well done. I think this is so very important

- Dr. Richard Dawkins with Dr. Michael Shermer—The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution: Kind: captions Language: en I was trying to think of who we could get who's a big enough name to introduce our speaker tonight and well I finally found somebody I found I found the deity he's here the deity came tonight I thought long and hard about it I wanted to say I prayed about it but I didn't want to say that so I thought long and hard about that those of you know what I'm talking about mister deity is here Brian Dalton who is the star of his own television series mister deity if you've never seen it just Google or go to youtube put in mr. deity and you could watch these these very clever very intelligent very thoughtful and very funny vignettes about the creation of the universe and all the conflicts between the different deities and so on so I thought to introduce professor Dawkins I thought it'd be great to have mr. deity mr. deity Thank You those of you wondering who the heck this jerk wad is getting up in front of the podium either need to watch more YouTube subscribe to the wildly popular mr. deity podcast donor donor subscribers appointed by the way via iTunes or or your RSS feed or at the very least you really should stop asking such rude and impertinent questions at these lectures that's my feeling what happened to don't be a dick I wasn't originally supposed to be here introducing the illustrious Richard Dawkins tonight Michael many people don't know this but Michael if you watch the series who went on to become Lucy or Lucifer's personal assistant was able to convince mr. deity to come here tonight and do this introduction but he got caught up in the thirteenth century with the Alba jinseyun crusade he's helping out there wipe out the Cathars and apparently apparently ridding the world of heresy is not only great fun but incredibly time-consuming however however I spoke to mr. deity earlier today and he passed on to me his very specific comments along with a PowerPoint presentation that he'd he'd put together he also insisted that I keep this chalkboard background themed I don't know if you can see it but apparently he's very fond of it as are some of his followers so I've promised to faithfully rely relay a mr. deities comments regarding mr. Dawkins so please bear with me first of all he wanted me to convey I had to write this down so I wouldn't forget he wanted me to convey his deepest and most sincere regrets for creating Richard saying it was clearly an oversight on his part he said that if he had he if he hadn't given dominion over the world to Lucy this evening her and and perhaps much of the last five years or so would not have taken place he he said that things would be very different than I would be presently telling all of you that there's probably no richard ii he he asked me to just join me in a little thought experiment here he asked me if you wouldn't just imagine a better world than the one we presently have he asked me to imagine as john lennon might have had mr. Dean allowed him to live longer a world with a world with no Richard imagined no selfish genes or memes imagine a world imagine a world far less strident and more god-fearing imagine a world where the Pope could travel without being castigated and an atheist could continue to be associated with Nazis and communists without rebuff he asked me to ask you to imagine a world where mister deity and the great juju of the mountain are not publicly mocked but are taken seriously by all this is the world you are for stalling you wicked atheists with your wickedness that's it his words not mine mister deity says that you have all been deluded by Richard he says that you're all sheep who will take the word of anyone with an upper class British accent but he says that if you knew Richard you would realize that Richard is arguably the most unpleasant character in all of reality he didn't want to go into the details he said the making a laundry list of another perturbing defects would be petty vindictive capricious and malevolent but he did want me to tell you that he thinks Richard is the worst kind of Brit what kind I asked he said [Music] mr. DD also wanted me to tell you that he thinks you're all a bunch of hypocrites he noted the fact and I think it's a fair point that there are there are many Richard's you probably don't believe in Richard the third who I didn't realise bore a striking resemblance to our former president Denise Richards you don't believe in her although if you're gonna have to believe in a Richard that's a pretty good one in my book Richard Nixon you don't believe in him Richard Simmons and yet yes that is my own personal autographed photo of him and of course Little Richard mr. DD says the only difference is he goes one Richard further so that's the comments for mr. DD I don't have to introduce Richard Dawkins apparently everybody here knows who he is I only want to say this from my own from my own perspective Richard Dawkins is not only one of the sweetest man I have ever met the most intelligent but he is perhaps the most courageous man I have ever known and what I mean by that is that he has a rare kind of courage that I think is so valuable in our world today and that is the kind of courage that inspires others to find their own courage so here I ask you to welcome two of my heroes Richard Dawkins and Michael Shermer [Applause] the format for tonight Richard suggested awhile back that a better pedagogical tool rather than just give a canned book to her speech followed by a signing to do in conversations so he's been doing a series of these in conversations which I've seen several and they're quite good and so we thought we would have a conversation for a while I've got it broken up into three parts I tweeted last night if you have any questions you like for Richard send them to me so I got a handful of those and then we have two microphones you'll see here so when we get to the end of that then you can come up and ask your own questions if they haven't been asked already and then we will do the book signing afterwards you can line up here and and then to come across here and and Richard been willing to sign books and take photos we actually have a couple of classes here that want to do a group photo too so that's that's pretty nice welcome to the to the animal class here I think they're up there so high there they are all right anyway Richard so I I thought we have all Michael let me say quite good I have to point out there's a linguistic difference across the Atlantic here of course in in America I think quite means very yes in Britain it means slightly anyway sorry I interrupted you it's it's quite slightly yes squared so I thought we'd do a little bit of before we get into the book the greatest show on earth how we know evolution evidence for evolution and and and I'm gonna ask you to summarize it briefly for us when we get there but I thought we go a little bit of background I was talking to my friend frank sulloway who's a historian of science and a darwin scholar about this the other day and and as you know Frank studies rebels and what makes somebody rebellious or or to promote a radical new idea that sort of thing parental background mentors heroes influential intellectual threads peer groups and so forth so but but first we got to thinking are you a rebel since you do stand out against the mainstream when it comes to religion but but on evolutionary theory would you see yourself more as a conservative because you're you're returning to the roots of darwin's theory rather than say some of these heretics like googled or or or well David Sloan Wilson who promotes group selection or something like that are you certain your point I'm not a younger son Frank's Holloway's thesis is that is that younger sons are more likely to be rebels and elder ones Darwin was a younger son for example yeah I guess that in the world of Darwinism I'm kind of close to Orthodox neo-darwinism so Darwin himself as you know have no genetics and so there was the big revolution in Darwinism took place after Darwin the big revolution took place around the 1930s with the modern synthesis which was ushered in by Fisher and Holden and right and then joined by Myer and Dobson ski and people like that and I'm pretty true to that I mean that's that's a view of evolution where by what happens in evolution is that you have frequencies of genes in gene pools and they change as a consequence of various forces of which the most interesting force is natural selection and that's the only force we know that can give rise to adaptation but I think that you mentioned Gould for example I mean Gould was actually just as Orthodox as I am but he pretended to be a rebel he was the firstborn I believe so as was I and [Laughter] who were some of your early intellectual influences well my doctoral supervisor was Niko Tinbergen the Nobel Prize winning animal behaviorist ethologist and from him I suppose I learned to look at the world of biology through Darwinian eyes and he did that nowadays he would be considered somewhat outdated because he wasn't really into selfish genes and what people call sociobiology and things like that but I did learn a lot from him he talked about machinery for survival and I condensed that into survival machine in my in my Selfish Gene so I suppose Tinbergen was my big influence there there were others that are that are less well known in terms of writing style I suppose I would mention Peter Medawar Sir Peter Medawar who was a Nobel prize-winning medical scientist he was originally zoologist who then switched to medical research and he had a wonderful cutting wit a wonderful urbane wit and his his essays are just a delight to read I strongly recommend any of his essays his his book reviews his negative book reviews the greatest negative book reviews ever written his review of tired ashada the phenomena nobody reads tired of sorry anymore do they I don't think but when I was an undergraduate I was taken in by my father tired until I read Medawar who I might even remember some of the some of the lines from it um there is a point in it to be sure a weak point abominably expressed and then at the at the end he says how have people come to be taken in by tired we have to remember that the spread of primary and secondary education and latterly of tertiary education has created a large population of people of well-developed cultural tastes who've been educated far beyond their capacity to undertake analytical thoughts and it is through their eyes that we must read tyre so meta was are constantly constantly noticing charlatans frauds the kind of people you go after Michael but in particular people who who pretend to be profound and to language it up who use long words where they're not necessary who pretend that their subject is difficult when it isn't I forget whether it was he who coined the phrase physics Envy what I mean physics is a genuinely difficult subject and so you'll find that physicists when they try to explain physics work really hard at making it simple whereas there are certain other academic disciplines which I won't mention which have absolutely no content at all and therefore and therefore have to work hard to make it seem profound bye-bye I once coin Dawkins his law of conservation of obscurity which said stated that how did it go I'll think of it soon it's it's a it modeled after Parkinson's dog you know work expands to fill the time available for it um it's something like the the level of obscurantism in an after in an academic discipline expands to fill the vacuum left by its intrinsic simplicity or something that's not bad reminds me of Christopher Hitchens comment about everyone has a book in them and in most cases that's where it should stay this was a 1960s or in 1950 1960s I did my doctorate at Oxford in the early 1960s and then I went to Berkeley as a very young assistant professor in the late 60s so Darwin's 1859 so this is a whole century before Tinbergen and Lorenz began to study the application of evolution yeah every Theory to behavior why would it what it did it take so long do you think Oh in a way that's less difficult I mean I think a harder problem is why did it take so long for Darwin to arrive on the scene I mean you know why did it take until 1859 why didn't I res dot or get it you know it's it's such a simple idea but once Darwin had got it I mean it's it's true that well Julian Huxley was studying animal behavior in a sort of Darwinian way in the 1920s and they would but various Germans who were as well yeah I don't mind that so it's such a puzzle actually maybe the Second World War the eugenics well that didn't help yes so before the God Delusion you were best known for The Selfish Gene what what what was sort of the spark for the genes I view of evolution well that was Bill Hamilton whom I hadn't met then my late colleague and late colleague alas WD Hamilton who ended up at Oxford he in 1964 as a very lonely young graduate student wrote a pair of brilliant papers called the genetical evolution of social behavior in which he laid out the conditions for the evolution of altruism under what was later called kin selection I've made up Smith this was the genes I view and I was greatly inspired by that in the mid 60s shortly after the paper came out and Tinbergen went on a sabbatical leave and I was just I just got my doctorate and he asked me if I would give his lectures for him at Oxford and he gave me his lecture notes but I didn't actually use them instead I really went for Hamilton's ideas which I've just read and was really fired up about and so I base quite a few of those lectures on the genes eye view of behavior this would have been in about 1965 I suppose and then I went to Berkeley as a young assistant professor and again I taught a course jointly with George Barlow on animal behavior and I gained put a lot of Hamilton into that and so really the the bones of The Selfish Gene were laid down in about 1965 in in that course of lectures at Oxford I didn't actually get around to writing it until a decade later actually I started writing it in 1972 because there was a major series of strikes in Britain the so called three-day week and there were power cuts with it but electric power was rationed there were sold days when you got no electric power absorber kept on going off and so I couldn't do my research at that time and so I started writing a book I started writing The Selfish Gene and then unfortunately the power came back on again so and then I got a sabbatical leave in 1975 and then finished the book off did you intend it for your colleagues only or did you know it would also be a popular site oh I'm no I intended it to follow for laypeople you did yes and what inspired you to do that most professional scientists and academics don't aspire to write for the public I wanted to write for both I believed as David Lac who was another senior biologist at Oxford at the time the great ornithologist he he wrote books that were though original contributions to the subject and designed for laypeople and I've since developed the idea that that should happen more often and which really shouldn't have this separation between utterly incomprehensible papers in nature and books that are described as popularization as though there's a profession of science writer whose job it is to read the incomprehensible papers in nature and translate them into lay people's language I think we could all benefit scientists could benefit if they wrote for other scientists as though they were writing for laypeople and you know they would probably actually understand it themselves better if they wrote and to what do you attribute your writing skills you definitely stand out above most other authors just in the prose style is that your background education did you read certain writers who you inculcated their style or is it just a muse of genius well I've already mentioned Peter Medawar as one as one influence and I wouldn't say I consciously imitate him but when I'm writing a book review of a really bad book I mean look he's he's kind of grinning over my shoulder I suppose Oxford an Oxford degree every week you write an essay or two you're sent into the library with an whether with a reading list of original research papers and you have to turn yourself into the world authority on the subject because you're reading the original research papers and then you have to write an essay on it and the essay is supposed to be pretty good not many of them are but but it is weakly practice and writing so I suppose that helps I can't really give a formula for how I write I suppose one thing that I think I've noticed is that I I find myself whenever I read through my staff which I do well when I'm writing and I read through what I've just done I unconsciously catch myself imagining that I am some particular other individual who's doing the reading and it it maybe just be somebody that I've just spoken to on the phone or something of that sort I may have had a letter from somebody that morning and so I've got him or her in my mind and then the next time I read through my chapter quite unconsciously I realized that I'm so to speak playing make-believe that that I am that person and I spot things that he would spot that he would wouldn't understand and so that it's a kind of Darwinian process of natural selection that each time each time I read through it as there's a different selection pressure and and so it changes each time and your next inspiration is a children's book yes well I I'm working on a children's book now I'm halfway through it it is called the magic of reality there's a market test for a title right there yeah I'm pleased about that mean it it's not just funny is it I mean it's it's actually not a bad title as it it's it's okay it's a it's a series of scientific questions which can be read in any order they do then there's not a thread through the book is just twelve separate chapters each chapter is a question like what is an earthquake what is a rainbow what is the Sun who was the first man and each chapter begins with four or five myths answering the question so myths about the first man myths about a rainbow myths about the Sun and then having got through the myths by the way I always try to throw in the judeo-christian myth sort of just tossed in among the others so it doesn't get any sort of special treatment and then then the last half of the chapter is what what really is an earthquake or what really is the Sun what really is a rainbow and so on so it's it's it's a science book but it's contrasted with myths and it's illustrated by an artist called Dave McKean who is a celebrated children's artist I get the feeling he loves doing the myths and he's summoning up some enthusiasm for the science as well so you're you're here in America you're touring for the paperback edition of the greatest show on earth the evidence for evolution so if by Fiat I could command all broadcast networks to give you ten minutes at six o'clock primetime to tell us what your book is about that is tell us how do you know evolution is true or happened you want me to do ten minutes now no well five minutes just what's your book about what are you well it goes through the evidence step by step and it begins by debunking the preposterous idea that because people say evolution is only a theory but therefore it somehow has no particular scientific status and that's just a linguistic misunderstanding of the world theory of course as everybody in this room knows almost everybody in this room knows chapter 2 is about domestication so I'm following Darwin's pattern here Darwin looked at domestic breeding of dogs of pigeons I look at dogs I look at cabbages almost anything that we're human farmers horticulturalists or just pet breeders and have got their hands on it's astonishing how rapidly you can cause major change in the form of a body a Pekinese is a wolf and it's become a Pekinese through not that many centuries of selective breeding by human eyes so that shows the power of selection it's artificial selection not natural selection but it shows what selection can do and when you reflect that a wolf turns into a Pekinese in a matter of a few centuries just think what you could achieve in a million centuries which is what geology more than what geology gives us the next chapter is called the primrose path to macro evolution and it's a chapter of gentle seduction seducing the reader slowly step by step from domestic breeding to natural selection from domestic selection artificial selection to natural selection going by peahens selecting peacocks going via insects selecting flowers this looks very like human eyes selecting dogs or human eyes selecting cabbages but this is unconscious selection by peahens and by insects and then go on from that to eyes in natural selection eyes of birds selecting insects to become more and more like stick insects now the stick insects are prey to them to the birds the birds eyes are selecting so that they become harder and harder to find the birds don't actually want them to become harder and harder to find but that's the inadvertent consequence of the fact that the birds eyes are doing the choosing so where I'm seducing the reader away from artificial selection towards natural selection and then true natural selection which was Darwin's great insight you don't need eyes to do the selecting at all survival by itself will do the job and no matter how deeply buried in the animal no matter how obscurely contained within the biochemistry of the cell the the benefit is anything that benefits survival will get passed on if it's genetically inherited the next chapter is about how we know how old the world is and how we know how old fossils are using radioactive isotopes etc the next chapter is about evolution before your very eyes there are some cases mostly evolution happens before we're born and so we can't actually see it as hi witnesses and I used the analogy of a detective coming on the scene of a crime and unable to actually see the murder committed nevertheless can work out what happened by looking at fingerprints and bloodstains and footprints and things like that well that's the position we're in we come on the scene after evolution but we have fingerprints in the form of DNA we of footprints in the form of fossils and we have other clues not just a few clues like the best detective could ever hope to get but millions of clues and they all add up to the one conclusion but the chapter on before your very eyes shows that there are some cases where evolution happens by natural selection so fast that you actually can see it within a human lifetime and there are several rather nice examples of that the next two chapters about fossils the much water creationists love the fossil record because they've all been taught to say that there are gaps in the fossil record well of course there are gaps in the fossil record what do you expect do you expect to have a continuous cinematic a continuous cine camera video camera recording every single thing that ever happened you don't have a cine camera what we have is a still camera and a very erratic still camera taking very out-of-focus poor quality pictures which are fossils and there are of course gaps in the fossil record but what there is not is a single fossil in the wrong place now that really would be sensational as JBS Haldane said when asked what would disprove evolution fossil rabbits in the Precambrian nothing like that has ever been found there are no anachronistic fossils the number of opportunities for the theory of evolution to be disproved is simply gigantic it would only take one fossil mammal in the Precambrian - just to blow it out of the water and there'd be millions of opportunities for that to happen not a single time as it ever happened the next chapter is oh by the way another another point is that there are some modern animals very widespread and and numerous animal phyla like the flatworms where there's not a single fossil one might say if you took gaps in the fossil record seriously these animals were born yesterday but not even creationists think that I mean they presumably think that flatworms were created in 4004 BC along with everything else and yet they've not left any fossils so there's one big gap as far as the flatworms are concerned so what we don't need fossils fossils are there are the least important evidence for evolution the evolution as a fact and it is a fact by the way evolution as a fact would be utterly secure if there was not a single fossil anywhere in the world then there are other chapters on there as well wrong human fossils then there are other chapters on the different kinds of evidence that are not fossil evidence like evidence from geographical distribution and I contrast the actual distribution of animals on the islands and continents of the world which is exactly what you'd expect if they'd been if they devolved I can trust that with the distribution that you might expect if they'd all dispersed from Mount Ararat all the marsupials somehow migrated on master Australia then there's a chapter on comparative evidence which in Darwin's time he did with Anatomy comparing say the arm of a man the wing of a bird the wing of a bat they the Spade of a mole these are all homologous limbs they all have the same bones but just pulled in two different shapes by evolution but nowadays we can do much better than Darwin ever knew because we've got molecules we've got genes and the beauty of genes is that every creature has the same genetic code and so you can literally count the number of letters of the DNA code that are different or similar or the same I should say in any pair of species that you like so you couldn't quantify literally quantify by Counting the pattern of resemblances between species and when you do that and plot it out it falls on a beautiful hierarchical branching tree and what could that be but a family tree what could that be but a pedigree and when you do it for different molecules different genes you get the same tree and is the same trees you get from comparative anatomy it's an open-and-shut case then there's a chapter called history written all over us showing that if you look at the bodies of modern animals a game we don't need fossils fossils not important look at the bodies of modern animals you see written right through them relics of their past relics of the history in some cases these amount to pathetically bad design if you want to think that there's a designer he's not a very good design because you see vestiges of the past which are hopelessly badly designed like the recurrent laryngeal nerve which goes starts in the brain and goes to the larynx goes to the voice box but instead of going straight to the voice box it goes down into the chest loop's around one of the main arteries in the chest and then go straight back up again to the larynx in a giraffe that's a 15-foot Dietl if you were in quality control in an electronics factory you'd send it back and somebody wouldn't somebody would get fired and there are lots of examples like that then there's a chapter on arms races evolutionary arms races which which is why I mean arms race is between predators and prey parasites and hosts this is why animals look so beautifully designed why they're so complicated why they have beautiful eyes and ears and running fast running limbs it's because their enemies are good at it too cheetahs are brilliantly good at catching gazelles because gazelles are brilliantly good at running away from cheetahs and this escalation has been going on and that's the evolutionary arms race and I point out that there's something uh Nocona mikhyl about the arms race if you look at if you imagine it was done by intelligent design and you look at a cheetah it's obviously beautifully designed for catching gazelles then you look at the gazelle and it's beautifully designed for escaping from cheetahs for heaven's sake whose side is the designer on Wow by the way we have lots of copies of this book it's a list see if we can put to see if we get the number one best-selling hardback and paperback in America you seem to know a lot about this subject evolution and yet I saw on Bill Maher show last Friday that next week's guests that is this Friday night's guests include and I quote the Atheist writer Richard Dawkins so yeah yeah strident and shrill do they add that does seem to get added a lot why do you think that is it's become part of the word hasn't it it's just like in French you don't say table you say lap table and it's the la is just a part of the word you cannot say the word atheist in modern culture without preceding it with the word strident it's just it's part of the word or militant yeah militant or shrill I don't know any of those will do well I thought I'd throw you a Larry King asked softball questions with the recent Pew study showing that atheists and agnostics know more about religion and the Bible than and holy books and and believers I suspect this did not pass over your observational skills and that came out why do you suppose that is well yeah I think there are two reasons I mean the firt the first reason is that atheists and agnostics know more about everything and the second reason is that is that the more you know about religion the more dopey you realize it is so the results then you would say are a proxy for education or intelligence that's my first reason but I think the other reason actually is probably true as well because if people really really read the Bible and saw what an utter horror story it is they wouldn't be so keen on it I mean they wouldn't base their morality on the Bible for a start and I hope nobody here bases their morality on the Bible because if so we're we're in a bad way I don't know where they get this idea that you're straight straight don't mince words how do you really feel no just kidding that mean that is more or less undeniable if you actually look at what the what the Bible in joins you to do its in its utterly intolerable my modern standards and of course we get away from that by saying oh we don't believe that anymore we've given up stoning adulteress is to death actually not all parts of the way I have given up stony advantages to death but we in at least in Christendom are given up stoning adulteress is to death so we've given that up but it's cherry-picking you choose which verses of the Bible to give up and which verses to to keep so you might as well use whatever criteria you use for choosing and dispense with the Bible in the first place in response to this few results monday's USA Today paper had an op-ed by Stephen Protheroe who wrote that book on why people need to know what's in the Bible and his his argument the op-ed was that we should actually mandate religious education in public schools because not for the reason you might suspect you and say for your second reason on the results but but that but that in fact it's good to know that that that stuff just as educational purpose I do think it's good and and I think it's good to learn not just Christianity or whatever particular branch of religion you've been brought up in but I think it's important for children to learn about the phenomenon of religion which is a no doubt a very salient phenomenon in human psychology and anthropology you need to learn that there are people who believe this and people who believe that on people who believe the other and when you study that full diversity of religious beliefs that are available throughout the world you realize there is nothing special about the one you happen to have been brought up in so that's yet another reason to to favor religious education there are others too I mean the Bible the at least the King James Version of the Bible is a beautiful piece of literature in English it's got to be the King James Version I mean vanity of vanities said the preacher becomes something like futile futile everything's futile can you imagine debasing the literature of that wonderful vanity of vanities of the preacher all his vanity and because the preacher wasn't was wise and that's such wonderful English and to debase that to futile futile everything's futile modern translations of the Bible are part to be encouraged in one respect however which is that if you actually read it so that you understand it in modern English once again you realize how dopey it is and it it's if religious people had any sense they'd have stuck with Latin so that people couldn't actually understand what was going on so you would predict as a hypothesis a testable hypothesis that mandatory say comparative world religions studies in school would decrease religiosity in a couple I bet it would yeah yeah that's a good study for somebody to do it is and related to that I'm gonna I'm gonna sort of loop around to this well how would you describe your politics I've really heard you say much about your politics you know we're left and right here on a spectrum it's something similar but not quite the same in England yes I've always been puzzled by how actually useful the left-right continuum is you never I never have believed that you could have a one-dimensional continuum of political opinion such that if you know what somebody feels about say the death penalty you pretty much know what they think about everything else I mean isn't that remarkable that it all sits on one dimension which such that we can actually call it left and right in Britain I have all I've never voted conservative which is the which is I suppose equivalent to sort of right-wing Democrats here I've I have voted I have voted labor and I mostly vote nowadays either Liberal Democrat but they have just formed a coalition government with the Conservatives I'm not quite sure where we go from them from there it's so I suppose I'm of the center-left politically now Sam Harris makes a point in his new book that he's a liberal he describes himself as a progressive or a liberal and yet he takes takes difference with them on dealing with dangerous people like the Taliban or extremely fundamentalists who liberals tend to think we can reason our way with most people through logic and so forth and yet you would probably agree there are some people that you just can't reason with they're not going to come around yeah you don't have to go to the Taliban to meet people like that yes I mean III think what one has to be a bit pessimistic about the possibility of reasoning people out of certain beliefs particularly religious beliefs because I think they're inculcated so young at some sort of a critical period and you will actually meet people who will say something like I understand all the evidence that the world is well Kurt wise actually said this Kurt wise the geologist he got a degree in geology at Chicago and then a PhD in geology at Harvard under Stephen Gould no less and he is a young earth creationist who knows a lot about geology he knows perfectly well the world is old and yet because the scripture says it's young he goes with Scripture rather than evidence and he actually said if all the evidence in the universe pointed to an Old Earth I would be the first to admit it but I would still be a young earth creationist because that is what Holy Scripture tells me now that is a shocking betrayal of human intelligence and indeed of a Harvard education and somebody like that you cannot reason out of anything it seems to me if you if you actually goes on record as saying that when when push comes to shove if scriptural Dogma goes against scientific evidence you're going to go with Scripture then I don't see how you can reason your way out of that and if I mean Curt wise is not dangerous but the Taliban are and similar people are and it doesn't take many to do these terrible terrible things that that we know suicide bombings and flying planes into buildings and so on it only takes a minority to actually take their religion seriously as some Harris himself said you have to understand these people really believe what they say the I believe you can't say that of many people in Christendom but you can say to many people in the Islamic world they really believe what they say they believe they actually believe that if they die a martyr's death if they blow themselves up while killing a lot of innocent people that will send them straight to heaven it's very very hard to reason people out a lot of them I met Tony Blair and Bill Gates at a they were having an in conversation like this and and Tony Blair who I know you're not crazy about made a similar argument that there's dangerous people in this world there's people that wish us harm that wished they would love to kill us we need a strong military we have to be aggressive we have to have fairly strong foreign policy politically these are the kinds of arguments conservatives make and it seems like you would at least in part support some of it or I don't know whether I really don't know i mean i i've read sam harris on this and i couldn't see what see where he's coming from it goes against all my instincts i mean i'd i hate the idea of violence and military fighting of any sort but you know i I guess I would have probably fought the Nazis and I mean I think the Taliban are as bad as the Nazis right so you know about Jonathan hates research on five moral dimensions politically between that left and right spectrum so Jonathan has that liberals tend to emphasize harm care and fairness and reciprocity especially for the little guy and conservatives tend to emphasize those two somewhat but more strongly in-group loyalty respect for authority and purity and sanctity of the body and so forth sexually and so on and that his point is that it's not that the left or right in the in the right or incorrect or ones one is good one is evil one is right but one is wrong is that these are all five of these dimensions are important for human life we are a hiker hierarchical social primate species we do need to have respect for authority we need rules and the rule of law or else people cheat and they will if they can get away with it so we have to have a fairly strict society with well-defined and well enforced rules the rule of law and and that's a kind of a conservative argument and and yet there's so in other words there's this tension would you say that that this is sort of a spectrum that we can say some it's not that one is right and the other wrong it's just that different people emphasize different things so you mean it's important for society to have different people I mean we need people from all parts of that of that spectrum to mean well it just that that is the way it is yeah so instead of saying the Conservatives are idiots and wrong and the Liberals are right like most academics would say he hates point is that no that we have to take a different perspective from a scientist perspective this is this is reflecting something about human nature that conservatives realize something about human nature that people will cheat if they can get away with it people are evil and they'll kill us if they can we got to have a strong military strong rule of law and you liberals are too wishy-washy mamby-pamby flip-floppers this is no good we got it we got to be strong and yet liberals will make this other emphasis about harm care reciprocity fairness justice but when you actually look at people who call themselves conservatives they're idiots I mean I I don't mean that I don't mean that they leave at the point of view that that Jonathan hate attributes to them is idiotic not at all okay I mean that the individuals they include people like Sarah Palin fair enough all right I won't push that those are easy targets to be sure you have said that that morality are moral values the sense of right or wrong or something there's something like a misfiring that is why are we nice to people that that were not related to we don't know and this is it's sort of an accident of evolution something like that yes I mean I think that that does seem to be a streak of niceness in humans which goes beyond what any Darwinian would have recommended and from that that's if they believed that we should follow Darwinian principles as I absolutely don't and it's why I often said that I am a passionate anti-darwinian when it comes to to how we should live it's it's very difficult or naive Darwinian grounds to explain things like giving money to charity there's a feeling of sympathy and empathy that we feel when we see somebody in great distress and we want to go and put an arm around them and console them why do people give blood when they're not paid to do so why do people stop to help somebody who's in distress none of these things in a naive sense fit in with a Darwinian worldview at all and as you say I would interpret them as being mistakes there are good Darwinian reasons for being nice to a restricted set of people namely kin close kin that's the Hamilton theory I was talking about earlier and individuals that are likely to meet again and again and therefore are in a position to pay back favors done and that those are perfectly respectable Darwinian theories that the mathematics works the theory is good so there's certainly good reason to suppose that any species that lives in societies will show altruism towards familiar members of the society and towards kin now humans probably lived for much of their ancestral caste in small bands where the individuals that you were surrounded by were individuals that you would go on being surrounded by for much of your life therefore in a position to practice reciprocation moreover they would tend to be your close relatives they would tend to be not too much gene flow from band to band and therefore you would tend to be surrounded by close relatives both of which would be good reasons to be nice to everybody you know nowadays we are no longer living in small villages or small roving bands we're living in big cities where we meet millions of people were never going to meet ever again and they're not our kin on average but nevertheless the rule of thumb that was implanted in our brains in our ancestral past when we did live in small villages or small roving bands the rule of thumb said be nice to everyone you meet and there's no reason why we should give up the rule of thumb just because we're cognitively aware that we're no longer in small bands I mean we have sexual lusts and we still have those sexual lusts even though we know perfectly well they're using a contraceptive and therefore it's the population that we're indulging and is not there to give rise to a child which is biological function the lust is still there and similarly we have a lust to be nice which dates from the same time as the lust to be passive as for sex before contraception so the lust to be nice still plays itself out even though the conditions for its biological function to be realized have now disappeared so it's I mean by a mistake I think it's a blessed mistake I mean I'm delighted we've got that that mistake I would hate to live in a world of dog-eat-dog competition where everybody is selfish and tries to go out for themselves and I'm definitely a liberal and in that sense I believe in social welfare and looking after the weekend and so on which is a very under Willian thing to do the weird thing is that political conservatives who you might think would be the most Darwinian are the ones who think the world began 4004 BC in his book and Sally and Ted Wilson makes this distinction between empiricists and transcendentalist s-- and transcendentalists would be say theists who want moral values to somehow be outside of ourselves some Archimedean point outside of the world that you know these moral values really exist out there like some platonic form or whatever that God gave us but why can't we argue that instead of saying moralities a mistake or or it's a simple reciprocity calculation that our brains or evolution made for us why can't we say those moral values really are transcendent they transcend you and I or Americans or Brits or whatever they belong to the human species you get them when you're born and therefore it's transcended and that well yes I mean I think but I pretty much am saying that butBut as he was speaking I realized I should have added that we are also potentially we're rational thinkers and we could actually get together as philosophers and work out the kind of society we want to live in and we could all agree that we want to live in a society in which we pay our taxes in which we look after the weak in which we care for the old and the sick that's the sort of society we cognitively want to live in and we get together to agree that that's what we're going to have as our society and so that really does seem to me to be something that humans alone in the whole animal kingdom conceivably could achieve how confident are you that we could get there not next decade but 500 years 5,000 I'm there always going to be a substantial at very very best a substantial minority who will be Free Riders or criminals or or who will exploit the others so but very least you'd have to have you have to have policing and and this gets us back to the religious question I mean do we always need it will that always be there with us or in this a long view 500 years a thousand years five thousand years from now we will evolve culturally beyond that will we give will we manage to free ourselves self yeah I guess just personally what do you think just your optimism versus pessimism well I think if you take the long view over centuries things are going in the right direction I mean nowadays there's a very substantial number of people especially educated people who are no longer religious but in Newton's time everybody even somebody as intelligent as Newton was religious so we're making progress yeah so you're an optimist well well that presupposes a lot of Education well and that's the idea of a mass education yes and it doesn't look good in countries where educating girls is actually not allowed you know anthias well okay fair enough then back to my previous question if we cannot go to some of these theocratic dictatorial countries and tuck them into it might it be a good idea to see if we can persuade them forcefully to take up democracy so we can get them there gosh I'm not going there I mean it I can sort of see that in it in a small group in over drinks one might speculate about before we get to the Q&A I thought I'd riffle through some of these Twitter questions and some are light hearted some are a little more serious so Tom and Audrey fisher-price would like to know do you have any guilty pleasures like a bad science fiction movie like or pizza or survivor or something like that what do you do for fun what do I do for fun besides this this is fun yeah this is fun I'm not going to answer that quick okay I will what I will do is quote a third party and this is not my answer but it always amused me Horace de Vere Cole the famous Edwardian hoaxster who long long ago he did he hoax the British fleet by pressing up as the Emperor of Ethiopia blacked up and carrying a party around to inspect the home fleet including Virginia Woolf and they went around saying bunga bunga bunga bunga and questions were asked in the House of Commons it was a most terrible scandal but anyway that's not the point of the story Horace de Vere Cole you know in who's who you have to put recreation which is what you're asking me now what you do when you're not working and people put golf and things like that Horace de Vere Cole put [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but the publishers didn't allow it this was this was Edwardian times you probably know the story about Dorothy Parker when she explained why she doesn't go to church Sunday mornings no okay oh she said because she's too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] busy and vice-versa where to go after that I don't know that okay so one of our guests here tonight Tyson Jacobson would like to know tell us about your experience in the UK during the Pope's visit and in what country would he the Pope be arrested for pedophilia and obstruction of justice he said my friend Tyson here says I'm planning my next vacation and I want to hang out with some people with backbones yes I don't think the Pope himself is guilty of pedophilia as a matter of fact he's probably guilty of covering it up and of and I think the reason for this is the is the Roman Catholic Church's obsession with sin as opposed to crime so to them what really matters is has the sin been confessed once you've been to confession you wipe the slate clean never mind the wretched altar boil or whatever but if the priest has been to confession and confessed it then he's no longer guilty and he can be safely moved to another parish where he's going to do it again so and undoubtedly Benedict the sixteenth as Cardinal Ratzinger was was guilty of abetting that process as you may know Christopher Hitchens has suggested to me that we should start a movement to arrest the Pope when he arrived in Britain it wasn't really like that and we were never going to arrest the Pope what we did was to arrange to pay a lawyer a rather hype on his civil rights lawyer called Geoffrey Robertson to make a very thorough investigation of the case that could be made against the Pope as it were act as an independent prosecutor not to actually do the arrest which we never thought we could do but to lay out the case for the prosecution so that any country in the world could look at this case for the prosecution and decide whether there was enough evidence there and Geoffrey Robertson concluded that yes there certainly is and there's a substantial he put this into a book by the way which was published Britain it's called the case of the Pope and it's obtainable on my website and I recommend it Richard Dawkins dotnet it's a it's a book-length laying out of the indictment against the Pope both for covering up the pedophilia and it also makes a strong case that the Pope could not claim diplomatic immunity as a head of state because the status of the Vatican as an independent country as an independent state is exceedingly dubious and so he looked up the history of of the way the Vatican became at least partially recognized as an independent state and it's full of holes so the there are sort of two parts to the case that Geoffrey Robertson made I believe that Belgium is one country where it might be feasible to arrest the Pope so perhaps your friend could arrange that well our own friend bill and I here asks it wonders about your so-called strident atheism is it is this a conscious strategy to take a certain approach toward religion any theism or is it just a reflection of just how you feel about the whole thing it's not true I'm not striving okay is that just a product of the culture because any criticism of religion that's what yes I mean if you if you actually compare if you actually look at the most strident passages you can find not just in me but in but in Sam Harris or or any of the so-called horsemen it's it's chicken feed compared to theater criticism or restaurant criticism it's because it's religion it's because religion has had a free ride all these centuries when you've just not allowed to criticize it as Douglas Adams said rather rather beautifully there are certain things you're not allowed to say why not you are just not you can't criticize religion and therefore if you say something really very very mild about about religion it sounds strident it really does it sounds strident because it's so sort of unexpected and that's what we've got to change religion has got to stand up and take its criticism just like restaurants and plays but I do think that that I mean there's a bit of an argument going on among atheistic circles now about whether we should be nice or not and I've had this argument with you Michael before and I've now the way I now formulated is that we should not be abusive we should not say to somebody you are an idiot as the British journalist Johann Hari says and I rather like this quotation I respect you as an individual too much to respect your ridiculous beliefs that's well put so what we want to go for is is not abuse but ridicule I suppose in the same way that the story of how the Ku Klux Klan got sort of ridiculed out of acceptability or it's just ridiculous to want to belong to something like that this is what you haven't I didn't know that but but if that is what happened yes yeah I mean what well also what happened about McCarthy was it was he in the end ridiculed all how did well challenged initially and then yeah so it takes somebody forceful to stand up and say something and that would appear to be you and at what so why the god delusions popularity in whatever 2006 I think it came out why not in 96 oh I believe you were thinking about publishing it back then yes I was and my literary agent said you can't do that it won't sell in America and for all I know he was right and then and then 9/11 happened george w bush happened and and so it then then he got in touch with me and said now is the time to do it but I like to think that actually it's not as strident as you think I mean it's I like to think that the bits that might be interpreted as strident are actually ridicule I mean for example there's a passage about Pope for the previous Pope John Paul the second Private Eye calls Pope Ringo who was who was shot and the bullet just stopped short of his heart or something and he attributed his survival to Our Lady of Fatima who intervened to stop the bullet hitting a vital spot and you know one wonders why she didn't deflect the bullet altogether so that it missed him but but then having said that I said call attention to the fact that it wasn't just our lady who the Pope thought had stopped the bullet it was specifically Our Lady of Fatima and then I added presumably Our Lady of knock our Lady of major Gauri Our Lady of you name them and I can't think about about half a dozen different our ladies were busy on other errands at the time well that's what I mean by ridicule as opposed to as opposed to abuse I suspect that Catholics will hear that as abuse but it's not it's it's it's just it's just ridicule let's see somebody here and probably named Devin Shermer if you can believe that they have the same last name as me but the chances of that asks actually a very similar question to what ayaan Hirsi Ali asked that if we have to have religion Devin asks what would you change in religion to make it a better world ayaan Hirsi Ali makes the claim that well if I had to pick one I guess Christianity is the least violent or the most rational of the bunch given that we're probably this probably isn't going to go away anytime soon yes I mean I mean given a choice of the available of the leading religions in them in the world I mean Christianity has gotta be better hasn't it I mean that given when you think of the alternatives so yes I mean I'd go along with the iron on that but it's still pretty bad while I'm formulating a final question if you want to take some line up at the mics to ask your own questions of Richard before we do the book signing please go ahead what can individuals do members of the skeptics the humanists the atheists and so on who email you me and so forth and say what can I do I want to do something to help push the ball down the field just a little bit what do you tell people what do you suggest I think we're in the business of what feminists used to call consciousness raising so we're not trying to legislate we're trying to get people to think in a different way and just as feminists really remarkably successfully got us all to flinch when we heard something like the future of man as opposed to the future of humanity they managed to achieve that in a really quite short space of time consciousness-raising we should be able to do that and raise consciousness such that it's no longer taboo to be an atheist for example it's no longer impossible elected if you are an atheist and my own particular pet cause it should no longer be acceptable to describe a tiny child as belonging to a certain religion so I want to raise this is my own personal crusade raising consciousness so that you never ever say a Catholic child or a Muslim child or an Anglican child that's a sin you should know more you should no more talk of a Catholic child than you talk of a postmodernist child ora or a Hayekian monetarist child you cannot morally graft the opinions of a parent onto a child as though you just automatically buying into the idea that a child simply inherits the opinions of of it of its parents so please raise consciousness and whenever you hear anybody talking about a Catholic child or a Muslim child stop them and say no you don't mean that do you think you mean a child of Catholic parents at best so where can people go to get like The Scarlet Letter a pin and Richard Dawkins don't match Richard Dawkins net well this is part of the consciousness-raising yes is wearing it on your lapel okay so we'll go ahead and take some questions now and I'll just alternate them we'll start with you go ahead notice by the way no speeches just fire it out there get that line what is your favorite way to celebrate life with others as an atheist you know churches have congregation I think it's an important question because many people do need some sort of assembly some sort of getting together and we probably don't have enough of that and I think we probably should I mean gatherings like this are great where you have I don't know lectures slideshows film shows and so on constant there are all sorts of things you can do if you've ever been to a purely secular funeral they nearly always better than religious funerals where you have poems of the dead person favorite poems of the dead person eulogies and so on I mean the the actual prayers in a religious funeral are not only boring well my wife says that she welcomes them because they are the one thing that makes her stop crying she's laughing so much over here we're talking about the ridiculing religion and I wonder how the guys over at South Park do that a lot and they attack lots of different religions I wonder how you feel about that form of or how you feel about that show and then also how you feel about being on the episode I only seen one episode of South Park which somebody sent me because I was in it I was not impressed I think that satire ought to be satirising something it's not enough just to kind of randomly satirize something that has no connection whatever with the target of the satire and so I thought that the South Park episode may not be true of all of them the episode I thought I saw I thought was pure I'll juvenile and worthless yes I think much of your career has been involved in trying to educate the public about science and just I think a couple of weeks ago a national academy of science study came out short saying that in the United States that math and science education is taken a die for the worst and I just wonder if you could speak to that problem and what do you think you know can be done from a practical standpoint to try to reverse that problem I'm not American and it would be presumptuous to say too much about this country it I suppose although my own subject of evolution which is everything I really do know about is not probably directly relevant to education in mathematics and physical sciences I said I think I believe that if science education in one department namely biology has been allowed to be walked to the extent that it has because of religious bigotry that that might rub off on other sciences I doubt whether you can really isolate Sciences and say that oh well physical south is physics and maths is not affected by religious bigotry so that should be fine I suspect that there's a kind of climate of anti science which which spreads from maybe the maybe the focal point is the battle over over evolution so that science becomes something that's seen as as generally threatening I die simply don't know whether that's true it's hard to think what why otherwise if this should be I mean if the suggestion is that the United States is falling behind other advanced countries in this is what was that the situation that I mean I it's hard to think of any other explanation I mean it at present the United States is beyond a doubt the leading scientific power in the world and so I it's hard to think what what could be going wrong but maybe something along the lines I've suggested over here knows about irrationality in general I was in line tonight with some ladies who I assume are atheists huge fans of yours but they're also anti-vaxxers and they think there's a conspiracy basically to buy big drug companies and they're gonna use vaccinations to make money and stuff what would you say to people like that well I'm worried by that sort of phenomenon and I did hear a suggestion which i think is quite interesting which is that there are some people who are temperamentally contrarian and so they will they may be people who tend to be anti whatever is generally accepted and so they that might make them anti religious that's why they're atheist but then that might also make them anti Orthodox medicine that's the only thing I can say well now or made it may apply it yeah some of that yeah okay yes several of my atheist friends have been debating this particular dilemma or the situation that if there was another 911 type of attack on on America or any other first world country that there would be a revolution against religion because if there was if it was religiously motivated the atheist would stand up and see look what's happening of course the other side of that is that the religion would say up this is why we need our religion so your comment on that well I think that is rather what did happen in 9/11 isn't it I mean I can remember that my my own immediate reaction was to blame religion but also to feel a sense of solidarity with with this nation I sort of had a sort of bin ein amerikaner and then a couple of days later this country spawn at all by having a multi-denominational service of where all these prelate sand preachers and pastors and Imams and people got together to celebrate the very force that was responsible for the for the outrage and standing up there doing their tremulous Martin Luther King imitations I made me feel positively sick I mean I'd lost my feeling of solidarity rather rapidly you know Winston Churchill and said you can always count on Americans to do the right thing after they've tried everything else let's come over here my question was kind of related to the anti-science question and the 9/11 question do you think that the anti science movement that's come about with in the past I'm not sure maybe a couple decades we moved from Bill Nye the Science Guy to the eight-year-old that I'm teaching chess to going wow this is actually fun he doesn't think like smart things are fun and I'm wondering what you think about that like where we how we've gotten there and do you think that the fact that we don't stand by science we stand by Christianity and a lot in America do you think that we don't know how much of a leg to stand on against religion when we're like oh that's not reasonable that's Christianity you know each other I perhaps because I don't live in this country I'm not aware of the trends that you're talking about are you saying that that there has been an anti science movement among young children it's not as cool to be smart I don't think now I don't think okay I think it's not it's not cool to be smart generally or not generally scientifically smart generally the kids who play chess are the uncool kids basically and that news not to be true I'm not sure if it used to not be true well like girls tend to drop out in 7th or 8th grade from math and science is a problem that yes I mean I do know that in Britain there is a bit of a crisis in undergraduate entry we're talking an older age group now people entering university to study science and especially physical sciences and it is a bit of a crisis I mean they're there they're voting with their feet in droves against science and in - well I'm sorry to say Media Studies which means studying soap operas and and advanced intellectual problems like that a quick comment about the the survey that showed the atheists tend to know the Bible better than non-christians as next Christian myself I'm not surprised at all by that my experience was that Christians very much like the idea of a loving God without having to know any other detail so people like myself who actually read the Bible cover-to-cover ended up becoming atheists and so you ended up with a bimodal distribution whereby you had the X Christians who had read the Bible who knew it very well and the continuing Christians who hadn't read past John 3:16 and um my question though is that whew professor Dawkins creationists they're all equations tend to tends to be to strengthen the faith of believers and give them tools to deal with people like us and for yourself you've definitely given tools to skeptics but I was wondering how do you see your role on top of that of changing the mind of believers and have you received enough feedback from people who used to be believers to get an idea of how effective you've been in changing I've not done a systematic survey which I probably should have done I've got a lot of letters indicating that people have been a lot of people come up to me and said that they've changed their minds because reading that book so it's sort of anecdotally it seems to be successful in changing people's minds but I agree with you that it would be nice to do some some proper some proper surveys on the earlier argument about whether if you're trying to change people's minds your one one is one ought to be seducing them or tell them they're idiots or somewhere in between I do think there's a distinction between trying to change the mind of the person you're actually talking to and that you have a problem should you call him an idiot or there may be a hundred people listening in for example if I'm on a radio talk show and some and it's people phoning in and somebody phones in with some Daft I some Daft thing about creationism I could spend the time trying to cajole this one individual who's who's phoned in or I could say to myself that's a waste of time you're never going to convert him what you should be doing is think of all the thousands of people listening in to the radio and what's them what's the best tactic for persuading them and there it might very well be to to really take down the creationist rather than being all nice to him and say well have you ever thought that perhaps if you thought of it this way you might mean maybe after all you know you could still be a Christian and still be instead instead of doing doing that maybe it's it's a good tactic to to really show up what a fool he is because then you you may be influencing the thousands of other people who are who are listening many of your books in evolutionary biology I can kind of sense the underlying mathematics and in fact I can almost picture the nonlinear differential equations under I have two questions really how well developed is that mathematics these days and number two are there any good texts you can recommend because I've looked and I haven't been able to find any well it started in the 1930s with with Fisher and Holden and right as I said and it's been developed since and there are the whole journals devoted to mathematical theory of evolution I'm not up-to-date with the very latest books on it but they they certainly exist I mean they're it's a it's a well developed mathematical field yes I noticed you did mention a yawn her CEO Lee's feelings on Islam and how to deal with it basically she says we should replace it with Christianity and I noticed lately you have been engaging a lot more with Muslims in Britain which I applaud as an ex-muslim myself but I'd also like to know what do you personally feel is the best way to tackle the Muslim world gosh well apart from arguing the evidence which I still I mean that's that the main thing I do and and shall continue to do it I mean that the specific problems with the Muslim world it seems to me is that there is that Muslims are taught that the Quran is literally true whereas only only some Christians are and the the sort of the high ups the the the panjandrum of Christianity don't believe that the Pope's and bishops and people like that don't so you have that problem you have generations of children being brought up to believe that the best authority for science is the Koran and I had an experience of making a television program in Britain a few months ago and I was in an in a very nice Islamic school believe it or not we have those in Britain and it was well appointed school plenty of money spent on it and so on and the children every single one of them didn't believe in evolution and that and their teachers didn't either moreover that's because they because it contradicts the Quran and moreover any anything time when it contradicts the Quran that's the way they're going to go they told me that salty water and fresh water don't mix because it says that in the in the Quran in like an idiot I just made some sarcastic remark instead of turning to the teacher and saying tomorrow you are going to do an experiment and you're going to get some salty water and some fresh water in front of this class and you're going to see whether they mix but I actually suspect that even if it was shown them before their very eyes they would still go with the Quran so I'm actually pessimistic about that I did have one extra thought which is that Islam is a religion of military conquest so if you could think of a place like the Indian subcontinent Islam was introduced by military conquest and and in Africa Islam was was a religion of slavery the Swahili language was was part Arabic part Bantu spread as part of the Arab slave trade perhaps you could arouse some kind of historical pride and say look your ancestors if you happen to be in Pakistan your ancestors would have been Hindus and they became Muslims as a result of military conquest subjugation could that is that possible that one might arouse a sense of historic pride and and say is Islam is not the religion of peace its religion of war another experiment to run Richard I'm a really big fan there are so many questions that I could ask I'd like to preface the question I'm going to ask with just a thank you for all of your work the Richard found a Richard Dawkins foundation for science and reason I think everything that you do with your success to continue to raise consciousness is awesome the question being a big fan of yours I understand that you were friends with Douglas Adams who I am also a very big fan of and I was kind of wondering if you could talk a little bit about how that friendship developed and if Douglas was still around what he would have thought of The God Delusion and the greatest show on earth Douglas Adams described himself not as an atheist but as an anti theist he was absolutely adamant that nobody was ever going to mistake him for one of those agnostics I I first met him actually because I wrote him a fan letter the only fan letter I've ever written I read Dirk gently's holistic detective agency it's the it's the only book I've ever read where I reached the last page and turned straight back to the first page and started again and just remember the one wonderful scene of the the electric monk which you buy to do you're believing for you and the mark 2 electric monk it's so advanced that it's capable of believing things they wouldn't believe in Salt Lake City he wasn't he was a lovely man he was I first met him after I wrote this fan letter he wrote me a fan letter back which is very nice and he invited me to London and I went and knocked on the door and the door opened and this vast man opened the door I mean he must have been near a seven foot and six not fat I mean not an optically thin either I mean just really well-built huge and jovial benign funny just a wonderful companion and a tragic loss I think he appears in one of your documentaries growing up yes he does that's right I did the Royal Institution Christmas lectures in London which of the tradition started with Michael Faraday in the 1820s and it's now being televised and the tradition is that you give these five lectures and you call children out from from the audience to assist rather like a stage magician calling children out and I planted Douglas Adams in in the audience and at one point called for volunteers and all the children's little hands shot up and the Douglases hadn't shot up and I called him out and this huge man had gone and came to the came onto the stage and I said what's your name Douglas and anyway read it was far did he did he did he did he did a reading for me of from the restaurant at the end of the universe you remember the one where they're sitting down to have dinner and a large beast is comes up and says I am your dish of the day makes the very reasonable point that for generations people have been slaughtering cows and people started to get moral worries about this because and so the art of the moral worries was obviously to breed a race of animal that wanted to be eaten moreover one that was capable of saying so and so it started you know passing itself in all this various bits in sending my rump is very good I think and then finally they all ordered steaks and and so it said I'll go off and shoot myself let's come over here it's first genetic engineering what are your thoughts on genetic engineering and how will it affect evolution there are two parts to that the Darwinian process there's the selection part which is the non-random survival of genetic mutation and there's the mutation part which is the offering up of genetic mutation in the first place the selection part humanity has been controlling for centuries and that's how they we get their breeds of dogs and cabbages and so on but the mutation part were only just beginning to learn how to control and that's genetic engineering and so it is now possible since we understand so much of the genetic code it's now possible to actually induce particular mutations it's possible to me to do a pretty much exactly like in genetics is in our branch of computer science it's just that it's not binary it's quaternary and so you could actually copy and paste just like you can with computer code you can copy and paste from one organism to another even from plants to animals and so it is a field of immense promise for the future and possible risk it's one of those cases where you have to balance the promise with the risk and take account of it so-called precautionary principle professor I had read an article on the Guardian a couple of years ago and in essence it stated that humanity had removed itself from natural selection given medical technology either now or currently how do you respond to that you agree or disagree well I think in one sense it's almost obviously true that that there are many many many people walking around the world today and reproducing who would not exist about for medical technology and so that's got to mean that there is a relaxation of natural selection and pressure in early parts of the 20th century there were people going around who deplored this and thought that medical science was a bad thing for that reason I think that's going too far i i like doctors and i think it's worth it i don't want to live in a society where where people are allowed to just die because it would be good for the race if they did that kind of thing so in medical science does keep genes in the gene pool that wouldn't otherwise be kept in the gene pool but also as long as medical science goes on it'll be able to to cope with it I'd rather live in a society that has doctors rather than live in a society that has that has eugenic success time investment so for those of us who don't usually find ourselves on a radio program addressing a stupid question but you know encounter stupid questions throughout that may have some you know specific question that they think is the key to you know killing your entire argument so so when you encounter when we encounter as laypeople creationists or conspiracy theorists or ortus theists that give what clearly seem to be bad arguments but can sometimes require a great deal of time and effort to offer the best response and that takes away from other valuable things to do yes so worried that that's a difficult word I mean that there are some people who actually enjoy arguing and and sharpening their arguing skills and so it when you first start off doing it it's quite fun it's less fun when you encounter the same argument you know if we're descended from monkeys why are there still monkeys around it sort of gets boring after after a bit or when the first male evolved how did he manage to find a female I I think it's you know some people enjoy some people enjoy arguing with Jehovah's Witnesses but they're here in California but if you don't I I do think you probably have got better things to do because even if you win the argument you've only converted one one person and and it's it's pretty and it's I mean real 4004 BC creationists are pretty unshakable I mean they're they're they they know they know the truth because it's in the Bible and no matter what you tell them in the way of evidence they'll find a way of twisting it I mean they even will find a way of making the world four thousand six thousand years old by by saying that radioactive isotopes have changed the rate of decayed at exactly the right amount and all the different ones have changed at exactly the right amount in parallel in order to make it in order to make it come out right and it's very hard to argue with people like that so you might be better going for a swim or something I think we should make these the last two questions here because it's getting late we want to have time for pictures and autographs and so on so let's go here and then here and then that's it in academia there's a huge divide almost antagonistic divided between the humanities and the hard sciences and being a PhD student and visual media studying what's even a student a PhD student and visual media studies hard sciences so I do take some of your slight vertical to heart I was wondering in terms of this divide do you think it can ever be mended or even if it should be well some of my best friends studied the humanities and often my regret is that they're often exceedingly bright and what a shame they're not studying science because they could they could really take over science some of my classicist friends for example so clever no I mean I do think that that all these these are reputable subjects and I'm delighted there are people studying classics and history and English and things and I like talking to them I don't I don't want to come across as a scientist ik chauvinist so I apologize well but I mean what's more important than the visual presentation of data in a way that people can grasp it and that's I think what I missed that but was that your point it was visual right visual media but we're making the point that we could use your students I mean you often say things about like science studies as being problematic but of course you know there is methodology behind what people do in the humanities so I'm just wondering if there's a way to the two schools can start talking together again yeah I think I did out there yeah yeah okay thank you all right last question hi I was wondering why you think natural selection has taken over as the driving force in evolution and sexual selection is collected in the discussions on evolution oh it's not neglected more yeah well more so than natural selection well I don't think that it's not that this is not a competition I mean that they are both very important and they're and they're different then differently important in different species so I mean I think actually sexual selection is enjoying a great velvet work of them at the moment do you want to work on sexual selection there are plenty of people doing it please help me thank Richard Dawkins

  Top Comments:
  1. @south-n6g [1 likes]: There is a lot of ignorance about the history of the bible(s) i find. As a former christian i am able to approach the texts with a more open mind  and far less conflict than when i was a believer. The academic approach to studying the bible makes more sense for me. I had many questions the more i studied as a believer, and i read and listened to numerous christian "apologists". Some of it did help, but taking some distance and learning critical thinking skills, alternative views especially has changed my perspective quite radically with time.
Never did i imagine i would become an agnostic atheist. I genuinely believed and was intellectually convinced, and driven with a heart to love and share it with others ( i did ministry work). Its an honourable thing, and now i want to keep that, but obviously without the dogmatic, religious elements.
  2. @willmpet: When I did my MBA I didn’t have that kind of experience (writing a paper or two per week) but one course made me predict the economy for six months! It was a very good course. And some took it very seriously.  I never got that paper back-someone stole it! It was the best of my career. I can see what Dawkins is talking about, being free to expound on subjects is good for you! That is why he is such a good writer!
  3. @willmpet: Is the Germ Theory only a theory? Is the Atomic Theory only a theory?
  4. @maskofscience: Dawkins fails to realize that so many of his arguments are not scientific, but philosophy-based.
  5. @willmpet: I am a color-field child!
  6. @BanditBandit-q5x: Barnum and bailey definitely taught dawkins how to blow smoke with the best of them 😂😂  the guy is a class " A" money grubbing grifter !
  7. @iendedyoui: Least shit religion? I'd probably go with some random earth spirit type of thing. At least we could protect the environment. All the other stuff will be just as wacko.
  8. @iendedyoui: The niceness of a creature usually scales with its ability to kill another of its species in relation to the benefits of working together.

If killing your species is easier than the work it takes to benefit from working with them, then you'll get mean members. Assuming they can fill the role of reproduction, which also affects how nice things are. Usually, a longer developmental phase means nicer. Because it requires the species to work together socially to a degree, which builds these mechanisms and reinforces them through upbringing. 

Humans make it a pain to conquer them, the conquerer usually dies. So people don't choose that method. Especially when politics is often more effective.
  9. @davethebrahman9870: Shermer is too accommodating towards a great many silly beliefs.
  10. @davidbanner6230: WHERE WOUILD THE WORLD BE TODAY IF: 
Henery the 8th had not got the hots, for Anne Bolin”
Which caused him to dump Katherine of Aragon, 
Which caused him to seek a divorce, which the Catholic Church would not grant him 
Which caused him to leave the Catholic Church, and invent the Protestant Church of England 
Which caused war between England and Spain 
Which caused Catholics to be persecuted…with having to set up priest holes etc ? 
Which caused the ‘oppressed Pilgrim Fathers’ to sail to North America to establish the fledgeling colony in James Town 
Which caused Walter Raleigh  to advise queen Elizibeth 1st, to combat Spain by expanding the Virginia settlements 
Which laid the foundation for the thirteen original colonies of the United States 
Which expanded by ‘greed and conquest’ into the most powerful entity in the world today 
Which was available when needed, to destroy the madmen that would have ended all progress. 
Which was all brought about, by Henery getting the hots for Anne Bolin 
And here we have a mere man, Richard Dawkins, denying the intelligence that guides our lives
  11. @donaldwhittaker7987: He notes that political conservatives are social Darwinists though they don't want evolution taught in bio classes in schools. Brilliant.
  12. @essakhan-oh2vh: The Swiss unlettered peasant and the  Chinese golden f lower story .
  13. @essakhan-oh2vh: you exists you have no lengthy  proofs required you can say see I am here but after years of death when there remains no any thing left  how you would prove sons daughters etc some still not satisfied how then .
  14. @essakhan-oh2vh: sit
  15. @essakhan-oh2vh: If all the great fools seat together their discourses and your enlightenment talks write all their sly questions  and answers among them and your in lighted  
  suggestive answers to prove no god but gods  .
  16. @JamesMorris-l8b: This is aply named.  P T Barnum the greatest showman coined the phrase "The Greatest Show on Earth".  He also said "There's a sucker born every minute".
  17. @davidbanner6230: : Even if we accept the bandwagon contention that the Universe began with a big bang 14 billion years (or whatever) ago, just think of all the creations that would have lived and died, in that time? And if so, think of all the experiences and understanding that would have developed in that time? And if so, think of all the intelligence that would have been accumulated in that time? And if so, is it logical to conclude that someone attaching themselves to a bandwagon called ‘Atheism’ could have all the answers and understanding of that accumulation? 
 THINK ABIOUT IT…
  18. @davidbanner6230: They  asked me how I knew, what Richard said was true:
Then I realise, not to my surprise, smoke gets in your eyes….
Yesterday, my God had flown away, I was alone and blue
But that’s ok, the time I used to pray, I’ve found a truth anew…
Yet, when I’m all alone, I keep listening for a phone, I know will never ring
It's then I realise, not to my surprise, smoke gets in your eyes…..
joking
  19. @PLASKETT7: Knowledge should indeed CHANGE OVER TIME.
But please don't forget what their idea of being guided by EVIDENCE rather than False Beliefs really is. 
They believe in neo-Darwinism, i.e. selection from accidents. The maths behind which ought TODAY to give anyone reasonable doubt.  
500 years before Christ, Anaximander conjectured forms may have changed. There were evolutionists before Darwin, e.g. Cuvier, LeClerc, Lamarck, Buffon, and Charles'  grandfather published Zoonomia in 1794 with some similar ideas to those in On the Origin of Species.
But in 1859 we were unaware of DNA. 
Richard Dawkins now says DNA is like computer code. Bill Gates says it ́s more complex than any software ever devised. Such code arises from accidents only if you accept odds of trillions to one. 
So today Darwin would have to write, "I do not know what The Origin of Species was. But DNA proves SOMETHING KNEW. (Although from these data we may glean nothing about what did it, how it managed it, nor even why it bothered.")

Critical thinking necessitates the realisation that you could be wrong.
Today Darwin would have to sing a new song.
  20. @planetdog1641: Evolution is a waste of time and he should be working to better the planet.

- Kaylee Talks About How Her Viral Video Has Changed Her Life | Little Big Shots: Kind: captions Language: en 11 year old kaylee i love a bit of black as you can tell back in black and sparkles that's my kind of thing now where you're from how'd you say it no i i i still can't quite understand it say it again don't get a d it's like a dong and a d dong and a d yeah dong and a d thank you very much now when i introduced you then i realized that i've actually seen your video before yeah let's have a look [Music] [Applause] this really is a really beautiful video beautiful video beautiful voice now please tell me how it came about so i got sick and i couldn't sing at my principal's church so they put it up on the screen so then someone videoed it and then it went viral on youtube and i just couldn't believe it because it was just supposed to be for the school and the parents so what do your schoolmates think about you some boys at my class and some around the school that fancy me oh okay this has done wonders for you kaylee yeah i went to boston to sing i felt amazing and there was a lot of happy tears so do you think you'll still be singing when you're older like me when you're in your 40s yes do you think you will still be singing yes my dream is since i was little i would love to be a singer someday i had a dream actually when i was younger now my dream was to be an air stewardess but i don't like planes or flying or traveling or people so i gave up welcome to the little big shots youtube channel this is where you'll find some of the most talented children in the world there are new videos every week plus bonus bits of little big shots not seen anywhere else just click on the links right now and why not subscribe go on

  Top Comments:
  1. @donsimonds5186 [7 likes]: I love that little Kaylee Rogers, is something very special and magnetic about her. Once you hear her sing you just want to hear it again and again. The people around her always love her and take care and protect her is my prayer for her.
  2. @ekunina5410 [4 likes]: She is so beautiful in its broadest measure.  Love her signing.  🎵🎶💝🦋💫
  3. @trevortapia9325 [4 likes]: Sweet girl and amazing voice, i love her so much...
  4. @shurikenpromotions [3 likes]: Beautiful girl,  beautiful voice and your story is amazing! Please dont let fame ruin you!
  5. @Jace28142 [3 likes]: Keep singing for the world Kaylee❤️
  6. @Howoldareweanywayyipes [2 likes]: A pretty and together young lady.
  7. @kck5454 [2 likes]: Great interview. Hope your dreams come true.
  8. @11Bravo19Delta [1 likes]: She is a great talent
  9. @soonermodels1173 [1 likes]: She sings like an angel
  10. @dwightmcqueen5771 [1 likes]: So beautiful
  11. @CS-fl7hz [1 likes]: Wat een schatje met de mooiste stem!!! 😇🙏
  12. @cherylsteen8810: I would love to know how Kaylee is doing today?
  13. @NickDavis-k1w: 💕😘
  14. @TCJ24116: Is her mom American?
  15. @lydiawaffleman1497: They don't discuss her handicap which should have been the highlight.
  16. @lydiawaffleman1497: This is hopefully helpful to other children with the same diagnosis
  17. @cindywilliams7043: Sings really well, doubtful she is a true autistic.
  18. @neilnaude4643: Dawn French is twisted bigtime.
  19. @louanna5576: 💖💝💗💥💫💫🙏🙏
  20. @janyceboschman3122: She’s almost like another Charlotte church She started singing at the same age

- This VIRAL video changed my life! Asians In the Library: Kind: captions Language: en It doesn't matter what comes a fifth for lie. Nothing gets Don't turn off the video yet. I'm not done singing. Nothing gets to you. Staying fresh, staying cool. You said you wanted more videos. This is what you get. Don'ting complain. Hey, what is going on YouTube? See what did I say? I told you that I was going to start creating more content. And here we are still in 2025, not 2026. I didn't wait, but I thought it'd be really fun for a new video where we can just go back in time and go back to where it all started. The thing that popped off my whole YouTube career recording this on the iPhone because I didn't want to bring my gear. But this is where we started it all, my friends. This is actually the shed, as we called it, the love shack. Just me because there was no women that wanted to come with me in here. Uh, but I was coming a lot though, you know, masturbating furiously as it is. Inappropriate joke. This is where the magic was happening. and they converted it into absolute. All right, if you're new to this channel, my name is David. So, and I am somebody who is doing everything that you shouldn't do in order to be successful in this space. I wanted to do something really fun today, or at least what I think is pretty fun. I wanted to go back to the first YouTube video that really started off my whole YouTube career. Now, it's not the first video that I made, but if it wasn't for this video, I'm pretty sure none of you would know who I am. This video changed my life, and it's the Asians in the library video where it was that racially insensitive [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Alexander Wallace, that, you know, I torched her ass. I said, Anyways, I wanted to just take this time to watch this video together. Now, I haven't seen this video in 10 years, and you have to understand this is going to be really awkward for me, cuz I hate watching my old stuff. There's just some just But I'm going to move past all the weird feelings that I have for this. Like, I literally have not watched this in over 10 years. I know I just said it, but I want you to understand how weird it feels for me to do this, but, you know, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Let's do it. >> So, we know that I'm not the most politically correct person, so don't take this offensively. these hordes of Asian people that UCLA >> hordes of Asians >> steps into our school every single year, which is fine. >> But if you're gonna come to UCLA, then use American >> American manners, >> man. What the >> Oh, baby. >> Usually I don't do these type of vlogs. I usually don't do videos about other people's lives videos. >> Look at this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] room, dude. Disaster. >> This one's a doozy. For those of you who haven't seen this video, it's basically uh as you can tell by the earlier clips, ranting about why she >> look at young David. Chubby as hell, terrible [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] vision. I didn't have Lasic then yet. And that blue Target shirt that I bought from a clearance rack. You know what's so interesting about this video? I actually don't remember anything that I said it. I shot it super late at night. I was freaking exhausted. So, I actually just had to filter through just a bunch of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just to kind of get any semblance of a video. I think I finished it around 6:00 a.m. And the next morning when I woke up, I got a call from my brother telling me that I went viral. [Music] >> What's up? >> Oh, where are you right now? Dude, your video is going viral. It's everywhere. Hello. >> Okay, hold on. >> Are you there? >> What? Yeah, your video's going viral. Everybody's talking about it. >> It's everywhere. >> Everybody in the library right now are watching it. >> I need you to explain this to me slowly. >> What does viral mean? >> Are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid? >> You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stupid. >> Are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dumb? Shut up. >> I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know. >> Shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. >> You shut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. >> My bad. Uh because some of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is true. But the problem was she said it out loud and that's where we got problem. >> You will always see old Asian people running around this apartment complex every weekend. That's what they do. They don't teach their kids to fend for themselves. >> What's that? We don't know how to fend for ourselves. Are you kidding me right now? Apparently you've never been to Asia. What? You think you grown up because you go to a grocery store and you get some groceries? [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we grow our food. >> Okay. >> That's food from our backyard. >> We don't know how to foure ourselves. You know how to kill, slaughter a cow in 10 seconds, and put it back on a plate? Huh? You don't know how to do anything. There's a reason why you outsource your jobs to people in Asia. That's why we counterfeit all your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] If your car could break down in the middle of a road, you can take it apart and make it into an airplane. That's how great Asian people are. >> In retrospect, I do understand what she's saying. All right. There are a handful of Asian kids that are absolutely handicapped by their parents that wouldn't know how to wipe their own ass. Their parents didn't tell them when or how to do so. Asian people say, "I love you with food, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You never been stocked in your mouth and was offered a sandwich after. I don't know how it works in a traditional white family, but I do swear that when you guys turn 18, your parents just want to kick you the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out immediately. Hey kiddo, you know what today is? Oh, that's right. Today's my 18th birthday. Yep. It's about that time. Time. Time for what? You know, it's uh time for you to skaddle. I literally just turned 18. 18. Listen, Spartan children left at the tender age of seven. You're actually 11 years behind. Yeah. They also got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] by their best friends. Were we doing that, too? Get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. Listen, you don't judge a culture you don't know about, lady. Okay? You know, our parents may beat us physically. They might verbally abuse us. They might tell us that our desires and wants are stupid. And every now and then, they might call us gay. Listen, people in the Asian culture, we are an acts of service type of people, especially that generation, right? They might do all that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but they will wash our dirty dookie stained draws and bring us a hot meal. And I will take it. Except stop calling me gay so much. That's real. >> See that? Seven chips. That's as high as it goes. How are you going to put up a video that you hate Asian people and you go to UCLA? Do you know what UCLA stands for? >> You see a lot of Asians. That was the one that popped off, baby. >> And it's going to be in the weirdest way possible. Okay. I'mma hire a white person to dress up as a ninja to kill you with a samurai sword. >> Huh? >> Hi. In America, we do not talk on our cell phones in the library. Every 5 minutes, I will be okay. Not 5 minutes. Say like 15 minutes. I'll be like deep into my studying into my political science theories and arguments and all of a sudden what I'm about to >> first of all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you a polyai major >> over here from somewhere oh ching chong ling >> yeah ah the famous tingong ling long ching chong that's where you really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean it really was your shitty imitation of the Cantonese language that didn't really show that you were just annoyed by people talking in the library. It showed that you kind of had like this rooted hate towards Asian people, which really set everybody off. It's not like we don't know that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Those people are called mainland Chinese. They are loud as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look at it. If they were Japanese, you would have never heard [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from them. They [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just whisper everything for some goddamn reason. See what I did there? Cultural nuance. That is an acceptable amount of racism, you square titty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, being the polite, nice American. >> Polite American. Are you kidding me? Polite American. Polite and American doesn't even go in one sentence. You know how I know? Cuz I'm an American. I'm not polite. And it's not because I'm Asian. It's because I grew up here. We're not polite. How do I know this? You don't even take off your shoes when you walk into my house. >> I usually don't hate people that know me, but I hate your guts, girl. Let me ask you something. What are you good at? Huh? You kind of look like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You probably like this, huh? By the way, I'm a lot older now and this part of the video where I called her a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is tasteless and tacky. I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate that I said that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And look, I understand this was like 14 years ago and I was tired. I was just rambling and saying things and I was insulting her just to hurt her feelings. But, you know, when it comes to comedy or just anything that you do, I have to attack her for the things that she said and her as a person. I essentially said that and I attacked her womanhood, which I don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like. I think it's so corny and I think it's kind of disgusting of me to do that. So, I do have to apologize for that. Even though it was 14 years ago, seeing that just bothers me and the fact that I said that is just gh. >> You know what even pisses me off even more? She talks about the tsunami. The tsunami right after she imitates a Chinese person. We not even the same people. They're two different people. >> It's not the same. >> I'm not mad at you, girl, cuz Asian people are racist, too. But we have enough common sense not to just put it out on video. Asian people were secretively racist. >> It's funny. This is actually an old standup bit that I recycled into this video. >> I might have mentioned this in my podcast before, but um if you go back and you watch a lot of my old vlogs and especially a lot of the ones that became really popular, you guys were actually seeing a lot of my old standup bits that I used to do back in the day when I first started doing standup. Now, some of these bits weren't very successful, but chopped up and put into video format, they kind of popped off better and they had a different vibe. Well, now that I'm older, I feel like I could rework it and make it into a good bit. But at the time, I didn't have the experience and they just kind of flopped. Or the ones that didn't flop, I kind of used those bits to death and I wanted to start fresh. So, I was okay with giving up some of these bits. I actually remember later on um having this fear that I would run out of ideas because I was using so much of my like either old standup bits or bits that weren't working out or I was scared that people were going to steal it and perform it that I started pulling back on some of my videos. And by the way, the fear was completely warranted because there was a certain point in time in YouTube. I was like three years in or two years in that people started stealing a lot of my video stuff and they were using it in their standup. Like a lot of like young Asian comics, they would steal my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bits. And the only reason I would know that is because you guys would send me these videos of other people using my vlog videos as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] standup, which they it was standup. That that would piss me the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off. Either way, gh it's crazy how one video kind of essentially changed my whole life, you know, during this time. Um, I was lost, man. Um, I was going to SAK State. Um, I didn't want to be in school and then comedy was an avenue that I always wanted to go towards cuz I was doing so much standup that, you know, the degree that I was going to get was going to be absolutely useless. But I wanted to graduate because my mom asked me to to appease my dad and at the time we weren't really getting along. But this video was the thing that kind of saved my life. and then meeting all of you and kind of um continuing this career that really set off my comedy career to be what it is now. Man, it it's it's insane watching it. And look, it's not easy for me to watch this. I cringe. Like I said, that that joke where I called her a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like gh, David, why would you do that, you stupid idiot. You know, when all this stuff was happening for me um at such a young age, um it was kind of hard to believe, right? And I suffer from imposter syndrome. Like I still suffer from it today. like I couldn't believe all these great things were happening, you know, for me. And you know, I would hear sometimes people would say to me like, "Oh, you're so lucky. You're so lucky." And I would take offense to that, but there is some truth into it. Like I I was very lucky. And you know, 14 years later, here I am. You know, I've done TV. I've done film. Um, you know, the channel went to a million plus subscribers. I have a a matcha franchise. We have like 14 stores all across the nation. I've done so much since then and all from this one video. Crazy, huh? Crazy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Well guys, I hope you enjoyed that video. We all went down memory lane together. My baby is crying right now. I have no idea why it's late at night. Why are you awake, my sweet boy? Oh, listen. Love you guys very much. Uh, next video. Don't know when it's going to be, but do you like going down memory lane with all these videos? I was thinking about just doing this fun little project where I reshoot the same videos in this new style and new format that I do. Look, we're just having fun, right? Okay, I'm going to go attend to my baby. He's crying. See y'all next time. Oh my god.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidSoComedy [157 likes]: Thanks for watching all these years! It took a while to edit this shit but ITS OUT!!!! like comment share subscribe interact talk whatever!!! just glad y'all are here!
  2. @RuMOS-nq2ke [2 likes]: you aren't entertainment no more, you became a cope for the mainstream "edge" that's why no people watches you.
  3. @gaming2814 [1 likes]: many doesn’t know it’s and impossible found it’s exactly also because everyone didn’t know ten hundred common sense it’s extremely serious and long established wants appreciate it’s except sense normal and it doesn’t matter if it plans every single time someone plunder existence seems drinking and existing and unpopular person know it’s extremely serious Youtube channel episode is time it’s closing soon
  4. @JumboTVv [1 likes]: I wonder what happened to Alexandra Wallace.
  5. @Revo1949 [1 likes]: Yes, I was 16 years old when I watched that video. I am 30 years old now.
  6. @sijahwmvaj [1 likes]: And it hasn't changed in 10 years
  7. @Sh3erP33ce: David So, I'd very much like to hear more on the whole Charlie Kirk situation, the psyop of it and the laughable, official narrative that the feds are trying to have the masses believe. 

If possible, I'd love for you to have  a deep conversation about it with "Demetrius" aka DDGotAPodcast Very bright, very well-spoken and he believes that Charlie Kirk "allegedly" staged the whole thing and is still alive.

The whole Erika Kirk situation is out of control. The mass majority hate her and think that she played a role in the assassination. Allegedly, and i say that because it's torn between people thinking he's alive and well vs not at all. 

It'd make another banger of a podcast, in my personal opinion.

*Edit: Note, he is based in Arkansas.
  8. @Shinn_Ao: I’m a newcomer, and to the person who shared you with me (this is the 2nd video I’ve seen) I said

“I’m so glad for him
Now that he’s successful, he’s more humble and caring (sensitive) than when he started.”
  9. @lena13146: I love going down memory lane, i used to watch your videos all the time in middle school and HS love to see more content ❤
  10. @MikeSupreme89: You apologize for how you reacted and I understand she was also annoyed . Saying she a racist hmm 🤔 you ever hang out with black people and the things they say 😅 they called me speedy Gonzalez arriba arriba 😅 aye aye aye aye . Or is it only racist cuz she’s white ?
  11. @alphashaitan65: What's funny is that when she says, "Oh...qing chang ling lang ting tang," each syllable hits a Chinese word.  Qing = please, chang = long, ling = zero, lang = wolf, ting = hear tang = soup. Everything this woman said was accurate.
  12. @Bay_32: The first video of yours that I watched and I've been following you ever since. 🤙🏼😂 so epic!! 😂
  13. @gaming2814: much it’s doesn’t exist common sense it’s ten hundred yesterday morning last night want something extremely special even though it expired impossible except replace it and then i have to get it replaced and it doesn’t have to do anything and i can’t even use my watch to edit except
  14. @mary-gael7633: I don't know about white people kiking their kids out at 18.. but I left my mum's place at 18, actually. Was it because I'm white? 😬😇
  15. @beardedninjah7982: The nosstalllgiasssss❤❤❤❤
  16. @meekmeek8198: The first video I saw of yours in 2011
  17. @ArtlyssaG: 12:03 aw😂🥹
  18. @hanschristianben505: David is soooo back baby!!
  19. @Chrissspii: This is amazing love your growth
  20. @tokenaznguy040: LGI baby Lets Get it! Lets go!

- What really matters at the end of life | BJ Miller | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Well, we all need a reason to wake up. For me, it just took 11,000 volts. I know you're too polite to ask, so I will tell you. One night, sophomore year of college, just back from Thanksgiving holiday, a few of my friends and I were horsing around, and we decided to climb atop a parked commuter train. It was just sitting there, with the wires that run overhead. Somehow, that seemed like a great idea at the time. We'd certainly done stupider things. I scurried up the ladder on the back, and when I stood up, the electrical current entered my arm, blew down and out my feet, and that was that. Would you believe that watch still works? Takes a licking! (Laughter) My father wears it now in solidarity. That night began my formal relationship with death -- my death -- and it also began my long run as a patient. It's a good word. It means one who suffers. So I guess we're all patients. Now, the American health care system has more than its fair share of dysfunction -- to match its brilliance, to be sure. I'm a physician now, a hospice and palliative medicine doc, so I've seen care from both sides. And believe me: almost everyone who goes into healthcare really means well -- I mean, truly. But we who work in it are also unwitting agents for a system that too often does not serve. Why? Well, there's actually a pretty easy answer to that question, and it explains a lot: because healthcare was designed with diseases, not people, at its center. Which is to say, of course, it was badly designed. And nowhere are the effects of bad design more heartbreaking or the opportunity for good design more compelling than at the end of life, where things are so distilled and concentrated. There are no do-overs. My purpose today is to reach out across disciplines and invite design thinking into this big conversation. That is, to bring intention and creativity to the experience of dying. We have a monumental opportunity in front of us, before one of the few universal issues as individuals as well as a civil society: to rethink and redesign how it is we die. So let's begin at the end. For most people, the scariest thing about death isn't being dead, it's dying, suffering. It's a key distinction. To get underneath this, it can be very helpful to tease out suffering which is necessary as it is, from suffering we can change. The former is a natural, essential part of life, part of the deal, and to this we are called to make space, adjust, grow. It can be really good to realize forces larger than ourselves. They bring proportionality, like a cosmic right-sizing. After my limbs were gone, that loss, for example, became fact, fixed -- necessarily part of my life, and I learned that I could no more reject this fact than reject myself. It took me a while, but I learned it eventually. Now, another great thing about necessary suffering is that it is the very thing that unites caregiver and care receiver -- human beings. This, we are finally realizing, is where healing happens. Yes, compassion -- literally, as we learned yesterday -- suffering together. Now, on the systems side, on the other hand, so much of the suffering is unnecessary, invented. It serves no good purpose. But the good news is, since this brand of suffering is made up, well, we can change it. How we die is indeed something we can affect. Making the system sensitive to this fundamental distinction between necessary and unnecessary suffering gives us our first of three design cues for the day. After all, our role as caregivers, as people who care, is to relieve suffering -- not add to the pile. True to the tenets of palliative care, I function as something of a reflective advocate, as much as prescribing physician. Quick aside: palliative care -- a very important field but poorly understood -- while it includes, it is not limited to end of life care. It is not limited to hospice. It's simply about comfort and living well at any stage. So please know that you don't have to be dying anytime soon to benefit from palliative care. Now, let me introduce you to Frank. Sort of makes this point. I've been seeing Frank now for years. He's living with advancing prostate cancer on top of long-standing HIV. We work on his bone pain and his fatigue, but most of the time we spend thinking out loud together about his life -- really, about our lives. In this way, Frank grieves. In this way, he keeps up with his losses as they roll in, so that he's ready to take in the next moment. Loss is one thing, but regret, quite another. Frank has always been an adventurer -- he looks like something out of a Norman Rockwell painting -- and no fan of regret. So it wasn't surprising when he came into clinic one day, saying he wanted to raft down the Colorado River. Was this a good idea? With all the risks to his safety and his health, some would say no. Many did, but he went for it, while he still could. It was a glorious, marvelous trip: freezing water, blistering dry heat, scorpions, snakes, wildlife howling off the flaming walls of the Grand Canyon -- all the glorious side of the world beyond our control. Frank's decision, while maybe dramatic, is exactly the kind so many of us would make, if we only had the support to figure out what is best for ourselves over time. So much of what we're talking about today is a shift in perspective. After my accident, when I went back to college, I changed my major to art history. Studying visual art, I figured I'd learn something about how to see -- a really potent lesson for a kid who couldn't change so much of what he was seeing. Perspective, that kind of alchemy we humans get to play with, turning anguish into a flower. Flash forward: now I work at an amazing place in San Francisco called the Zen Hospice Project, where we have a little ritual that helps with this shift in perspective. When one of our residents dies, the mortuary men come, and as we're wheeling the body out through the garden, heading for the gate, we pause. Anyone who wants -- fellow residents, family, nurses, volunteers, the hearse drivers too, now -- shares a story or a song or silence, as we sprinkle the body with flower petals. It takes a few minutes; it's a sweet, simple parting image to usher in grief with warmth, rather than repugnance. Contrast that with the typical experience in the hospital setting, much like this -- floodlit room lined with tubes and beeping machines and blinking lights that don't stop even when the patient's life has. Cleaning crew swoops in, the body's whisked away, and it all feels as though that person had never really existed. Well-intended, of course, in the name of sterility, but hospitals tend to assault our senses, and the most we might hope for within those walls is numbness -- anesthetic, literally the opposite of aesthetic. I revere hospitals for what they can do; I am alive because of them. But we ask too much of our hospitals. They are places for acute trauma and treatable illness. They are no place to live and die; that's not what they were designed for. Now mind you -- I am not giving up on the notion that our institutions can become more humane. Beauty can be found anywhere. I spent a few months in a burn unit at St. Barnabas Hospital in Livingston, New Jersey, where I got really great care at every turn, including good palliative care for my pain. And one night, it began to snow outside. I remember my nurses complaining about driving through it. And there was no window in my room, but it was great to just imagine it coming down all sticky. Next day, one of my nurses smuggled in a snowball for me. She brought it in to the unit. I cannot tell you the rapture I felt holding that in my hand, and the coldness dripping onto my burning skin; the miracle of it all, the fascination as I watched it melt and turn into water. In that moment, just being any part of this planet in this universe mattered more to me than whether I lived or died. That little snowball packed all the inspiration I needed to both try to live and be OK if I did not. In a hospital, that's a stolen moment. In my work over the years, I've known many people who were ready to go, ready to die. Not because they had found some final peace or transcendence, but because they were so repulsed by what their lives had become -- in a word, cut off, or ugly. There are already record numbers of us living with chronic and terminal illness, and into ever older age. And we are nowhere near ready or prepared for this silver tsunami. We need an infrastructure dynamic enough to handle these seismic shifts in our population. Now is the time to create something new, something vital. I know we can because we have to. The alternative is just unacceptable. And the key ingredients are known: policy, education and training, systems, bricks and mortar. We have tons of input for designers of all stripes to work with. We know, for example, from research what's most important to people who are closer to death: comfort; feeling unburdened and unburdening to those they love; existential peace; and a sense of wonderment and spirituality. Over Zen Hospice's nearly 30 years, we've learned much more from our residents in subtle detail. Little things aren't so little. Take Janette. She finds it harder to breathe one day to the next due to ALS. Well, guess what? She wants to start smoking again -- and French cigarettes, if you please. Not out of some self-destructive bent, but to feel her lungs filled while she has them. Priorities change. Or Kate -- she just wants to know her dog Austin is lying at the foot of her bed, his cold muzzle against her dry skin, instead of more chemotherapy coursing through her veins -- she's done that. Sensuous, aesthetic gratification, where in a moment, in an instant, we are rewarded for just being. So much of it comes down to loving our time by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the very thing doing the living and the dying. Probably the most poignant room in the Zen Hospice guest house is our kitchen, which is a little strange when you realize that so many of our residents can eat very little, if anything at all. But we realize we are providing sustenance on several levels: smell, a symbolic plane. Seriously, with all the heavy-duty stuff happening under our roof, one of the most tried and true interventions we know of, is to bake cookies. As long as we have our senses -- even just one -- we have at least the possibility of accessing what makes us feel human, connected. Imagine the ripples of this notion for the millions of people living and dying with dementia. Primal sensorial delights that say the things we don't have words for, impulses that make us stay present -- no need for a past or a future. So, if teasing unnecessary suffering out of the system was our first design cue, then tending to dignity by way of the senses, by way of the body -- the aesthetic realm -- is design cue number two. Now this gets us quickly to the third and final bit for today; namely, we need to lift our sights, to set our sights on well-being, so that life and health and healthcare can become about making life more wonderful, rather than just less horrible. Beneficence. Here, this gets right at the distinction between a disease-centered and a patient- or human-centered model of care, and here is where caring becomes a creative, generative, even playful act. "Play" may sound like a funny word here. But it is also one of our highest forms of adaptation. Consider every major compulsory effort it takes to be human. The need for food has birthed cuisine. The need for shelter has given rise to architecture. The need for cover, fashion. And for being subjected to the clock, well, we invented music. So, since dying is a necessary part of life, what might we create with this fact? By "play" I am in no way suggesting we take a light approach to dying or that we mandate any particular way of dying. There are mountains of sorrow that cannot move, and one way or another, we will all kneel there. Rather, I am asking that we make space -- physical, psychic room, to allow life to play itself all the way out -- so that rather than just getting out of the way, aging and dying can become a process of crescendo through to the end. We can't solve for death. I know some of you are working on this. Meanwhile, we can -- We can design towards it. Parts of me died early on, and that's something we can all say one way or another. I got to redesign my life around this fact, and I tell you it has been a liberation to realize you can always find a shock of beauty or meaning in what life you have left, like that snowball lasting for a perfect moment, all the while melting away. If we love such moments ferociously, then maybe we can learn to live well -- not in spite of death, but because of it. Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @deisycastellanos3819 [1 likes]: Ayudenle a mejorar su calidad de vida y que sea feliz ❤
  2. @brichardson131 [1 likes]: One minute in and you run an ad for an electric car from Toyota. Have you no decency?
  3. @annpettit8837: wow tears...well done sir
  4. @priyankaarjun: ❤
  5. @nancybaez7240: Wow  God Bless him.  So peaceful, so kind, so full of life..
  6. @1abracadabra11: let death be what takes us not lack of imagination.   Beautiful Thank you
  7. @WadingIntoRetirement: Very powerful.....
  8. @lucykraal2225: Your eyes make me wanna 😭 God bless you and your family ❤
  9. @faceious2006: The only thing that will matter ar the end of your life is that you voted for Donald J Trump.
  10. @Gina-x5j: He is so authentic ❤,  it is the little things of life
  11. @milesreading9585: Yawn …. What are you talking about???
  12. @pakababy3710: Your snowball story moved me. When I was hospitalized over Christmas in '95 for 11 days due to a ruptured appendix causing peritonitis, some girl scouts came in and gave me a Christmas "card" made of popsicle sticks and Christmas wrapping paper. I can't tell you how much that small gesture meant to me at the time.
  13. @MichaelNewman-c5b: Why im a jewy Buddhist.    Rock steady good Doctor, great Being!
  14. @Dynamoe1836: His teary eyes tell me everything I need to know, and that I already know.  And we all do too.
  15. @jonredd650: In the end with really matters 😢
  16. @savithpanamgama2107: Poetry
  17. @nala3038: In the end, it's not about how much time we have... it's about what we do with it.
  18. @FruitByCake: Here listening in 2026
  19. @ChomitiBura: From suffering we can change 
Really bro i never think about it really
  20. @ChomitiBura: We need this kind of people

- How 1 Viral Song Ruined Gotye's Life: Kind: captions Language: en the song might have been clicked on over 2 billion times but how Somebody That I Used to Know impacted got's life is much less widely known I felt quite depressed a lot of times and so that that sort of started to really seep out into how the whole of my life was feeling we'll give a highly detailed description of how unexpected Fame affected him what role it played in his choice to quit music and why got's humble nature makes his fate extremely saddening he simply didn't know the song would get so popular which isn't surprising in since his previous songs were even rejected by local radio people wouldn't consider playing my records on Commercial radio stations goer therefore began uploading his music to YouTube where he' gained 250,000 views on his three most popular songs and while this was still insufficient to make an impact globally I was disappointed when my last album um I couldn't find say label to release it there was one single song that was about to change everything gottier spent 6 months writing the world's most relatable Breakup Song which he almost scrapped before its release as he couldn't find the right female singer wasn't sounding amazing and you know that was the final straw I thought I had to let the song go I thought wow I've been sort of waiting for 4 months it's just not coming together thankfully Gotti knew the song had potential I thought it was a strong song it had an emotional sort of intensity to it eventually using kimra who was perfect for its music video which was then leaked to the public giving gottier an unexpected Advantage the video leaked in Australia a week before it was meant to be released and very quickly started you know getting a lot of YouTube views as mentioned the song racked up over 73,000 views before the week had even finished aided by viewers who simply couldn't stop hitting replay yet again I've listened to it non-stop all day like I've done for the last 5 days I've watched this video over 200 times in the past day no joke honestly think I'm responsible for half of the views for This brilliant song brilliant clip confirming the music video had an influence on the song's instant explosion most people they uh you know they think the video clip really enhances the delivery of a song so a lot of people really have you know responded to the video and wanted to share it with other people seems to have sharability goo stated when it hit the first million Mark I was kind of like okay something's happening here although it seemed he was most satisfied to have finally been played on the radio it's the first real hit single I've had in terms of commercial AirPlay in Australia however the radio stations quickly became insignificant as the song received publicity from a range of famous celebrities Ashton Kutcher wrote this is kind of fantastic reminds me of early music vids Lily Allen simply stated love this video while Katie Perry tweeted new music Discovery for me check out gottier specifically this song the lyrics are so true with got's rapidly developing audience amplifying the same message I find it absolutely great this song is getting so much recognition it's gotten more than 7 million views in just 3 months it went on to break Milestone the video alone has more than 65 million hits now on YouTube after milestone its unique video has had almost 300 million hits on YouTube after Milestone it's got like 860 million views on YouTube or something like that making the song bigger than almost any other ever the third most liked video of all time on YouTube with 1 point 4 million likes although despite making a song that was somehow this famous I've read people on Twitter saying they're setting it as their alarm tone got made a point to remain extremely humble 9 months after the song came out gottier explained he still drove an old van just last week your van was stolen 10 million single sales what the hell are you doing driving a van and when asked about what he'd spent his fortune on he had no interest in luxury what is the last huge thing you bought I haven't bought anything physically big I really hoped it to be a new van in a different interview gottier was questioned what is the best thing that happened last year to which he'd respond it probably wouldn't be something to do with a marker of the success of my song or my album more something like a really great swim I took at summers's beach near where I which might also explain why he refused ads on his music video stating I'm not interested in selling my music that's the reason I don't put ads on my YouTube channel which seems strange to people in today's climate but that is a decision you can make I'm like that with all my music I generally never want to cinch my music for products on ads meaning gottier willingly forfeited over $10 million he add that he freely licensed his music to students making films and would even spend his time mentoring people learning music which was supported by a Reddit post reading I sent gottier a link of one of my tracks for the hell of it when I was a bit drunk he actually responded and said he liked it what a great personable dude attaching the original email to prove that he told the truth down in the comments a different person shared the story we threw a few emails back and forth and in my last one I said I'd say hello to him at his upcoming show anyway the tick sold out before I could get one and when I told Wally he offered to put me on the door list I can't say enough nice things about the guy gottier also gave a shout out to over a 100 fans who covered the song however it' be through these covers that gottier first revealed his Fame and success had its own list of downsides been a bit burnt out like seeing another remix another cover of a song like you know and a lot you know some are okay some are quite average and so I was I was a bit bit over it with covers such as the Star Wars That I Used to Know gaining over 30 million views it's no surprise gottier began to feel like he couldn't control the song hearing a lot of bad remixes and edits on Commercial radio around the world like so so far out of my hands that maybe you know my stage name is being badly represented by all these other people doing really crap interpretations of my song with less power over his music gottier was no longer as comfortable if anything I have more sort of self-consciousness or I can sort of see the concerns about like becoming maybe more famous more being prompted to be more of a personality you know being a small fish in a biger pond if you will and when asked on MTV are you comfortable with all the eyes on you gottier responded by stating I don't know go back and forth I guess maybe anxious at times or overwhelmed by it or not sure how to process it maybe I've sort of got used to how to handle it this made it obvious that becoming famous wasn't the motive so much that he'd moved to the other side of the world just to avoid being recognized gottier relocated from Melbourne to Brooklyn because there's a pleasant thing in New York where nobody really makes a fuss I wouldn't know if people recognize me or if they do they're very cool about it and don't mention it I felt the difference when I came back to Australia last Christmas walking into cafes or restaurants someone would say something really nice and want to chat I feel a lot more Anonymous here in New York which is nice confirming he'd lost the personability he used to enjoy with his audience when things get to a certain scale and things get sort of maybe maybe too big it's really hard to keep it personal kind of feels more disconnected to me than when say I was making tracks in my bedroom this seemingly only became worse after winning three different Grammys where during an interview afterwards he'd reveal another way he was suffering from success I sometimes felt a bit sofc conscious about it being such a big song being one that is about people who don't seem to be able to work out the differences and the fact that people sort of celebrating that seemed somehow in conrest to me for a while got Fe this song might have been adding to Global relationship dissatisfaction I feel a bit self-conscious about that because there is an aspect you know the a lot of the song is quite angsty and you know there's a bitterness and a jadedness to it not sure I really want to spread you know that greater sense of angst or dissatisfaction with failed relationship which was in addition to the thought that his song was annoying the World the song is um really overplayed and probably saturated to the point of absurdity where I feel like it's out of my hands but I'm some kind of annoying presence and an audio presence in people's lives that they would prefer not to have there he noticed that people were saying this song is plasted everywhere I can't go to a moreall without hearing it whether I like it or hate it I don't want to hear it anymore obviously they're so sick of it they feel compelled to tell me how sick of it they are and as a result gottier apologized for making everyone listen to his song over and over again because of how many times radio stations were playing it he'd also have to deal with with a phony news story claiming that gottier had died and with completely unrelated YouTube comments such as Rip gottier now you're somebody that we all used to know he'd be forced to clarify on Twitter by simply writing I'm not dead it seemed his only solution for avoiding the public Spotlight was to book an extended American tour however his live performances came with a new problem making his life even harder they really do leave after they've heard the hit especially in America I what have they got got my money worth noticed that the rest of his songs weren't quite so popular some people love some songs and hate others which is just the way it should be probably and perhaps nothing reinforced this more brutally than his 2012 Coachella performance an article explained that after playing his hit single gottier performed the rest of his songs to a noticeably smaller crowd the reason for which was explained by two different people on Reddit my friend said when he performed at Coachella the year he blew up over this song it was the first one he performed and then the crowd just laughed LOL I was there for that and can confirm that I left after hearing that song that's the curse of the one hit wonder got seemed unconcerned about this being true I mean people ask me you know like whether I worry about being a one hit wonder I'm kind of like don't really mind if I don't ever really have a big hit like that cuz some get like well I've had that experience that's what it was like however it was clear that his future music's performance was still heavy on his mind that was such a big hair what's next for you not as big a hit the question came up in so many different interviews that's the pressure of somebody that I used to know haunt you when you're writing new songs gottier made it seem as though he was about to make new music I'm only going to start writing new stuff this year however when asked about whether he can follow up the track with another Smash Hit Goa responded I don't know time will tell I don't know whether I can or whether I want to he clearly didn't work too well with deadlines you're not afraid of waiting you you you you're patient you really want to get it right but after two full years passed with no new music people began to post I wonder what happened to gottier while the original music video filled with comments such as gottier all right guys see you tomorrow last online 8 years ago my man's dropped the fattest Banger in history and dipped now he's somebody everyone used to know however by this point he'd actually appeared on television where he was asked the following question when's the next album coming out uh I don't know I'm working on things and while he didn't sound too confident there was a barely known reason for this just 2 months beforehand gottier released newsletter containing one important sentence there will be no new gottier music the newsletter continued maybe there will be I'm not entirely sure right now with the main question being whether anyone would hear his future music well people certainly would only it wouldn't be posted under Gotti's name throughout his entire career he'd been making music with a band called the basics which became his main project after ditching his solo career the basics bass player Chris schroer had clearly grown tired of people asking about gottier as hi State when I see people saying where's Wally online or making they now he's just somebody that we used to know I just think don't you idiots know how to use Google in the time it's taken you to write that stupid tweet you could have just Googled it and maybe discovered some great music he's been releasing recently on the other end it's so lazy you're not the first person to do that joke just shut up despite announcing in 2021 that the band had stopped touring the basics haven't stopped making music and there's even been some recent hope for gottier as a solo artist in 2020 he was named AR's Australian artist of the decade where he' announced that the follow-up album will be released in the next decade probably and while his past doesn't exactly indicate that it's coming anytime soon got's had an outstanding career regardless of his musical future so how has this success um changed things for you when you opportunities come along they present all sorts of challenges but they present a chance to learn new things and learn new things about yourself through that process so

  Top Comments:
  1. @joesanchez3657 [1 likes]: i think his other 2 songs are bangers too.. still listen to them on my spotify
  2. @brewergamer: I kind of don't get it tbh.  He was making songs, complaining they weren't getting any views.. made a viral song then complains? Like if you didn't want it to get views.. don't upload it 😆. Definitely strange to me.
  3. @da_miksta94: Now he's just somebody that I used to know
  4. @suziperret468: Gouge the magic of your song, “Now you’re just somebody I used to know” seems like it can’t be heard enough. Please come back❤
  5. @PerfeccionistoPerezoso78: Let’s be clear about something; something the people complaining about the pervasiveness of this song seem unaware of.  The people playing it everywhere they go were not agents of Gotye.  He was not the one who had decided to put this song all over the place.  He had written this song to be relatable and then was surprised when it made him famous.  That is the extent of his involvement.
  6. @PebblyLand: I am here after watch the "Balls Up" movie..what about u?
  7. @darrenwilfred5077: 7:44 if the Anxiety song came during that time, ppl would be livid.
  8. @MaokiDLuffy: What ruined his life was plagiarism 🤷🏽 choices
  9. @grantcarter3966: This is one of the greatest songs of all time.  Please reconsider giving up!
  10. @alejandramendez9163: Bronte and Hearts a Mess are my favorites😍
  11. @Directioner4_ever_liampayne: Now he’s just somebody that we used to know
  12. @Lock2002ful: Some things about this story are just so stupid.
Saying no to 10m dollars from yt is a middle finger to everyone that didn’t make it but gave it everything all their life.
Could’ve taken that money and given it to charity for struggling artists if he doesn’t need it or invested it in research or whatever for the betterment of humanity.

Being a one hit wonder isn’t a bad thing. What is bad is if you can’t handle it and deal with it badly.
  13. @CanvasSoldier: I always try to remember- once you release your work to the public, it's no longer "Yours," meaning the audience takes on the work in ways you could never predict. He is a wonderful, true artist.
  14. @mopia: horrible take, making content out of nothing
  15. @brianvarley5939: Complains about being famous while doing tv interviews. Is he apart of the royal family?
  16. @wendygreidanus8391: Gotye not wanting to monetize his music, makes me respect him all the more.
  17. @b34c0n: The narrator of this video has the most annoying voice and intonation of anyone anywhere ever living or dead.
  18. @everydaycompress4259: OK.. NEXt 
20 years later . dang i wish i was famous ! lol
  19. @SauciiC: This is an insanely high iq individual
  20. @SauciiC: BRO SAVED HIMSELF FROM A TRIP TO LSJ.

- How Viral Videos Masked a Louisiana Prep School’s Problems | NYT News: Kind: captions Language: en A high school student in front of a laptop, surrounded by classmates, dressed in college gear. A moment of suspense, and then … [Cheers] It was a scene repeated over and over again. Students from one Louisiana private school opening acceptance letters from their dream colleges. The videos often went viral. This one, of a 16-year-old student getting accepted to Harvard, racked up over 8 million views. But there was more to the story. Students told us many of their college applications included false information provided by their school’s administrators. And the cheers in these videos covered up an ugly reality of abuse and intimidation at T.M. Landry College Prep. “Abusing emotionally, physically. We realized, O.K. something’s not right. Everything is wrong with T.M. Landry.” Sixteen-year-old Megan Malveaux is a former student. “There was this little kid, he was probably about 7 or 8, and he was acting up in class. Mr. Mike, he had took the kid by the neck and picked him up and body slammed him on the table.” Mr. Mike is Michael Landry. He and his wife, Tracey, founded the school. It costs up to $725 a month to attend, and received national attention for its 100 percent college acceptance rate. In various TV interviews, they pitched a message of hope and hard work. “We’re changing society. We’re giving hope.” “Go big or go home.” The Landrys denied falsifying transcripts and college applications, and any allegations of abuse. But they do maintain that physical punishments are doled out because they love their students and treat them like family. The Landrys told the story of young black kids from a working-class community, who overcame systemic barriers to achieve success. “Doesn’t matter who you are, doesn’t matter where you’ve been in life, you can do it.” And the videos were crucial in promoting that message. Parents say they had no idea what was going on. “All the videos, I was excited for all the kids, because they’re kids. Little black kids like us can go to Harvard, Yale.” “I mean, the good talking he did made you realize, well, you’re kid needs to go to that school. If you want the best for your kid, you need to send them to T.M. Landry. You know, you speak to anybody in Louisiana, they’re telling you.” When the cameras were off, students say they were pitted against each other, interrogated and humiliated. Students say they were also physically punished. Sometimes they would be forced to kneel on rocks, rice or hot concrete, for hours. “I remember the first time I was put on my knees was because he gave me a test and I failed it.” A New York Times investigation found that behind the scenes, the Landrys filled out transcripts incorrectly to reflect classes the kids say they never took and grades they never earned. “My transcript was messed up because he messed up my birthday because apparently I was born the year my mom was. He put classes that I never even took, like chemistry.” Students told The Times that the Landrys told them to lie on their college applications about growing up in households marked by poverty, crime and drug addiction. If they refused, they say the Landrys threatened to do it for them. A look back reveals clues about Michael Landry's temperament, like in this recent pitch that became a passionate outburst. [Bangs fist] “Excuse me, ma’am.” But this was a rare glimpse at his frightening tone. The Landrys produced a steady stream of promotional material, painting a positive picture of an unconventional school. “T.M. Landry is a no-frills school.” “No classrooms, no walls, no books.” “Teachers without certifications. Classes with no teachers at all.” After the acceptance videos started gaining traction in 2016, press from around the country started showing up at their door. “Walking around campus, we saw that weird Landry style.” Outsiders marveled at how the Landrys could make the impossible happen. “So, O.K. this is incredible.” “The results speak for themselves.” “Go Landrys —” “They have figured out the secret sauce —” “They really have.” In media interviews, they called themselves a family — “Family first —” that pushed kids to their academic limits. “They will make it. No is not an option. Failure is not an option.” Former students and parents told us that for visits like these, students would be forced to spend days rehearsing what to say to reporters. “I plan to attend Harvard University.” “Harvard University.” “Stanford University.” “Cornell.” “Brown.” “We have this trig book, which is like from M.I.T., so we just basically teach each other.” For the high school students, there was a singular focus: practicing for the ACT. For younger kids: a loose and insufficient curriculum that has left many grade levels behind. When their methods were questioned, the Landrys were quick to dismiss any suspicions. “Some of them sound a little brainwashed.” “When it’s a black kid and it’s strictly education, something’s wrong with that kid.” “The reason why I never said nothing was because I was scared. Because they were getting all of this attentions from news channels. They were in articles. I was so brainwashed and I was thinking, he can’t do no wrong. But as you can see since I’m sitting here, I was all wrong.” Now, many in the T.M. Landry community say they feel swindled out of time, money, and ironically, an education.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ladiekiler16 [2 likes]: It's like the Fyre festival, but with school.
  2. @whosbusii [2 likes]: How do children teach each other? I mean they can but what if they are teaching other the wrong things?
  3. @alexistrebexis3195 [1 likes]: HOW did this not give off immediate red flags?! No classrooms, no desks, not one teacher with a degree even! Lol. And everyone’s like “Yea, but look how awesome”. Huh??
  4. @juliojones8402 [1 likes]: I knew it would be a scam. Soon as they said black owners and no certified teachers 😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣
  5. @anarchist_parable [1 likes]: As soon as you have 100% of anything, you know you're being scammed.
  6. @SimonTobias5812 [1 likes]: It just goes to show that Black people are as dangerous as they look.
  7. @shqip_sumejja [1 likes]: Those kids had their education stolen..
  8. @82gioccia: I never watch black kids college acceptance videos because of this
  9. @3ofEach: The school looks like a warehouse
  10. @alexistrebexis3195: Why are there even all black schools to begin with in present day? The very idea is racist. And backwards. Your slogan might as well be “we promote racial segregation”. Whatever bs reasoning you’re gonna rebut my comment with, you can go ahead and save it. You’re wrong. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Just remember that after you get your comment off your chest. ☺️😉😌
  11. @chrisbarrett2117: This is proof that journalism is dead.
  12. @grybnyx: It definitely did not help that many selective school stopped requiring the taking of standardized tests like the SAT. Getting good grades in a crappy school is not a predictor of success. And if this was a school full of Asian kids with perfect grades and perfect SAT scores, most of them would not have gotten in anywhere. That's how warped the system has become.
  13. @yesthisismyname-r5n: Is this the dr umar school?
  14. @stevenbrozynski5555: Ahhhh, y'all remember when DEI and affirmative action were a thing and the color of your skin was the most important thing on your resume?  The past was horrible, so many racist mistakes.  All those spots wasted while poor Asian students were denied their opportunity.
  15. @kolar: They did the most American thing possible. They lied and cheated.
  16. @xmasgrump2398: Everyone knew it was unreal.   😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @crunchieriest: this sounds exactly like those cults or "troubled teen" places
  18. @markbyron1: A "school" with no certified teachers, in a warehouse, run by two grifters who look like failed televangelists? HOW could anyone think anything could go wrong?!?! All they seemed to do was propagate the idea that people of color cannot possibly get into college because of the color of their skin. They also keep spreading the crap about being victims and how the system is rigged to keep them down. This was a crime. Nothing more.
  19. @Kirito14682: If the 16 year old got into harvard he would probably be in mensa already.
  20. @TVeganBabe: I’d love to create a school like this!

- My Demon Video Caused Controversy - Here Is My Response: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone welcome back to lifting the lamp this&nbsp; video is a response video it's a response to some&nbsp;&nbsp; of the comments that I received on my recent video&nbsp; on the dangers of working with demons there were&nbsp;&nbsp; some comments on there that were quite surprising&nbsp; even to me and maybe some misapprehensions about&nbsp;&nbsp; what I was trying to say in that video or&nbsp; just disagreements which I want to give a&nbsp;&nbsp; a counterargument to so not so much clapping&nbsp; back but uh definitely addressing some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; more interesting responses to my demon video which&nbsp; seems to have stirred quite a bit of Interest so&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what I'm going to be doing in this video&nbsp; keeping that discussion going going deeper into&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the more pointy or controversial issues&nbsp; arising out of that first perhaps I need to offer&nbsp;&nbsp; uh disclaimer uh to to avoid some of the more&nbsp; simply corrected misunderstandings this platform&nbsp;&nbsp; of mine is where I present my opinion on things&nbsp; and yes I'm presenting myself as a spiritual&nbsp;&nbsp; teacher with with quite a bit of knowledge&nbsp; and expertise which will help be helpful to&nbsp;&nbsp; people and and bring betterment to their path&nbsp; in a very objective way but nevertheless it is&nbsp;&nbsp; still my opinion and you're welcome to go and find&nbsp; some other opin opinion somewhere else I'm not a&nbsp;&nbsp; priest from an Evangelical Church I'm not here you&nbsp; know I'm I'm not the pope or a cardinal I I'm not&nbsp;&nbsp; here to tell you what to think to take away your&nbsp; freedom of conscience and insist that you believe&nbsp;&nbsp; something because I said so that's not the purpose&nbsp; of this exercise I will try and persuade you of my&nbsp;&nbsp; point of view uh and present it as though it is&nbsp; true because so far as I'm concerned it is true&nbsp;&nbsp; but that doesn't mean that I'm trying to force you&nbsp; to believe anything and I know that might be a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of an alien Concept in today's day and age where&nbsp; people are being compelled to to say all sorts&nbsp;&nbsp; of things that they don't believe with their own&nbsp; conscience with their own Critical examination of&nbsp;&nbsp; the facts but that's not what I'm doing here so&nbsp; when I tell you don't work with demons of course&nbsp;&nbsp; you can take that or leave that but if you if I'm&nbsp; given an opportunity to present present my opinion&nbsp;&nbsp; on that I'm going to say maybe you shouldn't&nbsp; do it that maybe there would be some unintended&nbsp;&nbsp; consequences to that exercise and that it might&nbsp; be dangerous to you and to other people you know&nbsp;&nbsp; I've explored the occult for a long time I've gone&nbsp; down lots of different rabbit holes when it comes&nbsp;&nbsp; to esoteric knowledge I've really been around and&nbsp; so you know I've experienced a lot of different&nbsp;&nbsp; things and some of those things were you know um&nbsp; an encounter with the dark powers and from time&nbsp;&nbsp; and experience I've leared that uh those powers&nbsp; are indeed uh nothing to be trifled with and and&nbsp;&nbsp; something that ought to be avoided uh you can work&nbsp; with them if you want maybe you'll get something&nbsp;&nbsp; out of it but in the long run over an indefinite&nbsp; time period uh in my experience it becomes quite&nbsp;&nbsp; empty and it becomes quite compromising even&nbsp; to your individual will and your individual&nbsp;&nbsp; Consciousness and what kind of forces you are&nbsp; allowing to influence that and if I've encountered&nbsp;&nbsp; something which I have discovered is dangerous and&nbsp; I can see other people who are trying to tr try&nbsp;&nbsp; trying to enter into a situation where that danger&nbsp; might be something they encounter and they might&nbsp;&nbsp; cause harm to themselves uh I believe that it is&nbsp; my duty to at least share that knowledge that I&nbsp;&nbsp; have uh if it might dissuade somebody from going&nbsp; down that path and causing harm to themselves I've&nbsp;&nbsp; at least discharge my duty knowing what I know uh&nbsp; but there were certainly some people who seemed&nbsp;&nbsp; to think that I was trying to force a certain&nbsp; viewpoint on people I wasn't uh but there was&nbsp;&nbsp; that very forceful kind of reaction and a lot of&nbsp; other very forceful negative reactions to to what&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to say about working with demons and I'm&nbsp; not offended you know people were entitled to&nbsp;&nbsp; their opinions but but I have to say that I'm&nbsp; surprised I I didn't think that there would be&nbsp;&nbsp; so many people who would be running to the defense&nbsp; of literal demons and having a relationship with&nbsp;&nbsp; demons and having that as your kind of religion&nbsp; if you will um that that you follow in in place&nbsp;&nbsp; of the kinds of forms of religion that went before&nbsp; um and again there are reasons for that um the&nbsp;&nbsp; mainstream religions have done a lot of damage&nbsp; uh to their reputation down through the centuries&nbsp;&nbsp; uh but even 20 years ago even in occult circles&nbsp; working with demons was something that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; considered quite taboo and you'd have to be either&nbsp; very bold or a little bit unhinged to to even&nbsp;&nbsp; think about working with demons in any serious&nbsp; way I'll will let you determine which of those&nbsp;&nbsp; two I was but um it it did come as a surprise&nbsp; how much things have changed uh and I suppose&nbsp;&nbsp; in a way I shouldn't be surprised knowing what I&nbsp; know about the times that we live in and the fact&nbsp;&nbsp; that this is the end of the age and it's the car&nbsp; Yuga but still uh I I was quite taken aback um not&nbsp;&nbsp; only by the number of people that were defending&nbsp; essentially demonolatry but but how strident they&nbsp;&nbsp; were in in trying to trying to to disprove&nbsp; what I was trying to say and and even attack&nbsp;&nbsp; my character in in ways that were quite unfair&nbsp; to to try and preserve the the Integrity of of&nbsp;&nbsp; this practice of working with demons one of the&nbsp; accusations that was made against me that found&nbsp;&nbsp; quite unfair and quite funny was that I simply uh&nbsp; had bad experiences with demons because I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; know how to handle them and I wasn't strong enough&nbsp; or knowledgeable enough or I didn't respect them&nbsp;&nbsp; enough or something like that uh that couldn't be&nbsp; further from the truth I have a lot of experience&nbsp;&nbsp; as a magician I've worked with some very powerful&nbsp; entities and one of the one of the major workings&nbsp;&nbsp; that I've done in the past which I may or may&nbsp; not do a video on was the working with the four&nbsp;&nbsp; princes of evil and the eight sub princes and&nbsp; servient Spirits following the operation to&nbsp;&nbsp; attain knowledge and convers ation with the Holy&nbsp; Guardian Angel it was some years between me doing&nbsp;&nbsp; my own operation for knowledge and conversation&nbsp; and me summoning these powerful beings uh but the&nbsp;&nbsp; purpose of that exercise was was not to commune&nbsp; with the entities in order to you know to to to&nbsp;&nbsp; to get them to do favors for me or anything it was&nbsp; really about facing Temptation putting myself in&nbsp;&nbsp; a situation uh deliberately where I was being&nbsp; tempted by these very powerful dark Forces and&nbsp;&nbsp; giving them an opportunity to throw whatever they&nbsp; could at me to try and to to try and take me off&nbsp;&nbsp; the path and make me surrender to my passions&nbsp; uh rather than staying true to my Consciousness&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was subjected during that working which&nbsp; lasted for 3 days through some very uh exacting&nbsp;&nbsp; spiritual tests and fortunately I was able to&nbsp; psychologically withstand that and spiritually&nbsp;&nbsp; withstand that and I overcame the four princes of&nbsp; evil and all of the legions that served under them&nbsp;&nbsp; so I know how to handle myself when it comes to&nbsp; Demons so like I said in my video on working with&nbsp;&nbsp; demons it just brings too much NE negativity into&nbsp; my life that I don't need and and there's other&nbsp;&nbsp; ways that I can get what I need in life without&nbsp; lowering my vibration to that level and without&nbsp;&nbsp; subjecting myself to to that kind of energy which&nbsp; which I really don't enjoy being around another&nbsp;&nbsp; accusation that was leveled at me was that I&nbsp; haven't been able to let go of my Christian&nbsp;&nbsp; brainwashing and that's why I don't like the idea&nbsp; of working with demons I again find this hilarious because for years uh from 2007 or 8 right&nbsp; up until maybe even as late as 2020 or 2021&nbsp;&nbsp; I was all in up following an occultist and a a&nbsp; famous magical practitioner who who literally&nbsp;&nbsp; called himself the Beast 666 and set himself&nbsp; to destroying everything that Christianity&nbsp;&nbsp; represented so that is to say I have seen the&nbsp; other side now it would certainly be an an odd&nbsp;&nbsp; way for someone who's still got Christian&nbsp; brainwashing to behave uh if they were to&nbsp;&nbsp; to willingly uh explore the beliefs of such a&nbsp; man and be fully open to them and the arguments&nbsp;&nbsp; against the the religion that he was rebelling so&nbsp; heavily against uh I've done videos on my faith&nbsp;&nbsp; Journey before uh from Christianity to thma and&nbsp; then uh to to something which is kind of neither&nbsp;&nbsp; but I have not accepted any beliefs that I now&nbsp; hold lightly I have gone through very rigorous&nbsp;&nbsp; contemplation and I have thought very deeply&nbsp; about questions of religion and spirituality&nbsp;&nbsp; and morality and I have questioned every tenant&nbsp; of of Christianity and I've come through that exercise agreeing with most of them to be honest&nbsp; after having tested them uh so heavily the gold&nbsp;&nbsp; that is in the teachings of the Christ stood&nbsp; the test of the fire uh but some of the things&nbsp;&nbsp; uh that some of these sort of Darker kind of&nbsp; occult Figures were promoting did not withstand&nbsp;&nbsp; the tests and that is why I eventually rejected&nbsp; uh any sort of notion that there was anything&nbsp;&nbsp; beneficial or necessary in working with demonic&nbsp; entities or having the kind of outlook on life the&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of attitude towards life that was promoted&nbsp; through working with such entities uh it is far&nbsp;&nbsp; too simplistic to to Simply say that I've been&nbsp; brainwashed by Christianity uh a brainwashed&nbsp;&nbsp; person does not go through the agonizing long&nbsp; process of questioning everything every value&nbsp;&nbsp; that they have ever known uh in the way that I&nbsp; have I was very much open to what the demons that&nbsp;&nbsp; I worked with had to tell me granted I did use&nbsp; the traditional ceremonial magical way of working&nbsp;&nbsp; with demons as is presented in the goisha where&nbsp; there is the protective Circle and the protective&nbsp;&nbsp; triangle but in the latter days of my working&nbsp; with goetic magic it was less about protecting&nbsp;&nbsp; myself in the sense of you know some kind of&nbsp; like aversion and distrust of the entities and&nbsp;&nbsp; more to do with just distinguishing the barrier&nbsp; between my Consciousness and theirs so that we&nbsp;&nbsp; can have a dialogue without things getting too&nbsp; messy or mud so I was very much open to them&nbsp;&nbsp; uh and yet with that openness with that trust&nbsp; that I tried to establish working with goetic&nbsp;&nbsp; entities in particular even then uh what I&nbsp; found was was something which I found very&nbsp;&nbsp; deceitful uh and and something which did not have&nbsp; good intentions towards me or perhaps any other&nbsp;&nbsp; person for that matter one of the more benign uh&nbsp; responses to my video that that I received was&nbsp;&nbsp; people defending the work that they had done with&nbsp; demons where they had channeled a demon or done&nbsp;&nbsp; some Practical Magic to ask a demon for something&nbsp; and they had been given something very useful to&nbsp;&nbsp; them uh and something which which helped them&nbsp; to develop themselves in a way that made them&nbsp;&nbsp; feel more successful in life like they had more&nbsp; abundance in life and you know I I respect that&nbsp;&nbsp; that's certainly something that can happen uh&nbsp; and you you may indeed go your entire magical&nbsp;&nbsp; career if you're lucky without ever having a a&nbsp; experience where there is a demonic entity which&nbsp;&nbsp; is which which has malevolent intent towards you&nbsp; or is trying to deceive you in some way but even&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to question whether what they giving&nbsp; you is really what's best for you and what what is&nbsp;&nbsp; the limit to to what they can offer you because&nbsp; in my world view um the material world the world&nbsp;&nbsp; that is separate from the world of the Divine of&nbsp; the absolute is inherently unsatisfying anything&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can gain that you can obtain there is of&nbsp; this world world will have its limit will have its&nbsp;&nbsp; tenure and then it will evaporate and and you&nbsp; will be left with nothing again and so when you&nbsp;&nbsp; put your faith and your hope in obtaining this or&nbsp; that thing you're always going to be disappointed&nbsp;&nbsp; and another layer of it as well is because we see&nbsp; things dualistically we always see the thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; we want in the world is an absolute good and&nbsp; when we get it and we find that it's not that&nbsp;&nbsp; it contains some bad things as well it it's lower&nbsp; than what we expected and we become disappointed&nbsp;&nbsp; so the point I'm trying to make it's a very&nbsp; Buddhist very Gnostic kind of a point is that this&nbsp;&nbsp; this world is not as it seems and you know demons&nbsp; can offer you things in this world um but but&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever they whatever they offer you will turn&nbsp; to dust in the end and and be worthless in the end&nbsp;&nbsp; simply because it is of the world there is a far&nbsp; greater B that you can win which is the Boon of&nbsp;&nbsp; consciousness of self-realization of of Union with&nbsp; the Divine and the demons aren't much interested&nbsp;&nbsp; in in that and if if you were you you may try&nbsp; and ask them for something like that maybe to&nbsp;&nbsp; some limited extent they could offer you that but&nbsp; you know why would you do that when you can ask&nbsp;&nbsp; for the same things from Angels who who specialize&nbsp; in getting you in touch with something higher so&nbsp;&nbsp; I can kind of while I appreciate that that certain&nbsp; people are at that point where they just they just&nbsp;&nbsp; need to sort out the physical world first the the&nbsp; foundation that they're working from first I still&nbsp;&nbsp; think there's a limitation to that and ultimately&nbsp; everything that the demons are promising you&nbsp;&nbsp; one way or another where it's through their own&nbsp; deceit or just the illusory nature of the world&nbsp;&nbsp; um the the things that they can give you which&nbsp; is supposedly really good uh are in fact just a&nbsp;&nbsp; deception they're not what they seem another&nbsp; comment that I received was that well these&nbsp;&nbsp; demons they're not really that bad they're just&nbsp; the old gods but they've been they've been recast&nbsp;&nbsp; as villains by Christianity and so that is how we&nbsp; approach them in our culture but but really they&nbsp;&nbsp; are powerful old Gods uh and so there's no reason&nbsp; why we can't reclaim those old Gods uh which have&nbsp;&nbsp; been demonized quite literally by Christianity and&nbsp; again there is some truth to this I can appreciate&nbsp;&nbsp; this this perspective um but there's there's&nbsp; kind of two things that I would say to that uh&nbsp;&nbsp; one one is that um a lot of the pagan gods were&nbsp; not great uh they were not very nice entities&nbsp;&nbsp; um they they behaved rather like the American&nbsp; Elite of today so they were not pleasant beings and in so far as we we have developed morally&nbsp; as a species over the past 2,000 years there&nbsp;&nbsp; are some things about many of the pagan gods which&nbsp; would be considered abhorent today so you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; ask yourself if you're really elevating Yourself&nbsp; by by communing with these beings do you really&nbsp;&nbsp; understand what th what those beings character&nbsp; was considered to be like by our ancestors or&nbsp;&nbsp; are you looking at it through a through a kind of&nbsp; idealized lens um where we've created these modern&nbsp;&nbsp; characters which which are really just just that&nbsp; modern modern characters who are inspired by old&nbsp;&nbsp; gods but really have nothing in common with them&nbsp; so I guess what I'm trying to say is um you might&nbsp;&nbsp; want to just research very deeply any entity that&nbsp; you work with because although ultimately the most&nbsp;&nbsp; important thing for any magic is you know what&nbsp; our beliefs are that we take into it when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; working with entities such as these uh which have&nbsp; absorbed the psychic energy of thousands if not&nbsp;&nbsp; millions of people over the centuries they do take&nbsp; on a certain independent existence and there is a&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of a there is a kind of objective reality to&nbsp; to them uh which is irrespective of your opinion&nbsp;&nbsp; of them and if you summon them that's what you're&nbsp; going to get so it's always good to to research&nbsp;&nbsp; such entities before engaging them to see if their&nbsp; values really match up with your own another thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that somebody said uh in one of the comments that&nbsp; was that I was being too dualistic in the way that&nbsp;&nbsp; I was talking about demons and so I can kind of&nbsp; see where they're coming from uh you know the the&nbsp;&nbsp; way that I was talking was very much in terms of&nbsp; a spiritual war and you know the forces of light&nbsp;&nbsp; versus the forces of Darkness I don't necessarily&nbsp; think that that's the way that things have been&nbsp;&nbsp; for all eternity but it certainly does feel&nbsp; like that's the point that we're at now there&nbsp;&nbsp; is a collision between two Universal Powers Cosmic&nbsp; powers that is occurring uh through the human race&nbsp;&nbsp; that's just the the reality that I've observed and&nbsp; perhaps it is dualistic to talk about there are&nbsp;&nbsp; demons that will likely cause you harm and there's&nbsp; these other entities that won't but we do live in&nbsp;&nbsp; a dualistic universe and a dualistic World there&nbsp; are things which will cause us pleasure and there&nbsp;&nbsp; are things that will cause us pain and that's&nbsp; that's just the universe that we live in and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's important to acknowledge those two things&nbsp; it's important to be able to distinguish between&nbsp;&nbsp; the berry that will give you sustenance and the&nbsp; one that will poison you but often what people&nbsp;&nbsp; mean when they tell somebody that they're being&nbsp; dualistic is seeing things in too much of a black&nbsp;&nbsp; and white sense like one thing is all bad and&nbsp; the other thing is all good and you know with no&nbsp;&nbsp; Nuance in between I can appreciate that point of&nbsp; view as well and and I think there is nuance and&nbsp;&nbsp; I've kind of discussed some of that Nuance in some&nbsp; of my earlier videos on what are angels and demons&nbsp;&nbsp; essentially you know um the abrahamic faiths&nbsp; are not the only religions in the world that&nbsp;&nbsp; have thought carefully about what the different&nbsp; plans of existence might look like and you know in&nbsp;&nbsp; the mainstream you know nen Christian world view&nbsp; there's Eternal punishment in hell and there's&nbsp;&nbsp; Eternal Grace in heaven and and that situation&nbsp; is fixed for all eternity and and can never be&nbsp;&nbsp; changed and there can be nothing good in evil and&nbsp; nothing evil in good uh however in Hinduism and&nbsp;&nbsp; Buddhism uh it's actually possible for a being&nbsp; that is living in the Demonic realm to engage in&nbsp;&nbsp; action and make choices that lead to Merit and&nbsp; lead to Good Karma which will eventually allow&nbsp;&nbsp; them to be reborn into a nonell realm and you know&nbsp; conversely there are beings in the realm of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Davis roughly equivalent to Angels or Gods who can&nbsp; become enamored with uh the world of attachments&nbsp;&nbsp; and the world of you know limitation and all&nbsp; of that sort of thing and they can actually&nbsp;&nbsp; fall they can actually they can actually become&nbsp; something lower than a Dava and we have stories&nbsp;&nbsp; of Fallen Angels even in Christianity uh there&nbsp; can be Angels who fall there can be demons who&nbsp;&nbsp; Ascend and and find Redemption and in fact you&nbsp; know I I heard one story from one spiritual&nbsp;&nbsp; group that I was in um of a circle of people uh&nbsp; who were doing their their meditations and their&nbsp;&nbsp; their chanting and all of that and a one of these&nbsp; demonic entities actually entered the room to try&nbsp;&nbsp; and mess with them and the group leader actually&nbsp; you know engaged this entity with compassion and&nbsp;&nbsp; and and saw the suffering that they were in and&nbsp; gave that being an opportunity to be released&nbsp;&nbsp; from that suffering to to be reborn into a better&nbsp; existence and and that that entity actually made&nbsp;&nbsp; the choice to to do that to to ascend to a higher&nbsp; plane so it's not black and white and I recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; that but it's you know it's it's it's usually&nbsp; the case that these kinds of entities um are&nbsp;&nbsp; quite dangerous you know there's always going to&nbsp; be exceptions to the rule but um you know a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; the time generalizations uh tend to be right most&nbsp; of the time that's why they're generalizations&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's something that people don't want to&nbsp; acknowledge because generalizations can lead&nbsp;&nbsp; to a lot of unfair assumptions about people but&nbsp; all that I'm saying is if something has such a&nbsp;&nbsp; bad reputation as the Demonic does then you know&nbsp; maybe maybe don't be so quick to to trust those&nbsp;&nbsp; kinds of entities uh given what Society is like in&nbsp; this day and age and and and how people treat each&nbsp;&nbsp; other I barely even trust human beings most of the&nbsp; time let alone demons uh so so why why would you&nbsp;&nbsp; trust them uh and and and if they have indicated&nbsp; to you time and again through their influence on&nbsp;&nbsp; the culture for example that they want to corrupt&nbsp; you and they they want to destroy you and they&nbsp;&nbsp; they want to make a mockery of everything in&nbsp; your nature that is natural and good by warping&nbsp;&nbsp; that why would you why would you trust that when&nbsp; they've told you exactly what they plan to do to you uh you know I I hope that more and more people&nbsp; can wake up to to exactly what what it is that&nbsp;&nbsp; these these beings by and large want with us if&nbsp; you are in some kind of a situation where one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these entities appears you have an encounter&nbsp; with with a demonic entity that is an entity which&nbsp;&nbsp; should be respected not trusted perhaps but at&nbsp; least respected uh and you know maybe that maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; that being wants to be released from its from its&nbsp; existence more likely it doesn't uh in which case&nbsp;&nbsp; if you come under spiritual attack you need to be&nbsp; prepared to to respond in kind if you attacked by&nbsp;&nbsp; a wild animal you would have to defend yourself&nbsp; you know you wouldn't think about the dualism&nbsp;&nbsp; between wild animals that attack people and and&nbsp; civilized intelligent human beings you just do&nbsp;&nbsp; what you need to do Ward banish uh get rid of it&nbsp; as soon as possible as soon as you've established&nbsp;&nbsp; that there's there's no reason for for that being&nbsp; to be there anymore you need to just you just need&nbsp;&nbsp; to make it leave uh you know the the longer it&nbsp; the longer that kind of energy sticks around the&nbsp;&nbsp; more Troublesome it becomes another criticism&nbsp; that I received for my demon video was that I&nbsp;&nbsp; was being divisive by saying that people shouldn't&nbsp; work with demons and this one I find particularly&nbsp;&nbsp; ironic because um I explained in my video that&nbsp; that the nature of the Demonic realm the nature&nbsp;&nbsp; of the cic realm is one of division and infighting&nbsp; and the the the thing that distinguishes is it&nbsp;&nbsp; from the Divine and the Heavenly Realms is that&nbsp; the Heavenly Realms are unified Realms where all&nbsp;&nbsp; the beings cooperate with one another and there&nbsp; is a sense of of the Oneness of all things so so&nbsp;&nbsp; accusing me of being divisive is is obviously&nbsp; showing a preference for for the unity um of&nbsp;&nbsp; of the absolute um but then why criticize me for&nbsp; advocating for for not being drawn down into that&nbsp;&nbsp; world of division and and and aspiring instead&nbsp; for the Divine uh I'm I'm not speaking against&nbsp;&nbsp; working with demons to be divisive but to be&nbsp; less divisive uh some some of this does come&nbsp;&nbsp; down to again the fact that we live in a dualistic&nbsp; world and we're limited in our language for for&nbsp;&nbsp; explaining the relationships between things um&nbsp; and the difference between the Manifest and the&nbsp;&nbsp; Divine immediately sets up another dualism which&nbsp; is inescapable so long as we inhabit the dualistic&nbsp;&nbsp; world but I I'm not going to get defensive about&nbsp; saying that we should we should preference trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to return to that unity and we should distance our&nbsp; elves from the things that shatter that unity and&nbsp;&nbsp; shatter our own Consciousness and and and bring&nbsp; us down energetically and I want to just finish&nbsp;&nbsp; by reiterating what what I really think was&nbsp; the most important message of of that video&nbsp;&nbsp; on working with demons which perhaps got lost on&nbsp; people the the main point of the video was to say&nbsp;&nbsp; that you don't need any any other beings um to to&nbsp; do to do anything you only need yourself yeah and&nbsp;&nbsp; I I realize that I I'm saying this as somebody&nbsp; who has worked with angels which is which is&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of you know asking to to see the answers&nbsp; to the test questions so to speak um but even&nbsp;&nbsp; then the answer was still uh according even to the&nbsp; angels to to just look to yourself and and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the most important thing the point I'm trying to&nbsp; make is you only need yourself you don't need to&nbsp;&nbsp; rely on demons or or or anything else in order&nbsp; to be empowered in order to exercise your will&nbsp;&nbsp; and and do what you need to do on the spiritual&nbsp; path you know I wasn't speaking as someone who&nbsp;&nbsp; you know is like a fundamentalist Christian who&nbsp; who's clobbering people with the Bible and saying&nbsp;&nbsp; you know you have to believe in Christ Jesus you&nbsp; know or you're going to hell and that's why you&nbsp;&nbsp; shouldn't work with demons you know you know&nbsp; maybe maybe in a way I was telling people to&nbsp;&nbsp; look to Christ in so far as we all have our own&nbsp; inner Christ which represents the solar nature&nbsp;&nbsp; within us the kind of um self with a capital&nbsp; S within us which is our True Divine Nature uh&nbsp;&nbsp; expressed through love um but I certainly wasn't&nbsp; prizing about any kind of mainstream religion uh&nbsp;&nbsp; which is where a lot of people kind of start from&nbsp; when they're talking about issues like the dangers&nbsp;&nbsp; of demons and various forms of the occult um&nbsp; and I think often those people have much too&nbsp;&nbsp; broad a brush stroke in terms of the kinds of&nbsp; practices they condemn that wasn't the purpose&nbsp;&nbsp; of the exercise and I shouldn't be lumped in with&nbsp; those people I'm telling you to look to yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; once again uh and if you're allowing yourself&nbsp; to come under the influence of demonic spirits&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not doing that and perhaps you perhaps you&nbsp; want to augment your Consciousness in that way&nbsp;&nbsp; perhaps it's it's the path that you're on uh so&nbsp; be it but I I just don't want to be misunderstood&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to be very clear about what kind of a&nbsp; what kind of a solution I'm proposing to you&nbsp;&nbsp; know working with these demons or what kind of&nbsp; an alternative that I'm proposing so I hope that&nbsp;&nbsp; that's cleared up some of the uncertainties or&nbsp; answered some of the criticisms that I received&nbsp;&nbsp; for my demon video and maybe generated a bit&nbsp; more interest around this topic which seems&nbsp;&nbsp; to be getting quite a bit of interest um so&nbsp; I thought it was worth me exploring some of&nbsp;&nbsp; these things a bit more deep ly but uh thank you&nbsp; for listening as per usual uh like the video If&nbsp;&nbsp; you enjoyed subscribe to my channel to support my&nbsp; work you can also subscribe to my Odyssey account&nbsp;&nbsp; to support me there uh and leave any comments&nbsp; you have down below and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @gwinsome [5 likes]: Demons saved my life. I'll probably record a video about that tomorrow. It wasn't only demons. It was demons and my HGA working together. But without the demons, I would have continued to exile emotions and actions that I had incorrectly dubbed as wrong and bad when those actions were, in actuality (when correctly applied!) protective and necessary.
The demons didn't generally have as measured of an opinion of these things, but they made good and necessary cases that facilitated literally life-saving changes for me. I see the potential danger in working with demons, particularly without heavy involvement of the HGA. But for me? They were absolutely indispensable. 
Everything has a fruitful application. Everything. Even things that are usually harmful have positive applications as well. 
Most medicine, for example, is literally poison to the healthy. And they're hardly an isolated case.
  2. @tuco8734 [2 likes]: I appreciate you sharing your experiences .
  3. @Selenethequeen666 [1 likes]: You shouldnt apologize. People need to be warned about demons especially goetia. For every easy to work with or helpful one that gets you results there are 10 that will run you or toy with you and destroy your life and no not in a “tower moment” reconstructive way. At best most will breadcrumb or drain you frequently by obsession bar a few IME.
  4. @JoydeepMukherjee-c5g [1 likes]: Keep your trash opinions to youself…you know nothing about demons…. Nonsense
  5. @Ravanananda [1 likes]: very nuanced take, much respect. I'm LHP, but ur stuff is top shelf occult YouTube, OcculTube if you will, lol
  6. @Ravanananda [1 likes]: my favorite 'demon' taught me so much. He taught me how to invert the LBRP for further protection and I later realized that this cast angels out of my energy body. I have never noticed a more profound banishing of alien influence. That's just one gain I got.
  7. @antediluvianant: All the people who think it's self-serving or cool to mess with the demonic need to also contend with the fact that they are bringing that darkness into the lives of everyone who knows them,; people who are likely ignorant of the demonic world, and therefore, defenceless if they are psychically open and more vulnerable than the average person is.

As for the forceful negative reactions you encountered, I'd say that people who can't control their emotional reactions and are still stuck in a young, 'no-one tells me what to do!' attitude, are likely not ready to undertake such workings.
  8. @ptrhoma: I would really appreciate seeing more videos about your experience with demons. Unlike many other videos on YouTube that lean into shock value or feel performative, what you shared came across as raw and genuine. It felt reflective rather than attention-seeking, and I found it much more informative and grounded than most of what’s out there. 🙏
  9. @Reeeepicheep: Demons can’t be redeemed though
  10. @TheRedCode-ov8fs: It's probably not within my expertise to comment on this sort of thing, but I am quite confused by the fact you're working with angels who are middle men in all of this. You seem to indicate that Christ is the kingmaker in your world veiw of good vs evil, seemingly anyways. So my question is, has it ever peaked you're curiosity enough to just use the prayer techneques mentioned in the new testament, just to see the cause and effect? Seeing that you appear to be an occultist through and through, I'd assume the endgame is to uncover the truth, so why are you looking in all the wrong places still? If you want real magical power, I'll tell you the truth, it's been sitting right under your nose this entire time.
  11. @DreamItCraftIt: Thank you for these videos. So much. 
I was wondering if it was possible to work with a demon unconsciously/ without one knowing? This is what bothers me the most
  12. @Thelanguageofthebirds: I don’t feel like anyone really needs to justify their decisions to anyone unless they have been accountable to leading people down that path (such as introducing people to the internal realm and then suddenly leaving that path). I haven’t been subscribed that long but I appreciate that you are discerning to allow people to make up their own mind. You don’t have to explain yourself to people. They too need to cultivate their own critical thinking faculties.
  13. @chincemagnet: I’ve never seen anything that leads me to believe any of this is real.  Some evidence, from anybody credible, would be appreciated
  14. @PuggiTheGreat: Your first video is was very good and honest, thanks. Demons are called demons for a reason, they are part of the spiritual underworld and as in the material world there is always a price to pay for dealing with the underworld, one becomes part of that underworld and it does not matter what’s one’s religion or theology is, the same principles apply all over the world. There will be a price to pay, there always is and fools will always rush in…one thing I would say, if someone is using grimoires to gain success in life they’re not on a spiritual path, they are just sorcerers.
  15. @kevinmcgrew7456: Lucifer was the first spirit I worked with he came to me a year after my wife passed he had a white sport suit on dark eyes but a light energy to him and a warm touch to him . Azazel and Satan had a dark energy to them Satan had horns and wings but a very dark and powerful energy to them . I haven't worked with any of the spirits in a year or so now but I've worked with many of them never had any fear in summoning any of them.
  16. @savagelily311: Okay, so I've a question for you then, how is it that you go about acquiring that which you desire without the assistance of Demons? Angels? Are they not one & the same?
  17. @antonioesparza816: Btw if you want to blow your mind look up 9th circle Satanic Sex Cult with the pope demonic leader of the Catholic Cult
  18. @antonioesparza816: I watched your demon video and was very informative was str8 up authentic don’t pay haters no mind their lost poor damaged souls
  19. @Ravanananda: also, you mentioned the inner Christ meaning the inner solar nature of all people. I tried doing a solar heart activation and it didn't work, multiple times. I did a lunar heart activation, and it was dynamite. Huh.
  20. @blahblahblah6: I saw your previous video and I see no problem with it.  

You were giving advice, not issuing orders.

- The Truth About My Fight "Controversy" w/ iDubbbz: Kind: captions Language: en - It all started with this video. - If you guys have any other influencers in mind that wouldn't wimp out on a boxing match, I am so beyond down. - [Mike] Which led to this message, which led to this message, which led to these antics. - Dr. Mike has 10 years of boxing experience, I'm still going to win. - It's really unfortunate that I have to knock out iDubbbz. - I've got three sexiest doctors and I'm gonna kick their asses. - Unlike iDubbbz, I did not put my life on hold for this. - Bitch, I've been setting up this event. It's gonna be a multi-million dollar event. - Dr. Mike's a bitch. - What even type of doctor are you, a pediatrician? - It's a good thing there's gonna be a doctor in the ring, all seriousness. - You're gonna die tomorrow. - Which led to, this. (crowd cheering) (suspenseful music) It was supposed to be four fucking rounds! - [Sam] Ready to talk about the controversy? - The controversy, the controversy, the controversy. Over a million raised for charity, and we're talking about controversy. But, there's a lot of controversy, so. Don't panic. - How you doing? - [Mike] What's up buddy? - Hey. - Nice to officially meet in person. - Yeah. - How are you, how are you? - [Mike] Hi. - This is Anisa. - [Mike] Nice to meet you in person. - This man's gonna go and try to knock your head off. And so is this man. How do you see this fight going? How do you get the W? - I think there's gonna be a lot of nerves on both sides no matter how cool and calm and collected we seem. - I'm excited to see what happens. I don't know what's gonna happen. - This is our main event and I can tell you right now, while these two are competitors, while they're respectful, as the time nears, things are gonna get interesting. - [Sam] All right Mike, we need immediate reaction. - Immediate reactions? - [Sam] You just met iDubbbz, what do you think? - I'm hype. I mean, he's a really nice guy. It's almost awkward at this point. Remember what I said in the video, "Out of respect, we fight." Cool tats, I wish I had more tats. I think that's my biggest disadvantage going into the fight, lack of tats. - [Thomas] We peel back the tats. - It's one tat to 20 tats. - [Friend] Where are we going, go all the way down? - We're about to do the ceremonial weigh-in as well as the media interviews, talk some smack, get some hype for the fight. (spectators speaking in background) Did you see his traps? Show 'em, do the trap thing. - Ooh! - Yeah, cobra-style. - Ooh, lemme see the traps, come on. Let me see the traps. - Weak traps. You know what though? I just watched a video on Snapchat yesterday, 'cause I was gonna critique it medically. 'Cause the title of the video is, "How You Can Know If Someone's Using Steroids." I'm like, "Bullshit, you could never know when someone's using steroids." And they're like, "If someone gets really big traps." - [Ian] Oh, that's slander. - No, no, no, I'm just gonna finish it, because there's a lot of androgenic receptors there for the steroids to hit. So people with big traps, I don't know, I'm just saying. - No, that's slander. You can't say that. - Bro, are you roiding bro? - Short interjection here. As I said, we're about to do the ceremonial weigh-in. But we're a bunch of liars, because we've already weighed in. Usually, the official weigh-in is done the day before to ensure that if somebody's gonna miss weight, you don't wanna find out last minute in front of a huge audience. It also allows fighters who cut a lot of water weight to rehydrate for the lights and cameras. In addition to the official weigh-in, we met with doctors who checked over our various criteria and made sure that we were physically and mentally ready to step into that ring. - Dr. Mike weighs in today at 188.4. (crowd applauding) Now I know why he's main event, take a look at that. (crowd laughing and applauding) iDubbbz weighs in today at 188 pounds. - Yeah, it's kind of a cool thing to say, I guess. (everyone laughing) - Let's go. (intense music) I can't believe we sold this motherfucker out. - [Driver] 10,000 right? Got the ramp for the elderly, all right. - Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go baby! - Peewoop! - Main focus is just relax, calm, joking around. That's what we want. When we see that, then it's okay. If he's like (gasping), "Houston, we got a problem." This is it, this is it man. - Dr. Mike! iDubbbz! This match is about to explode! - [Commentator] Four rounds, three minutes, well-balanced flow! Here we go! - [Analyst] God, Dr. Mike is swinging to put him to bed! - [Commentator] He drifts early, there's that overhand. Oh, nice jab, iDubbbz. iDubbbz has this slickness about him. He has this slickness about him. Nice jab, Dr. Mike. Ooh, big right hand. Mike, not letting him, big right hand. - [Analyst] Oh, good combo! We can already see this, ooh, that right hand! - [Commentator] Big right hand! Mike's blocking those hands right now. Big right hand, Dr. Mike! He is patient, there it is again! Folks, we have a minute left in this round. (bell ringing) It's not a two-minute, round. I thought we were going for three. I guess we're going for two. - [Analyst] That's right. - [Commentator] I think we're gonna have to adjust here. - [Thomas] Settle down, breathe, two deep breaths. - The power- - Correct. - [Commentator] Of Dr. Mike, is definitely showing- - [Analyst] Oh! - [Commentator] A little bit of a cheeky- - [Analyst] Yeah, that was a little cheeky- - [Commentator] Shot off the glove touch. - [Analyst] The power factor is showing here for Dr. Mike. - [Commentator] I hear you, that was a scoring blow, big right hand. Ooh, when he's throwing that right hand it's going- - [Analyst] That hurt him, that hurt Ian. iDubbbz is in this phase now where he is swinging. But the defense is not there. And he's wobbly. Right hand, Dr. Mike! - [Commentator] And the round... - [Analyst] That was the end of the round. - [Commentator] Saves Ian. - [Analyst] That bell could not have come at a better time for iDubbbz. - [Commentator] Quick adjustment guys, I think we might've added a fifth round. - [Analyst] That's what I figured. That's what I figured. - [Commentator] But we rock with it just like that big right hand! This is what we're seeing! Ooh, sharp! - [Analyst] Even that again, another one, Ian just limping on wobbly legs here. - [Commentator] Yeah. - Another one! - [Commentator] Another one! Right over hand. Big time shots from the doctor. How is iDubbbz's unstable legs after taking some of these shots? Dr. Mike, walking him all over the ring, just landing. - [Analyst] They think four. - [Commentator] They think four but we got one more. Here we go folks, the last round in your main event, entertaining an absolute slobberknocker. - [Analyst] Dr. Mike just throws bricks at him. - [Commentator] Those injuries, iDubbbz works the body! - [Analyst] Oh, he's just fighting through so much- - [Commentator] It is all-out war, 19 seconds! (commentators cheering) - Wow! - Getting a win in my first ever boxing match with a sold-out 10,000-person arena, over 100,000 watching online streaming, I thought it ended there. But then I went into the comment section. (mellow instrumental music) There was a lot of people that were hyper, hyper angry at me for doing the glove touch in the second round, and then immediately exploding with a one-two combination on Ian. And looking back at it, I understand why they're upset. They viewed it as a cheap shot. I apologize to Ian, to Anisa, to everyone at home because, this is a charity boxing match. And I'm not trying to get some kind of crazy advantage. - I'm not saying that he intentionally did that or anything. - I was competitive. I was high-intensity and my coaches, they're like, "Mike, cut out the nice-guy thing. We want you serious for this fight. And I want you to explode off the glove touch. We want you to get into the action as quickly as possible." But that was advice for round one. For some reason in the thick of all the action, I went in for a glove touch in round two, wasn't supposed to do that. But man, people need to understand when you're in a boxing fight, your first ever boxing fight, everything that you plan for goes out the window. The fact that I was able to stay calm and follow some sort of game plan is amazing to me. So people judging me for throwing those punches too quick, for people judging Ian for hitting me after the bell in round five, saying that I hit Ian in the back of the head several times, for people saying that Ian grabbed my head multiple times and had to be corrected by the ref, get outta here! This is a first-time boxing match for two first-time fighters who both very much, respect each other. You're literally trying to find controversy where there is none. The biggest controversy in my mind, the rules changed mid-fight unbeknownst to me, to Ian, to my coaches, to his coach. The rules were supposed to be a four-round fight, three minutes each round, which makes it a 12-minute fight. But somehow in the middle of the fight, they changed it to five rounds, two-minute rounds. I know it sounds like it's just a minute, but I'm telling you this changes strategy completely. When I had Ian on the ropes or I thought I had him weak and I thought I could pounce, I didn't necessarily go all-out because when I looked at the clock I saw a minute left on the clock. The final point that probably made me the most emotional and I don't even know why to be honest, is somehow I ended up being the villain in this fight, the heel, if you will. I actually, upon coming out and doing my walkout, people booed me in my introduction. I get people were celebrating Ian 'cause it's his event. They wanted him to win. He's the underdog. I didn't really understand why all that hate came from, considering Ian and I had no bad blood, still talking to him and Anisa about Creator Clash two. That was kind of unfortunate to see. I never played the villain role before. But I guess in the boxing world, you gotta get used to it. And as they say, literally, "roll with the punches." I gotta give a huge thank you to Thomas Baldwin, my trainer. Steven Frank, who came out and was my assistant coach for the fight. The whole team at Boxing Science, including Danny Wilson for getting me ready, fit, helping me lose all the weight for the boxing match and getting my stamina up. Sam, Dan, for helping me document the journey. Keith, for being there throughout the entire journey, not just the boxing. And I gotta give a thank you to all my sparring partners, Brian, Donovan and all the folks at The Last Round in New York where I do all of my boxing training. Huge shout-out to Elvis Grant for hooking me up with some of the best boxing gloves in the business. And obviously, my friends and family who came out to support, and the fans that came out to support. I know that there were three of you there, so thank you for coming out. Here's my video with Amanda Serrano, the world's greatest female boxer. As always, stay happy and healthy. I wanna say, Mom, I did this for you. Dad, I love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliozanerbektas [2 likes]: His comeback could have been like "at the end of the fight, you'll be the who needs chest compressions"
  2. @hope.eh10 [1 likes]: the only thing that made me mad were the commentators..
  3. @ethan-df9im [1 likes]: I can't believe dr mike gave I dubs brain damage
  4. @antemrkic1702 [1 likes]: Doctor Mike was hunting.
  5. @covfefe69 [1 likes]: IDubbz got his ass whooped properly. Even if you hit him with some bad manners, that fight was only going one way and everyone knows it.
  6. @BarbaraBailey-vh6wj [1 likes]: I didn't see any cheap shots I saw a boxer boxing an opponent regardless of whether it is for charity or not you are always going to do your best
  7. @booshakka [1 likes]: Thanks for beating Mr Jomha’s ahh, he’s had it a long time coming
  8. @Aeternous: People say Idubbbz' brain got downgraded by these hits. I disagree, he never had it.
  9. @enricochestri: Sorry wrong video. Sucks
  10. @qwertza-f8m: 4:38 that walk was aura
  11. @2TimeAbe: Dr. Mike, I didn’t know you cook like that holy
  12. @xavtrial3382: 2:47 I am on (PERSCRIBED!) testosterone and it has given me some nice traps and completely transformed my body in a positive way, this is so interesting to learn- but my personal giveaway is my whole upper arms are covered in acne, I just don't respond well to puberty in terms of clear skin 😢 but it's greatly improved my quality of life having normal T levels for once
  13. @GodaHumando: Bro might Kazuki Sanada
  14. @TheGunBench: “Protect yourself at all times”
  15. @zoeilgatrblx6713: Newbies do make mistakes and people just likes to make controversy and other hateful things... 😕 Anyway, y'all did great!
  16. @karebushmarebu233: “If America is not right for ya, hit the road” — this is the most unpatriotic, un-American statement I’ve ever heard. If George Washington had acted in this way, the USA wouldn’t even be a country. The US is founded by true “patriots” that saw a nation full of people, saw what it currently was under British rule as a colony, but also saw what it could be, saw that it could be something so much better. They loved the place and recognised it had the potential to be something greater than what it currently was, and they fought (and died) so they could make the USA. 

The whole point of being a patriot is constantly pushing your nation and people to be better, to reach their potential. When things are bad you don’t give up, you don’t abandon your people and land, you fight against those corrupting forces and help it be the place it always should have been.

Patriotism is NOT when you lick the boot of the president, patriotism is NOT when you blindly follow tradition without critique or criticism.
  17. @supercircle2: You don’t need to apologize. All boxers know, protect yourself at all times
  18. @RKXEditZ-p3h: this kinda makes me mad but what some dont understand is once gloves touch the fight is ON immeidatly  i speelled that wrong btw
  19. @thabangndlovu: You used to fight?
  20. @Crashout3434: Dad kept the original time.Mike would have knocked him out

- Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video): Kind: captions Language: en THREE, TWO, ONE. ♪♪ OBIE TRICE REAL NAME NO GIMMICKS... ♪ - ( record halts ) - ( giggles ) OH-HMM. ♪♪ TWO TRAILER PARK GIRLS GO ROUND THE OUTSIDE, ♪♪ ♪♪ ROUND THE OUTSIDE, ROUND THE OUTSIDE ♪♪ Marshall, we've got to boogie. I'm on the way. GO ROUND THE OUTSIDE ♪♪ ♪♪ GUESS WHO'S BACK ♪♪ ♪♪ BACK AGAIN ♪♪ ♪♪ SHADY'S BACK ♪♪ ♪♪ TELL A FRIEND ♪♪ ♪♪ GUESS WHO'S BACK, GUESS WHO'S BACK ♪♪ GUESS WHO'S BACK... ♪♪ ♪♪ NA-NA-NA-NA... ♪♪ ♪♪ I'VE CREATED A MONSTER, CUZ NOBODY WANTS TO SEE MARSHALL NO MORE, THEY WANT SHADY ♪ ♪♪ I'M CHOPPED LIVER WELL IF YOU WANT SHADY ♪♪ ♪♪ THEN THIS IS WHAT I'LL GIVE YA ♪♪ ♪♪ A LITTLE BIT OF ME MIXED WITH SOME HARD LIQUOR♪ ♪♪ SOME VODKA THAT WILL JUMPSTART MY HEART QUICKER ♪ ♪♪ THEN A SHOCK WHEN I GET SHOCKED AT THE HOSPITAL ♪♪ ♪♪ BY THE DOCTOR WHEN I'M NOT COOPERATING ♪ ♪♪ WHEN I'M ROCKING THE TABLE WHILE HE'S OPERATING ♪♪ ♪♪ YOU WAITED THIS LONG TO STOP DEBATING ♪♪ ♪♪ CUZ I'M BACK, I'M ON THE --- AND OVULATING ♪ ♪♪ I KNOW YOU GOT A JOB MS. CHENEY ♪♪ ♪♪ BUT YOUR HUSBANDS HEART PROBLEM IS COMPLICATED ♪ ♪♪ SO THE F.C.C. WON'T LET ME BE ♪♪ ♪♪ OR LET ME BE ME SO LET ME SEE ♪♪ ♪♪ THEY TRIED TO SHUT ME DOWN ON --- ♪♪ ♪♪ BUT IT FEELS SO EMPTY WITHOUT ME ♪♪ ♪♪ SO COME ON AND DIP, BUM ON YOUR LIPS ♪♪ ♪♪ JUMP BACK JIGGLE A HIP AND WIGGLE A BIT ♪♪ ♪♪ AND GET READY CUZ THIS IS ABOUT TO GET HEAVY ♪ ♪♪ I JUST SETTLED ALL MY LAWSUITS, DEBBIE! ♪ ♪♪ NOW THIS LOOKS LIKE A JOB FOR ME ♪♪ ♪♪ SO EVERYBODY JUST FOLLOW ME ♪♪ ♪♪ CUZ WE NEED A LITTLE CONTROVERSY, ♪♪ ♪♪ CUZ IT FEELS SO EMPTY WITHOUT ME ♪♪ ♪♪ I SAID, THIS LOOKS LIKE A LITTLE CONTROVERSY ♪♪ THOUT ME ♪♪ ♪♪ LITTLE HELLIONS KIDS FEELING REBELLIOUS ♪♪ ♪♪ EMBARRASSED THEIR PARES STILL LISTEN TO ELVIS ♪♪ ♪♪ THEY START FEELING LIKE PRISONERS, HELPLESS ♪ ♪♪ TILL SOMEONE COMES ALOG ON A MISSION AND YELLS ----- ♪ ♪♪ A VISIONARY, VISION SCAR, COULD START A REVOLUTION ♪ ♪♪ POLLUTIN' THE AIR WAVES A REBEL ♪♪ ♪♪ SO LET ME JUST REVEL AND BASK ♪♪ ♪♪ IN THE FACT THAT I GOT EVERYONE KISSING MY --- ♪♪ ♪♪ AND IT'S A DISASTER SUCH A CATASTROPHE ♪♪ ♪♪ FOR YOU TO SEE SO MUCH OF MY ASS YOU ASK FOR ME? ♪♪ WELL I'M BACK-- NA-NA-NA-NA-NA-NA... ♪♪ ♪♪ FIX YOUR BENT ANTENNAE♪ ♪♪ TUNE IT IN AND THEN I'M GONNA ENTER INTO THE FRONT ♪♪ ♪♪ OF YOUR SKIN LIKE A SPLINTR THE CENTER OF ATTENTION BACK FOR THE WINTER ♪♪ ♪♪ I'M INTERESTING, THE BEST THING SINCE WRESTLING ♪ ♪♪ INFESTING IN YOUR KIDS EAR AND NESTING ♪♪ ♪♪ TESTING ATTENTION PLEASE♪ ♪♪ FEEL THE TENSION SOON AS SOMEONE MENTIONS ME♪ ♪♪ HERE'S MY 10 CENTS MY TWO CENTS IS FREE ♪♪ ♪♪ A NUISANCE, WHO SENT, YOU SENT FOR ME ♪♪ ♪♪ I SAID THIS LOOKS LIKE A JOB FOR ME ♪♪ ♪♪ CUZ IT FEELS ♪♪ A TISK-IT A TASK-IT ♪♪ ♪♪ I GO TIT FOR TAT WITH ♪♪ ♪♪ ANYBODY WHO'S TALKING THIS AND THAT ---- ♪♪ ♪♪ CHRIS KIRKPATRICK YOU CAN GET YOUR --- ------♪ ♪♪ WORSE THAN THEM LITTLE LIMP BIZKIT BASTARDS♪ ♪♪ AND MOBY, YOU CAN GET STOMPED BY OBIE♪ ♪♪ YOU 36 YEAR OLD BALD HEADED STAN ---- ME ♪ ♪♪ YOU DON'T KNOW ME, YOU'RE TOO OLD ♪♪ ♪♪ LET IT GO ITS OVER, NOBODY LISTENS TO TECHNO ♪ ♪♪ NOW LETS GO, JUST GIVE ME A SIGNAL ♪♪ ♪♪ I WILL BE THERE WITH A WHOLE LIST FULL OF NEW INSULTS ♪♪ ♪♪ I'VE BEEN DOPE, SUSPENSEFUL WITH A PENCIL ♪♪ ♪♪ EVER SINCE PRINCE TURND HIMSELF INTO A SYMBOL ♪♪ ♪♪ BUT SOMETIMES, MAN, IT JUST SEEMS ♪♪ ♪♪ EVERYBODY WANTS TO DISCUSS ME ♪♪ ♪♪ SO THIS MUST MEAN I'M DISGUSTING ♪♪ ♪♪ BUT ITS JUST ME I'M JUST OBSCENE ♪♪ ♪♪ THOUGH I'M NOT THE FIRST KING OF CONTROVERSY♪ ♪♪ I AM THE WORST THING SINCE ELVIS PRESLEY ♪♪ ♪♪ TO DO BLACK MUSIC SO SELFISHLY ♪♪ ♪♪ AND USE IT TO GET MYSELF WEALTHY ♪♪ ♪♪ HEY! THERE'S A CONCEPT THAT WORKS ♪♪ ♪♪ 20 MILLION OTHER WHITE RAPPERS EMERGE ♪♪ ♪♪ BUT NO MATTER HOW MANY FISH IN THE SEA ♪ ♪♪ IT WILL BE SO EMPTY ♪♪ I SAID ♪♪ HUM-DEI-DEI-LA-LA ♪♪ ♪♪ LA-LA-LA-LA-LA ♪♪ ♪♪ LA-LA-LA-LA ♪♪ ♪♪ HUM-DEI-LA-LA-LA ♪♪ ♪♪ LA-LA-LA-LA. ♪♪♪♪ KIDS! ( music continues )

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlienInvasionSeries-y9i [2 likes]: 22 mai ???
  2. @TheRealJMoney [1 likes]: OOOOOOOOOO
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
  3. @JulianAndresVargas [1 likes]: Scary movie VI
  4. @SebastianAndresSanchezSa-ze3zm [1 likes]: Scary Movie 😊😊
  5. @TM.lindao [1 likes]: Am I the only one in 2026?
  6. @Kurbanov-p3q: Who is watching on 22 june 2026
  7. @Não_sei_sem_ideia: 💎🐦👂👋🔊
  8. @moresamgyetangplease: May 22, 2026 ( 19:34 pm ) listening to this from Samoa while cleaning our new kitchen that looks like a bar with the lights and the counter... chehooo from Samoa 🇼🇸
  9. @Xer0zerLP: 3:55  big boobs
  10. @SylvainReveniaud: Hello
  11. @Jake.cars.1: 04 baby here, if this isn't played at my funeral don't come an sue the funeral company 😂😂
  12. @竹取の翁-d9d: マルマルモリモリから来ました
  13. @Chxmp1onYT: Listening to Eminem songs censored is like a cheeseburger without the patty and cheese
  14. @diegonolazco-dt7hd: Yo rapeo más rápido 🥵
  15. @CesarGarcia777-w6t: Y ES 5-4 PAL PARIS 🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
  16. @DylanHamm-x3t: wow...............................................................................................
  17. @mathannurmagomedov3054: ❤
  18. @bryanreis6140: Se preparem, pois a nova geracao vai conhecer essa mina de ouro em forma de som em junho atraves do filme todo mundo em panico 6
  19. @neumanagha6530: fucking love this track 
he roasted everyone
  20. @HannaRodli-z7m: MARSHALL MATHERS WHOS YOUR BEST FRIEND IS IT DRE OR IS IT YELAWOLF OR IS IT YOUR EX WIFE OR WHO IS YOUR BEST FRIEND FOR REAL MARSHALL MATHERS

- Scandal - The Warrior (Official Video) ft. Patty Smyth: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) (jacket ripping) ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ You run, run, run away ♪ ♪ It's your heart that you betray ♪ ♪ Feeding on your hungry eyes ♪ ♪ I bet you're not so civilized ♪ ♪ Well, isn't love primitive ♪ ♪ A wild gift that you wanna give ♪ ♪ Break out of captivity ♪ ♪ And follow me, stereo jungle child ♪ ♪ Love is the kill ♪ ♪ You're heart's still wild ♪ ♪ Shooting at the walls of heartache bang, bang ♪ ♪ I am the warrior ♪ ♪ Well, I am the warrior ♪ ♪ And heart to heart you'll win ♪ ♪ If you survive ♪ ♪ The warrior ♪ ♪ You talk, talk, talk to me ♪ ♪ You're eyes touch me physically ♪ ♪ Stay with me, we'll take the night ♪ ♪ As passion takes another bite ♪ ♪ Oh, who's the hunter, who's the game ♪ ♪ I feel the beat call your name ♪ ♪ I hold you close in victory ♪ ♪ I don't wanna tame your animal style ♪ ♪ You won't be caged in the call of the wild ♪ ♪ Shooting at the walls of heartache ♪ ♪ Heart to heart you'll win ♪ ♪ Yes, I am the warrior ♪ ♪ And victory is mine ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @The_Fearful_Fright_series [2 likes]: Bro this is 🔥 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  2. @RS_Bell [1 likes]: Good lord, that hair is off the fkn chain.
  3. @Deb-y3x [1 likes]: No, May '26!
  4. @JorNik-g6r: What a voice,I’m not going to lie but I had forgotten about her,I’m a dumbass.
  5. @Amber-o6f: Had such crush in real life on her
  6. @jimrichens665: What a ridiculous video 😂 
Geeat song.
  7. @fusionaddict: I’ma tell my kids this was Mortal Kombat.
  8. @MarcosCorderoBALDO: ....AND PATTY SMYTH ,HATED THIS VIDEO.....GO FIGURE...
  9. @pyxesghost1426: I was born in 2000, i first discoved by playing GTAVC, then not much later playing GH 80's
  10. @blackhawksfan2525: Patty Smyth is awesome
  11. @residentes_temporales: Niñito ❤
  12. @Deb-y3x: No, it's May and I am the warrior!!☺️👍
  13. @KennyBeney-f5n: Patty. Smythe. Lead.  Singer
  14. @KennyBeney-f5n: Great. 80s. Tune. One. My.  Favs.
  15. @WobblyBobblyBob: Love the lyrics. In the 80s I loved the song but didn't really take note of the lyrics.
  16. @robocop5935: Is this the patty Smith married to the great john mcenroe. Does she sing love just ain't enough, the 1992 song ?.
  17. @cd4playa1245: You can’t convince me this isn’t inspired by Swan and Mercy in the Warriors.
  18. @VividVintageK9Services: That track is pure high-voltage '84 energy! Patty Smyth’s vocals are fierce, and that signature guitar riff is the ultimate soundtrack for feeling completely unstoppable. It’s got that perfect blend of arena rock and high-energy anthem that instantly makes you want to smash the gas pedal or step up to a challenge.
  19. @LambertWolf-z5h: Come with me Alisons playlist brought me here
  20. @tedr.166: When it took real talent and real music to be on the charts

- How to Make EVERY Youtube Short Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en your next YouTube short is going to go viral and here's why in the last year I've made 54 YouTube shorts and six of them have got over 1 million views which means that one in nine of the shorts that I post is going viral and it's not just luck even the shorts that didn't get a million are still getting hundreds and thousands of views and that's because they all follow the exact same blueprint that forces the algorithm to recommend them over and over again so after watching this video your next million view short could be less than nine posts away and if you really follow every single step step that I'm about to tell you it could be your next one now the first thing that you need to get right is something I like to call the 3 second thumbnail and I already know what you're thinking YouTube shorts don't have thumbnails and yep you are technically right but let me explain there are three key elements to a great YouTube thumbnail it's eye-catching it has a clear message and it's intriguing enough to click on and start watching but what's this got to do with shorts when you post a YouTube sh it just gets thrown into the feed with millions of other videos nobody chooses to click on it people just scroll through the selection of videos that YouTube chooses until something catches their eye so the opening 3 seconds of your video needs to convince somebody to stop scrolling and keep watching so this is your 3 second thumbnail your intro needs to include the exact same elements as a great YouTube thumbnail that goes hand inand with your idea and your title you first need to find an irresistible video idea that people want to see more on that later you need to use that idea in the title tying it into some keywords if you can and you need to audibly say the idea in your intro you can do that by posing it as a question or just introducing it as an outrageous concept but there is a right and a wrong way to do this for my viral YouTube short about buying fake YouTube subscribers a bad intro would look something like this I know firsthand that gaining YouTube subscribers takes a really long time so that's why I decided to buy fake YouTube subscribers and see what happens now whilst this example is technically fine it tells the right story and adds the right context it's still way too long it just doesn't capture the main idea quickly enough to grab attention remember you only have 3 seconds if this intro was an actual thumbnail it would be a really overcrowded image which doesn't sell the main message so a much better and more effective intro would be something like this what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscribers and that's what we went for you should always get straight to the point and make viewers feel compelled to carry on watching and you'll always know if your intro is good if over 70% of people choose to watch it instead of swiping away but that's not the whole story if the overall idea behind the intro isn't interesting enough then it still won't work no matter how Punchy it is and finding the very best ideas for your videos isn't always easy but when it comes to my channel we have a method for that all six of my viral shorts are based on long form videos that I'd already made so I'd already done all of the topic research and SEO so in most cases I already knew that these ideas work because they've already got views but even if you don't have a library of long form videos to look back on you can still very easily find good ideas that work you need to research your Niche know your competitors and see which con concepts are working for them then put your own spin on them my fake subscribers idea has been done a million times before in a million different shorts but I put my own spin on it I added some extra value and it worked the truth is most viewers on YouTube Love recognizable Concepts because they know what to expect and by the way you shouldn't just use YouTube as inspiration either posts that go viral on any other platform are also a great place to find ideas because again there's proof that people are interested in them tweets or Instagram posts can be a great source of facts or interesting perspectives that can be turned into shorts videos but sadly finding a great idea and grabbing attention in those first 3 seconds just isn't enough in fact if your overall retention is below 70% I guarantee you'll stop getting views you want every retention graph to look like this and not like this think of every shorts video as a sandwich and the 3second thumbnail is just the bread you now need to fill those slices with something delicious in the form of your storytelling and the very best way to do that is by adding more 3second thumbnails to your video your intro grabs the attention of somebody who's scrolling which opens up something called a curiosity Loop now that you've grabbed their interest at the start that needs to pay off by the end this is now an open loop that needs closing or they won't be satisfied so if you ask a question in your intro that needs to be answered by The End by opening up multiple other Loops throughout the video you tighten your grip on the attention of the audience just when they're thinking of swiping up you need to re-engage them with another loop and convince them to stay and as you can see when you put all of these loops on top of each other it sort of starts to look like a sandwich sort of in this same fake subscribers video I used four more mini hooks throughout the 32 second short and they come in all sorts of different forms one of them is a Twist one of them is a joke to break up the tempo the other two just hint that something bad is about to happen so it gives a reason to carry on watching and the best way to make sure you're putting together the best sandwich possible is to have a recipe you need to write a script for every single video this process helps to condense the information to the Bare Essentials and avoid any repetition or rambling if you already have a long form script from a previous video this can make things a little bit easier because it's normally just a case of condensing that down removing all of the filler and just keeping those essential moments add in those mini thumbnail moments and if you really want to boost your overall retention there's something else you have to try now a lot of people in the comments have told me that they hate this method and granted it is a little bit of a gimmick but the fact of the matter is it works this shorts retention graph is flat which means that most people aren't leaving my video at the end and this makes the algorithm love you and one of the main reasons why it's so flat is because of what happens right at the end of this short I stopped getting recommended as well so that is what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscri notice how this video Never sounds like it's wrapping up and it seamlessly Loops back around to the start of the video and again this is why scripting is such an important step you need to plan for these moments before you film and from here we get to the most important step to send multiple videos into the millions of views you need to repeat this process exactly I followed these exact exact tips for every single one of my viral shorts they're all based on great long form ideas they have quick strong intros they have multiple mini intros throughout and they all loop back around to the start they're all at a very similar duration I use the same background music in every upload I even film in the same place being successful with YouTube shorts is about repeating a blueprint that works but also don't panic if your videos don't get views right away all of my viral shorts took about 3 months before they really blew up so be patient and if you got the formula right the views will come but if your YouTube shorts still aren't getting views even after months and months of uploading I guarantee there's two things that you're getting wrong and I tell you how to fix them right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @FliterKing-Sub [1 likes]: Never got more than 100 Subscribers ❤
  2. @Wannwarstdu: How do you get subscribers from shorts? I get practically none...hope some small creators can give me tips! Everything's appreciated! God bless 😊
  3. @marcusss4-m3e: Really enjoyed this! The energy and creativity in the video are great — definitely something that makes scrolling feel fun and fresh 😊🔥. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @Chillerpati11: Thanks for the video! Please tell us about the paid method of increasing the number of views on YouTube shorts
  5. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my channel is going to grow
  6. @AlloraFashionStore: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..
  7. @AtoZ_453: Idk man ive got 16 shorts not 1 has gone past 50 so idk what your on about
  8. @Ibra-Ker: I hope we will get there one day 😅😂
  9. @GKCharlie1: Thanks for video! Hopefully, I can get some more views and subscribers!
  10. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: I pray we all make it
  11. @bellemaher4059: Nice
  12. @DarkProductions2026: I MEANT ITT. No matter how many videos I watch. i can never ever get my shorts to go viral 😢 I just wish one could get over 10k views that way I don't feel like nothing 😊😊😊😊
  13. @junriesaplad6998vlog: @junriesaplad6998vlog.Good morning idol..
  14. @Whoppss-q6q: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows  more
  15. @techmindknowledge: Thanks 500 subscribe 🎉
  16. @updateswithocydun: Good you 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Purblic: Buy subs is No use, i using ur idea trying ty
  18. @VoixduSuccès-c6k: Merci, peut tu m'aider
  19. @prm4uofficial: Момент про структуру "зацепка → развитие → payoff" в первые 3 секунды — ключевой, но есть нюанс: алгоритм сейчас сильно учитывает не просмотры, а сигналы удовлетворённости (сохранения и репосты), поэтому стоит добавлять в конце ролика элемент, который хочется переслать другу — неожиданный факт или мини-инструкцию. Кстати, заметили ли вы разницу в охватах у шортсов, где люди активно комментируют, vs тех, где больше лайков? 🤔
  20. @ADAMANTGRIND: Im Doing average 1k views on Shorts, but it already feels Like I am a Big YouTuber ,  so i just keep posting and motivating People.

- Get MORE Views with Shorts Reels & TikTok Cooking Videos - My VIRAL Video Formula!: Kind: captions Language: en do you want more views well here's a vertical video formula that I use to stop people from scrolling and watch till the end I'm going to deconstruct one of my Instagram reels that just hit 2 million views shot by shot and sentence by sentence so first you're going to want to open a notepad and number it one through ten typically a short vertical video is 60 seconds and that's roughly about 10 to 12 sentences long those first two to three sentences are going to be your hook watch any viral cooking video from any creator with millions of followers and you will quickly notice that they all start their video with two to three sentences telling you exactly what they're going to make and then describe how it tastes or something that's amazing about the dish that's going to make you want to create it yourself here's the first sentence of the video hey yo these thighs don't lie so the very first shot of the video is of a chicken thigh that does not lie and I hold it up to the lens of the camera and you'll also notice that there's a slight Zoom as well well and it adds just a little bit more motion to the shot to draw the viewer in the first sentence and shot are two seconds long the goal of this shot is to stop the thumb of the person watching from swiping to the next video the very next sentence is marinated in coconut cream with fish sauce these chicken thighs are packed with Umami so this next sentence is four seconds long and the goal of this part here is to really drive that hook in I'm describing the dish a little and I'm giving you an idea of the flavors that you're going to taste when you make it and eat it there are four one second shots that play over this one sentence two of them are of the dish being garnished and I add another slight Zoom as I sprinkle toppings onto the dish these two shots are also quickly telling the viewer what they might taste or experience when they eat the dish fresh cilantro and chilies would be a bright and spicy contrast to what looks like a Savory chicken they might also notice that it's cooked on a single sheet pan which makes me think that it might be quick and easy to make and also what's under that chicken hmm I want to know the next two shots are of me eating the dish and then my reaction to the bite now these eating shots are not necessary if you don't want to show yourself on camera but I do this more of like a branding thing for me I show my face in my videos so that people know that they're my videos faceless videos can be anyone so there isn't really going to be any connection made with you or your brand and the viewer if they saw a bunch of your videos over time and because my face is in my videos they might see me pop up on their feed a bunch and then recognize my face then after a while they decide to follow or subscribe Plus at least if my video was stolen and reposted somewhere else online it's still me my face and my brand that's showing up on the Internet another shot sequence of this hook section of the video could be of the recipe being plated or are you showing a nice close-up of a perfect bite whatever you take away from this just make sure that those first two to four seconds of the video are some sort of food porn style shot of the dish once you hooked the viewer in you need to go immediately right into the recipe no long-winded stories about just dive right into the process of making the dish my very next run-on sentence is in a bowl combine an entire can of Mai cotton organic coconut cream with one inch of minced ginger four cloves of minced garlic half a red chili the zest and juice of two whole limes a half cup of fish sauce half cup of brown sugar some olive oil fresh Cracked Pepper and give it some whiskey business for this part of the video just start putting everything in the bowl or the Pan don't waste any time with shots of you cutting onions or prepping the ingredients have all of that prepped measured and in its own container and just throw it in the bowl you only need to show something being prepped if it's some sort of special technique or something that's unique about the way that you prepped it for this specific dish everyone knows or can figure out how to mince garlic ginger or onions so just keep the video moving this part of the video was a pretty large chunk of time and it was 18 seconds total with 14 shots that played out what helps keep the viewers attention for that long is that I'm constantly providing information because I'm listing out the ingredients to the marinade I also changed up my camera angle for a few of these to switch up the shot so it doesn't feel repetitive long and boring the next two sentences are you could reserve about half a cup or more for sauce later add six to eight thighs to the marinade and then let these hang out in the fridge till you get hungry so nothing too crazy about this part the first sentence was more of like a slight tip on how to save some marinade as a sauce before the chick before you add the chicken and that way you don't have to worry about like chicken juices inside of the sauce but the second sentence shows more of my own personal reality or my brand when I say to marinate it until you're hungry compared to what most recipes would say when they give you like a specific time that no one really follows anyways this section was seven seconds long and it had six quick cutting shots with one camera angle change this is also the halfway point in the video and it's a good time to do or say something that creates some more re-engagement with a viewer that's going to entertain them or make them want to keep watching I said a little funny so my hope is that it perks their ears up and they're like oh what do you say and then they keep wanting to watch the next sentence is you want to cut a cabbage into one inch thick slices and then remove the core if you don't want to eat that this was about five seconds long and four shots total and like I mentioned earlier I'm only showing this because I'm preparing this unique style of cut on this particular vegetable that's specific to this dish compared to just like simply mincing some onions or something right the next two sentences are place them onto a pan and then hit both sides with some olive oil pepper and salt place your chicken on top of the cabbage and then you're going to want to hit that with some salt and pepper as well this ran for 10 seconds total with eight shots in it and when I say that it's eight shots what I mean is that I'm showing maybe the same camera angle but they're like junk Cuts right where the shot is basically jumping to another part of the clip to show them important information or the action of that recipe step I prefer to just show one to two second clips of the major action or step of that recipe compared to taking that whole entire five minute clip of me putting all of the things into the pan and then just speeding it all up to play out in 10 seconds to me it's just more engaging and that sped up footage just screams like super Amateur hour to me but that's just me the next two sentences are throw this into an oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit for 30 to 35 minutes and the skin should be nice and crispy this goes great with my coconut rice recipe so this was another 10 seconds and 5 shots total and this was the tail end of the video and I was kind of running out of time with this you know 60 second time limit of the edit but my goal for this last part was two things one was to give them a payoff I wanted to give the viewer the info needed to actually cook the dish but I also wanted to show it fully cooked and coming out of the oven I didn't show me garnishing it again because I had these in the beginning the next thing I wanted to show was the final plated Dish and also mention a coconut rice recipe I also filmed that recipe the same day and I was already planning on making a video for it but I knew that if I mentioned it in this video I would get people asking for it in the comments and a ton of people did ask and when I posted that video it hit 190k itself same formula two major takeaways from that very last sentence one is that I wanted to say or do something in my script or video that would make people watching leave a comment this would also help boost your reach and Views because it's telling the algorithm people are talking about this video and engaging with it and two a lot of people might have tried to cram that whole rice recipe into this video as well but why when you can get two videos from One shoot day I got a whole other video that's breaking down how you can pull eight plus shorts or tick tocks from one recipe and I'll put that in the description and this is a game changer if you're trying to pump out a ton of content post consistently and you don't want to be filming seven days a week so here's the key takeaways to get more views with this vertical video formula the way the algorithm works is with retention you want people to watch as much of your video as possible ideally more than once make a strong hook in those first two to three sentences and then get right to the recipe do quicker cuts to keep your viewers engaged one to three seconds per clip YouTube shorts reels and tick tocks give you about one minute but you don't need to use it all make those videos as short as possible but long enough to deliver your information without repeating yourself twice another thing to consider is adding captions I've been doing this recently with my content and it has been helping a lot with hooking in the viewer and retention I'll show you how I do this in another video but I encourage you to follow this exact formula for your next 10 vertical videos and I swear to you if you execute it well you will be getting more views than average and possibly have a couple videos go viral leave a comment below and let me know if you tried it and it works catch you in the next one a lot

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kieran-g9r [9 likes]: I’ve been posting food content for about a year! I’ve just hit 47k followers but I feel like this video will help me a lot ☺️ Thank you for this!
  2. @PhilipLemoine [6 likes]: 👨🏽‍🍳📷Cooking Creators Course 👉 www.CookingCreators.com
  3. @Kiwibird13 [1 likes]: Hello Phillip! I'm going to start my YouTube channel where I will bake things. I got this courage just because I watch your soooo many videos on content creation. And I can say that I learned alot. Thank you sooo much ❤️ you videos are really great and that have helped me so much.
  4. @JayKamy [1 likes]: nice  video, I hope to get more views and 1,000 subscribers soon. thanks so much
  5. @M.b-m2f: Hi Philip, brilliant video, can this be done by someone who never made content as I am looking to start alongside my job, your answer would be much appreciated - thanks
  6. @worldseri: There are all super helpful tips.  Thanks for sharing!
  7. @GoodKarmaSlots: Haaaaad to subscribe. I love your video aesthetic
  8. @TheMenuRecipes: Do you think shorter shorts usually do better?
  9. @katiee_stonee: Wheeeere do I get the actual recipes? 🔥
  10. @mindful.pantry: How do you do so many angles and clips? And how do you edit videos?
  11. @AntWrocksNY: Ingre 9:29 i like how you did that ;) 😂😂😂😂
  12. @dericoook: I have been doing content for a long time and I just realized now why a thumbnail is called a thumbnail 🤣
  13. @Jascensionvoid: How are you getting these up close shots of the food at the angles while your hands are on the food? Are  you using some type of smaller tripod? I"m a local food influencer and at restaurants Ive seen influencers on IG and tiktok use both hands to pick up a burger or their hands are in the shot but the camera/iphone looks very close getting those detailed shots. Normal tripods are too big for restaurants tables. How are you getting these close up shots? A specific tripod?
  14. @SworBecca: Loved every second of this.
  15. @RoodyRock-i2l: This was unexpectedly good.
  16. @Culinary_Caleb: Thank you for this! Starting out now so I think this will be very helpful!
  17. @Shahana-y51: Nice 🎉 thanks for 1544subscriber🎉🎉
  18. @Mixwell1983: This is good knowledge but what I find sad and see it all the time is social media has made people expect instant gratification, nobody wants to wait they want it now now now.  It's odd from someone who grew up in the 80s forced to watch commercial breaks, going to DVR etc and coming around full circle now with breaks aka ads.  Sure you can pay for premium but imagine box cable TV in the 90s had that option gow rich they could've become?  

Technology in DVR was to avoid commercials and now media platforms can't stop spamming the fuck out of it and want to nickel and dime you via subscriptions to remove it, essentially creating a problem to sell a solution. It's disgusting
  19. @jayatimehta1270: Precious guide! Thank you’❤
  20. @Wellnesswithbetsy: Thank you....I am old and a newbie and you make it seem to easy and beautiful (although for me it seems so overwhelming). I got some great ideas that I will try to incorporate.

- Tips For Cooking Video Creators | How make cooking video viral | Cooking Malayalam | sabs Talks: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know which channel has the most subscribers in Kerala? Most of the time, it will be a cooking channel. It is because many people are making cooking channels. There is no need to blame anyone. Cooking is the easiest thing to do. Especially for housewives and sisters. Today, in my video, we are only doing one category. It is only for people who make cooking videos. But everyone can see it. So, all the sisters and housewives who watch my video will watch it till the end. We have a few things to say. So, for those who think, there is an example. So, what should we think about? That is the main thing. That is, when we make a cooking channel, what should we do? We need to think about how we should do this. First, we need to think about it and have a pattern. But many people don't do anything like that. You are saying that you are making matchi curry today or dal curry today. Now, try to watch this video completely because I prefer to interact with you and hold a webinar or a Google Meet and talk to each other. I like the method more, but we have a limitation here, so let's go the way you talk to me, but just tell me through the comments, how many of you are doing cooking channels, how many of those who do this cooking channel have a good reach, let me tell you how many years you have started, so when you look at these three things, you will understand a few things, that is, you post videos regularly, people do not watch them, even if they do, we do not have that big of a view, I will tell you the main reason, I will tell you the main reason, I have a few things to say, so the video will be a little long, but you will think that you will watch it, that is, when you watch a cooking channel normally, whether it is from my house or from the ladies in my friend circle that I know, they say, what is this, it is not so important now, isn't it what I am making from my house, or she said, do you want to watch it? I think you also sometimes say that, that is, there is nothing new because they make lentil curry, dal curry or bake some dosa, these are the most common and are made in our Kerala. The dishes are nothing new, no one can say anything about them. This is the main reason. Then if you say that what you need to do is that people who make cooking videos will have a good reach by making these cooking videos. That is, there will be people who have 10,000 or 20,000 or 30,000 views on their videos last month or even last week. So what you need to do is make a list of such people. I told this to a friend yesterday. What you need to do is make a list of 10 people. Put them in this list of 10 people and make one or two or three videos. That way you will get 10 or 20 videos. What you need to look at in these videos is first what you like the most in these videos. Then look at how they used the camera. Then what you need to look at is what you liked about the overall presentation. It will take time to analyze these things. Take your time. It's okay. If you are looking for your success, success will not always be that easy, so take some time and then analyze what you like. Write down on a piece of paper what their points are that you like. After writing this down, all you have to do is create a video. When you create a video, just do it in your own way, no problem. You can do the same product as they did. Now, if it's chicken curry, you can do the same thing as they do. So, you have to do this thing. As I said, if you want to be successful, didn't I say that if you want to be successful, there is some difficulty. I started this channel after three years. So, write it down correctly and see what you see as the specialty in it. Write it down correctly. Now, another thing to understand is that one of the main issues in channels like cooking channels is video quality, then presentation, then what you make or what is your recipe. Accordingly, our videos often reach people based on these things. But sometimes the video quality is not suitable for everyone because if people are doing it from home, it is not suitable. improve the presentation. Then, what is the good product that we make? Now, in the case of video quality, you are telling me. What you need to do when you are shooting a cooking video is to first look at the frame of the frame. Frame means, don't we have these directors holding it like this? So there is a frame like this. You have to come inside that frame. That is, if you are showing yourself exactly, then you have to come inside that frame. Now, don't you see that if there is a screen like this, we need some space above our head, some space on the side, some space like this. Not only that, first you show what you are going to do, then after you say that, you go to other events, that is, show what it is. If it is cutting, show us how to cut. When you show what this cut is doing, what you need to do is now, for example, imagine that we are frying fish. While frying fish, if we put the camera like this on the frying fish, we will have a 10. I don't know. Correctly, I will not fry any fish. So, imagine that it will take 10 minutes. So, when we take 10 minutes, when we put it like this, instead of holding it like this for 10 minutes, I will tell you a tip that you should do. You can do this video of frying fish on different sides. Take it from you. Many people know this. Now, those who post on Instagram know this. So what can you do in different ways? Take it in different ways, tilt it, turn it, mix these clips like this. So what do you mean? The people who watch it don't get bored. It's beautiful to watch when it's continuous and changing. So, you can take it like this. You can take it like this. Take the visuals like this. You can take it in different angles and mix it all. Call it beer rolls. Then add these B rolls and do it. Only then will you enjoy watching the video. What I'm going to tell you now is that it's very important for you to pay attention to. How do you present this? Now, I'll give you an example. I think that there are four people who I like the most in terms of cooking. Of these four, one is my mother, my mother's mother, one is my father's mother, and I can call them both. Then my mother, and then my wife's mother. All four of them are great at cooking. Not only is it amazing, my uncle's mother is a very special person who makes many things. When I say "mother's mother", she makes fish curry. Do you know what is special about this sardine curry? When I make this sardine curry, I cut the sardine and put some other ingredients in it, mustard, and other spices. There is a special style of mothers who make it in that style. When we make this liquor curry, we do it at home. When we make ordinary fish curry, my sisters and I do not eat anything without frying it. So when we reach our mother's house, what will we do? We eat it only with this plain curry. So mother says, "What do you think is special about this dish after we reach here? It is a way of making it. So we cut it like this. We put it in different ingredients. We do it like this." Now when I told this story, you must have seen this sardine curry in a different form in your mind. How many people have seen it like that? So this is where the difference comes in. What I made here is the sardine curry, but that I made the mathikari in a different form, that is, do you know what is different about the mathikari I made here? I have told you how I make this mathikari, that is, my mother cuts it like this, that is, she cuts the onion like this, but everyone cuts the onion and the mathikari. There is nothing special about it. But when this story comes here, when we say that it is a story of mothers, people will be interested in it in a special way. You understand. Therefore, if you say that this video is for 100 people, even if 100 of you make mathikari, the experiences and stories of these 100 people will be different. Therefore, everyone will have watched the video of these 100 people because people love to listen to the story and this too. Instead, you put some music and you cut a lot and people will get bored because they will quickly judge. That is, why do I need to waste so much time in that form? But if you also tell your mother's story like this or the story that your mother used to make in the past, that is I have a story, I really like it, so I want to make that story, so in that form, mix your story and your passion for it, and put it in your good mood, and people will be 100% sure that for your channel to be successful, it will be successful within a maximum of a month or two months. I can 100% guarantee you that it will be successful within that time. But I can tell you that you have to do it in the form I am talking about. It is not that easy to do it. You have to plan a lot. You have to think a lot. You have to write a story for it and read it and tell it. But even though it may seem a little difficult at first, then you will get to that track. If you reach that track today, you will definitely be successful. Success is not the success you think it is. Did you think that you would get 10,000, 15,000, 20,000, or one to two lakh views? Because there are people who like to see all this. Everyone likes it, why don't people watch it? As I said before, there is no story or interest in it. To put it simply, it is not interesting to watch. That is the main problem. So, when you mix all that together, you have something else in this. So, when you see my expressions while I am talking to you about this video, you will know how much I am talking about interacting with you how much I like talking to you. I think you understand because I am presenting this video with so much love. In the same way, if you love your video and the event you are doing with so much heart and do it with great joy, do you think that it will not be successful? It will be successful even though you are sure that you are missing some of these things. Think about it. Is this missing in the video you have made for so long? I have talked for so long. I have already said that I am someone who likes to interact with you directly, rather than making a YouTube video with you, that is why I am talking like this. Now, another thing you should pay attention to is YouTube. Some things from the technical side, like thumbnails, do it well. You don't need anything to do that thumbnail. Take a good photo of what you're making. Take a really good photo and put it somewhere on the side and say, "This is my thing or this is something my person made." If we put a thumbnail related to that story, it will definitely get more clicks. Then when I said earlier, I named four people, not four, but four. These four people make cool things by putting three or four items. So if I just talk about the products these people make, I'll have ten or fifteen videos. Each video will be connected like this. Because we've said before, who makes this? So this is one of the advantages of stories. That's why telling stories has a huge impact. It's not like you think. Even in my videos, many people told me that they like me because I tell stories like this. Even though it's a YouTube tip channel, what I'm saying is related to this. So that's it. The point of this is that all humans are basically people who love stories so much, you and I, the kids, and everyone is a story lover. So put all these things aside and make video and upload it next time. Forget about the fact that you haven't gotten any views or no views yet. Then go as I said. So be careful when you pick up the camera, be careful when you talk. Plan all this and upload a great video next time. Everyone who makes cooking videos on your channel, the next video should be a great video like this. Make that video and send it to me. I'll give you my WhatsApp number. Let's see how it goes. So, are you all ready to do it? Okay? So, as I said earlier, this video is in a form of direct interaction with you, not like making a YouTube video. So, everyone, do it. There is a thumbnail class. I won't force you to participate in the class. If anyone wants to participate, you can do it. Or, as I said earlier, you just need to take a photo and post it. That's enough. Now, if you want to learn a little more, you can join me. Just contact me on the number and we'll see it as another video. I think I'll do a travel video and other videos as a separate topic because if I give everyone tips like this, they'll do well in their sector. Let's take a look at that form and then we'll see it as another video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @banusfoodie [2 likes]: നിങ്ങളെ വീഡിയോസ് ഞാൻ ഈ പാട്ട് കാണുന്ന ഞാൻ ഇതിനെ കൊണ്ട് എന്തെങ്കിലും ഒരു ഐഡിയ കിട്ടും എന്ന് നോക്കാൻ വേണ്ടിയിട്ടാണ് ഇപ്പോൾ യൂട്യൂബ് കണ്ടത് വളരെ യൂസ്ഫുൾ ആയിട്ടുള്ള വീഡിയോ ആണ് സത്യം പറഞ്ഞാല് ഞാനും ഇപ്പം ചാനല് തുടങ്ങിയിട്ട് ഏകദേശം നാല് വർഷം കല്യാണം ഒരു കൊല്ലം മുമ്പാണ് ഞാൻ ചാനൽ സ്റ്റാർട്ട് ചെയ്തത് അങ്ങനെ പറഞ്ഞത് പിന്നെ കുറച്ചു പിന്നെ ഒരു 50 40 അങ്ങനെ വ്യൂസ് ഉണ്ടായാൽ സ്റ്റാറ്റസ് കാണുന്നില്ല അങ്ങോട്ടൊന്നും മുറുകെ പിടിക്കണം inshallah njamele kond nadakkum 👍
  2. @RevathysRootsAndRoutes [1 likes]: njan 1 month aai ..thank you sir ..njn correct time la njn e video kaanane ...
  3. @D4RKGAMER1234 [1 likes]: Parayunnath ellam sathymanu bro  beginning you tuberanu  cooling channel 🎉
  4. @wealth-x4l [1 likes]: Cooking channel thatteem mutteem nadakkan vayya😊😅
  5. @radhak2275 [1 likes]: സംസാരിക്കാൻ ധൈര്യം ഇല്ലാത്ത ഞാൻ😢
  6. @alicekitchenspecial8410: നല്ല വീഡിയോ ഒരുപാട് ഉപകാരം ആയി 🥰🥰
  7. @shahidaskitchenette8279: ഞാൻ 7 വർഷം ആയി കുക്കിംഗ്‌ വീഡിയോ തുടങ്ങീട്ട്  ഒരു റീച്ചും ഇല്ല എന്നാലും ചെയ്യുന്നു
  8. @PeroorkariVlog: Hai Sir ശരിക്കും സാറിൻ്റെ Msg വളരെ useful ആണ് ഞാനും എൻ്റെ Vedio യിൽ ഉൾപ്പെടുത്താം Thank you sir
  9. @Aji_rathi: 👍interesting video 💖
  10. @pratheekjp: Channel peru malayalam ayaal Kuzhappam undo...in case viewers vere venam ennu undengil? Written english aanu for example channel peru "ende bakshanam" angane vechal Kuzhappam undoo..athoo peru english thanne venoo? Karanam ellarum english ilu aaanu vekkaru athu kondaanu chodhichathu!!.. please reply
  11. @welditbyprasanth: കുക്കിങ് ചാനലുകാർ ഒന്ന് കണ്ട് നോക്ക്❤
  12. @vishnu.v7572: Bro Njagalk thudagiyal kollam annund😊
  13. @tulipskitchen: 👍
  14. @shibilanas: nice. very usefull ❤❤
  15. @shirassp: 🎉🎉🎉
  16. @MeerzaDiary: Super sharing 👍 13:07
  17. @Nazifoodies: New subscriber❤thankue 🎉🎉🎉
  18. @Deepa-c5g4r: താങ്ക്സ് ❤️
  19. @Chinnu-010: ❤❤nice new frnd❤
  20. @ponnu_2020: Good information ❤
New sub🎉

- The Dark Life After 15 Minutes of Fame: Kind: captions Language: en Whether they wanted to be famous or it happened by accident, these viral stars went from regular people to having millions of followers overnight. However, the quicker the rise, the sharper the fall. And today we are going to discuss how these people used their 15 minutes of fame and how nearly all of them ended in disaster. Starting with the backpack kid, who is a perfect example of making all of the wrong decisions during a brief stint in popularity. Before Tik Tok became the go-to app to share mediocre dance moves to a global audience, 16-year-old Russell Horning was bored, uploading dance videos to Instagram with zero expectations. Initially, his signature dance style was funny. His core was stiff. His lanky arms just kind of flailed around while he stared emotionless into the camera. Additionally, he often wore goofy outfits and chose to dance to silly songs. [Music] Russell was extremely recognizable after watching just one video, which led to him gaining a small following on IG. But his entire life changed when Rihanna posted one of his videos to her 54 million followers. She tagged Russell in a post celebrating her Grammy nominations, and he gained over 40,000 followers in one day. To capitalize on the momentum, Russell pumped out as many dance videos as he could, skyrocketing him up to over 500,000 followers. There was one particular dance called the floss that seemed to get him the most views, with many people falsely crediting him as the inventor of the move. However, his videos were not getting shared because he was an excellent dancer, but rather because he was a meme. Whenever he did collaborate with other dancers, he was often seen as the weakest one. Despite this, opportunities were being thrown his way because of his follower count. Like when Katy Perry personally requested that he dance for her Saturday Night Live performance in May of 2017. Russell absolutely stole the show, flossing aggressively while staring dead pan into the souls of millions of live viewers. He also strategically chose to wear a backpack, rebranding himself as the backpack kid. The SNL appearance gained him millions of followers, and the floss became a global dance craze. The Backpack Kid was an internet sensation, but he made a few key mistakes that ultimately led to his downfall. Firstly, Russell took every interview and press opportunity he could get. Viral stars will get thousands of dollars thrown at them just to do collaborations with media outlets, podcasters, or live entertainment companies. So, what you just getting paid to go show up at parties and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that? Yeah, clubs and parties and festivals and performances and stuff. So, you just pop out on stage, you do the dance, everybody goes crazy. Yeah, that's pretty much how it goes. Yeah, that's tight. How much uh can you get to go to a club if you don't mind letting us know? Um, manager shakes his head no. Manager shakes his head no. Is it is it an amount that you're pretty impressed by? Like, are you are you surprised that you're able to get that much money just to go somewhere? Compared to most 17year-olds, the money that I make from just one appearance, it could take a 17-year-old forever to make that much money. It's hard to blame someone for making easy money. Then again, the overexposure bothers people because they perceive Russell as a one-trick pony who doesn't deserve thousands of dollars or recognition from these big platforms. Remember before the internet when you actually had to do something to get famous, but then reasonable criticism turned into straightup hatred. He looks like one of those inflatable aliens you win at an amusement park. This kid manchild thing scares me. Since he became famous for literally one thing, he had to branch out and try to find other ways to entertain his audience. So, he decided to pursue music, releasing one of the worst songs of all time, Flossen. Although Russell claimed that he was passionate about music, his songs felt like someone who was barely trying or maybe even just joking rather than a serious artistic endeavor. Virality made Russell feel pressured to just keep doing what is paying the bills. So, he resorted back to his one dance move, which ultimately led to a situation where he tried to perform on a stage that he was not wanted on. [Applause] Whether it be main character syndrome or just a simple misunderstanding, his dance move lost all of its appeal. and doing it made him seem like he was desperately hanging on to his viral moment, which was made 10 times worse when he filed a lawsuit against Fortnite for putting the dance in their game. It was really my mom and my management that did the lawsuit. I'm kind of just a kid having fun in life. I'm just letting the adults do all the busy work. I don't really know the law like that, so I can't really say if they're like taking advantage of me or anything like that, but like from a mom standpoint, like a manager standpoint, they think that they're taking advantage of me. A couple days after the lawsuit was filed, videos dating as far back as 2011 were resurfaced showing people who were doing the dance long before the backpack kid. Simply put, he did not own the dance, and many viewed it as one final attempt to cash in on his fading relevance. Unsurprisingly, Russell and his team voluntarily dismissed their lawsuit shortly after. The Backpack Kids 15 minutes of fame were officially over. And despite being hated by the masses and falling off to the point where he receives less than 1,000 views per video, these days, Russell actually seems happier than when he was at his peak. He is pursuing music more seriously and remains dedicated to pushing out a positive message to the world. But as I got older, I started having a more mature mindset on money. I realized that it's important to choose good decisions on how to spend your money. I was just invited to do an anti- vaping commercial for the American Lung Association. And of course, my first thoughts were, "Oh, yeah." Cuz I don't vape. I don't smoke. I definitely don't encourage it. Then again, he openly accepted the opportunity to be on Kaisenat's stream where he was absolutely embarrassed by Duski. Get the out of your stupid ass. Sure, this was just a skit, but Russell was the butt of the joke. Once again, becoming a viral star at age 16 is definitely difficult to manage. Maybe he was just young and misguided. However, the same justification cannot be made for Salt Bay, who is a grown man that should have known better than to be acting like a fool. In 2017, a video of Turkish chef Nuser Goceier went viral of him dramatically slicing steak. then sprinkling salt from his fingertips down his forearm and onto the meat. What made this so ridiculous was his dedication to making salt sprinkling look like some sort of fancy artistic technique. Combine that with his handsome Johnny Depp resemblance and the internet gave him the nickname salt bay. Salt Bay didn't just embrace the meme, he became it. He continued posting obnoxious videos of him caressing raw meat, dancing with raw meat, and of course his signature salting. He was shouted out by celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio, Drake, and even cooked for the king of Jordan. The internet fame didn't just gain him followers. It launched his career as a global restaurant owner. He launched and expanded his Nusret steakhouse empire to over 20 locations worldwide, racking up tens of millions of dollars in revenue. However, with more exposure comes more criticism. Many began to wonder if he was actually this mystical, passionate culinary artist or just another guy trying to cash in on some fame. One major critique was the outrageous prices at his restaurants that had patrons feeling more scammed than served. Take the Salt Bay Golden Experience, for example, where Salt Bay will personally serve you your food with a show. A single Tomahawk steak cost nearly $1,000 and a burger will set you back almost $200. Now, the prices are so high because the food is covered in edible gold, which sounds fancy until you find out that the gold is worth a measly $10. Then again, rich people blowing insane amounts of money on dumb things isn't exactly shocking. If anything, it fits his brand perfectly. This is the guy who made something as simple as sprinkling salt look like Michelangelo chiseling the final details onto David. However, the real reason people turned on Salt Bay was much more embarrassing than a $200 burger. At the 2022 World Cup, after Argentina defeated France, Salt Bay somehow ended up on the pitch celebrating the victory with the team. How did he even get there? Cameras caught him pulling on Messi's arm, practically forcing him into a handshake. Messi, the greatest football player of all time, clearly was just wanting to move forward, but Salt Bay would not let go. Messi finally gave in and shook his hand just to get it over with, but Salt Bay held on tight and pulled him into a photo. You can see it all over Messi's face that he had no idea who this guy was or why he was even there. It was clear Salt Bay was trying to steal this big moment for himself. But it gets worse. He grabbed the World Cup trophy like he won the damn thing and even did his signature salt sprinkling move over it. As if that wasn't cringy enough, he was posing for pictures with players with their medal in his mouth. These players dreamed and worked their whole lives for this once-in-a-lifetime moment, only for some clout chaser to steal some publicity to promote his overpriced stakes. He responded to the backlash with an apology, claiming he didn't step on the pitch for advertising reasons, but the damage was already done, and Saltbay's 15 minutes of fame were over. Salt Bay has shut down multiple restaurants after the hype has died down. Many of his remaining locations are drowning in poor reviews and his London restaurant is down €4.3 million as customers have realized his food is way overpriced. Salt Bay has resorted to selling his high-end food online now. In May of last year, people started to notice that his steakhouse was listed on Deliveroo and Uber Eats, selling his Salt Bay Tomahawk for $500 and a strip loin for almost $900, proving he really hasn't learned from his critics. Then again, there are plenty of rich people out there willing to waste money on overpriced food just because they can. And his virality and social media following alone will easily keep him in business for the rest of his life. But if you think Salt Bay was making a fool of himself, it doesn't even remotely compare to the Island Boys, whose fall-off is much more disgusting than you could ever imagine. The Island Boys are a duo made up of twin brothers Alex Fly Soldier and Frankie Kodiak Red. two aspiring Florida men covered in face tattoos who blew up overnight in 2021 after they posted a Tik Tok video of them freestyling in a hot tub. Oh, I'm a island boy. Hey, I'm just boy. I'm just boy. People couldn't decide if the tune was the worst thing they'd ever heard or lowkey kind of a banger. I'm a island boy. What is happening? I don't know and ain't trying to understand it. Plus, hip hop has a history for blowing up artists who ride the paper thin line between trash and fire. Rapper Kodak Black even offered them a record deal after their viral video, which is insane because this wasn't even a real song yet, just two goofballs mumbling in a hot tub. They turned down the deal, claiming that they wanted to stay independent, but this was a huge mistake. They believe they could make it on their own talent, but if we're being honest, most of their fame came from people clowning them. I played this song at my sister's funeral. She got out of the casket to shut it off. Thank you, island boys. This is the 0.01% of germs that Bleach can't kill. When they decided to finally cut the record over a beat and released it with a music video, it was somehow worse. This the type of hidden talent that should absolutely remain hidden. Like many other viral stars, they were paid to do appearances at clubs, which became a prime example of when social media meets reality. At Miami's Club Live, the audience began booing the Island Boys on stage. Once music fans realized the Island Boys had no capability of making a somewhat decent song, there was really no reason to pay attention to them and their 15 minutes of fame was about to be up. The boys needed a new way to profit from their fame. So, they began selling personalized videos to fans on Cameo, which apparently was very lucrative. According to their previous manager, they owe me about like $150,000 from what? Your percentage of the Cameo money? Yeah. Is that the only money they're bringing in? Um, mostly, maybe a little bit on TikTok, but I mean, it's pretty much run dry at this point, right? How many cameos are they doing? When I when I was with them, it they was coming in hot. They were viral. It was going like 2 three hours a night straight cameos. But with them spending all of their money on designer clothes, jewelry, cars, and mansions, they needed to keep going viral to maintain this lifestyle, which almost always resulted in them making absolute fools of themselves on the internet. Yeah, she likes the way you looks. She thinks she looks good. Uhhuh. They also might have needed some money to hire security because the gangster persona was not convincing enough. I'm a real gangster. In what could only be called an unhinged move and in hindsight the final nail in their career's coffin, the Island Boys launched a fansley, which is basically just an OAF. And it wasn't just embarrassing, it was downright sickening. In 2023, the Island Boys posted a video of them kissing each other in a publicity stunt to market their NSFW content, instantly going viral for the second time. The video got them a huge amount of backlash, with many calling it outright incest, which it is. The twins insisted it wasn't sexual and was only meant to get a reaction, claiming that they just wanted to see how effed up this world is. And it turns out they were right about this world because after their kissing stunt, it was reported that the Island Boys made almost $400,000 in 3 months just on their NSFW content, temporarily funding their lavish lifestyle. But of course, this resulted in more public humiliation. What's going on with the that's with with you two kissing each other and bro? Shut your ass up and break this. Hey yo, that ass that ass. I would love to see you try that, bro. What are you talking? I would love to see you try that. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro? Oh my god. The desperate attempts to remain in the spotlight combined with a severe lack of talent and expensive lifestyle has led to incredibly lows for the Island Boys. Kodiak Red was arrested for drug possession and an illegal firearm during a traffic stop. During the stop, a plastic bag containing white pills was found on the passenger side floorboard in plain view. The pills were identified as oxycodone. A further search of the vehicle uncovered a brown handbag containing a handgun with its serial numbers removed along with a cut straw with a white powdery substance. These days, they pretty much spend all of their time promoting their NSFW content. And trust me when I say they went much further than just kissing each other. And if we're being honest, this will likely remain a consistent income stream for them, as there are definitely still a ton of people out there that are willing to pay to see this type of degeneracy. But unlike the Island Boys, sometimes we actually find ourselves rooting for a viral star. We hope that they become successful after their 15 minutes are up. Like the case of Mason Ramsay, who became a breakout star when a video went viral of him yodelling in the middle of Walmart in Harrisburg, Illinois. Lord, I don't know what to do. All I do is hold that last. The clip racked up tens of millions of views in just a few days, turning the 11-year-old Mason into a worldwide meme. Not only is Yodelling kind of objectively hilarious, but a child singing a song that was 70 years old was oddly charming. Because of his viral performance, the original song, Hank Williams' Lovesick Blues, skyrocketed all the way to the third spot on Spotify's viral 50 chart. Within weeks, Ramsay was sitting across from Ellen DeGeneres, who got him invited to perform at the legendary Grand Old Opry. From there, he was embraced by thousands of fans while performing at Coachella. Major record labels noticed his potential and eventually Mason would secure a deal with Atlantic Records and Big Loud. The minute Mason and his family walked into Big Loud, I knew we had to work with him. He is a star, but most importantly, he is a downto-earth kid who loves country music. The Ramsies are an amazing family from a small southern Illinois town just like me. We understood them and their goals and simply fell in love with their story and vision, proving that he wasn't just a meme. His debut single, Famous, secured the number four spot on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and peaked at number 62 on the Hot 100. But viral memes naturally have an expiration date, and soon Mason Ramsay's 15 minutes of fame were over. When the pandemic hit, it forced Mason to take a step back. However, he used his time away from the spotlight as best as someone could in his position. While his voice was maturing, he focused on refining his talent, writing music, and finding his own sound beyond the yodelling kid in Walmart that made him famous. Mason released three EPs that gained over 500 million streams combined and secured hundreds of millions of views on his music videos. By 2024, at 17 years old, he decided it was time to take the next step in his career and release a fulllength album titled I'll See You in My Dreams. A song featured on the project called Blue All Over caught a lot of attention through Tik Tok for its classic old country appeal and I can confirm it is a beautiful song. Now in 2025, Mason Ramsay recently announced his first major headlining tour that has 15 stops. Mason's rise to fame started almost exactly the same as everyone else in this video. But instead of trying to chase more fleeting viral moments or make some quick cash, he honed in on his craft, worked hard, and simply gave the people exactly what they wanted. genuine talent and entertainment. This was one of the few times social media made the right person famous, the only viral kid that didn't switch up after the fame. So, while Mason worked hard and focused on genuine entertainment, Bobby Alto seems to ignore both of those things. As many people are genuinely confused how someone who has done so little has achieved so much success. Bobby Alto started as a mommy Tik Tocker after the pandemic, posting about her pregnancy, marriage, and family dynamics. After posting thousands of videos over a couple of years, she had built up a respectable 3 million followers. However, Tik Tok wasn't paying the bills and her marriage wasn't doing too well. So, the wholesome family content was about to come to a screeching halt. She said, "I saw this video of a girl talking about how much she made from her podcast. And I think I mentally decided that she made at least $300,000 a year on her podcast alone, and I was like, that's what I need to do next. I need a podcast." Her large following helped her land her first celebrity guest, Rick Glassman, who is a comedian and actor. And in the first podcast, fans got to see Bobby in a totally new light. She was seemingly a socially awkward valley girl giving off the vibe that she didn't even want to host her own podcast. The way your eyes are looking, it seems like you're not listening. I'm listening. Do you care? No, I do care. It's just really bad when you sing. I'm not a singer. I'm just trying to Yeah. get the story across to you. Thank you. I I hear it. I got it. In her second podcast, she hosted comedian Funny Marco, who had great comedic chemistry with Bobby. Funny Marco's comedy style often makes others feel uncomfortable and awkward. So, the two were essentially battling it out in an interesting back and forth. So, like, who are you? Like, where' you Who am I? Yeah. Is that a serious question? I have more followers than you on TikTok. Marco's humor combined with Bobby's dryness and innocent personality makes this so hilarious. Highly entertaining. The episode quickly earned nearly a million views and clips of it made the rounds on social media. The mini virality caught the attention of Drake who followed Bobby on Instagram. I DM' Drake and asked if he wanted to be on my podcast and he said yes. He sent me his touring schedule and I knew that I needed to make it happen fast. So, my friend and I flew to Memphis 2 days after the original DM was sent to record the episode. Her podcast with Drake earned 1 million views in the first 24 hours and introduced her to a massive mainstream audience. Drake rarely does interviews, so this one alongside some random girl while laying in his bed made people extremely curious. Am I your type? Um, I'd do it. Thank you. I'm just saying like, you know, I flew all the way here. You did? I really do appreciate on my daughter's first birthday. I wasn't going to bring that up. Mhm. You missed your daughter's first birthday for to be here. Dark regret that you'll never be able to undo. Yeah. Horrible parenting. Where's your son? Somewhere safe. And it's not his birthday. When's his birthday? What does it matter? It ain't today. Honey, don't call me honey. Clips of their awkward interactions flooded Tik Tok. And overnight, Bobby Alto became a household name on social media. After the Drake episode, securing high-profile guests became easy. She had on Lil Yachty, Taiga, and even Mark Cuban. Her style of bored, sarcastic humor became her signature, and people seemed to love it. But just 3 weeks after the Drake interview was posted, which now had over 10 million views, it was mysteriously deleted from her page, and he unfollowed her on Instagram, sparking a ton of speculation. While fans were trying to figure out what happened, people were reminded that Bobby skipped her daughter's first birthday to interview Drake, which didn't seem to sit right with people, especially because Bobby used to be a mom focused Tik Tocker. When Drake calls you a horrible parent, you know you effed up. Rumors also spread that Bobby slept with Drake and divorced her husband just to do the interview, which she vehemently denied. But it is true that she divorced her husband, but the reason her and Drake's relationship soured was never revealed. So many people came to the conclusion that she was nothing more than an industry plant. Basically meaning that she didn't organically earn her virality, but rather she was handpicked by people behind the scenes and artificially pushed into the spotlight using Drake's fame as the catalyst. The main piece of evidence for this theory was that she signed to the WME talent agency, one of the biggest talent agencies in the United States, representing a ton of Hollywood figures, including Drake. Well, you got a great agent and you got a great agency and you got great guests. Regardless if the rumors were true or not, it gave even more of a reason to dislike Bobby. And her comedic style got old very quickly. Listening to her uninterested voice is like nails on a chalkboard. And while most of her interviews, she is the one driving the conversation. There were frequent moments where celebrities got tired of her shtick mid conversation and turn the tables on her. Damn, I'm trying to get you to play. You lost in the sauce. You ain't shaking my hand. We f to get you to to 25 million. You know what I'm saying? Just a little sprinkle. Have a great day off that. Just a little seasoning. All right, you can you can leave now. This is my hotel. I paid for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You can leave now. All of her podcasts feel like small talk while waiting for something to actually happen. It's just simply boring. Ironically, her revealing that she was just playing a character actually became worse for her because the little mystique she did have was now completely gone. In an interview on the Women on Top podcast, she explained why she embodies a satirical alter ego on social media, saying, "Being myself doesn't get views. I had to go where the money was." And her playing the character of someone who is bored and uninterested is just not a sustainable style for long-term success. Awkward and cringe humor can work, but in short clips, not hour-long podcasts. In response to the backlash, she tried to just be more herself, not trying to be so awkward and even remove the dead air moments from the pod. But all that did was reveal that she is just a subpar podcast host who is only doing it for the money. Although her 15 minutes of fame are over, she will likely remain a lingering socialite as long as she is signed to a talent agency that can get her celebrity guests. And on Tik Tok is where you will still see her fan base praise her for putting in the least amount of effort possible. This story feels all too similar to the Hawkua girl with the main difference being that Bobby didn't outright scam the few people that actually supported her. Walking around drunk in Nashville at 2 a.m. Haley Welsh and her friend Chelsea approached a couple of guys and asked them what they were filming. YouTubers Tim and D told them that they do on the street interviews where they typically ask about relationships, male and female gender roles, as well as provocative and sometimes runchy topics. Chelsea asked D to make it a spicy one, implying that he should ask a question that might be a little edgy. Come on, you got to get a spicy one. You want a spicy one? Yeah. So, he did just that. Only Megan's friend Haley would jump in and give an answer that would drastically change her life. You know how to answer this. You got it. What's one move in bed that makes a man go crazy every time? You got to give him that hawk to spit on that night. You get me? After having a silly interview, Chelsea and Haley confirmed that they wanted their video to be posted to social media. You like I was earlier. That's it. Yeah. Okay. Jim and DTV. All right. You said we better. You said we better post that. Yes. Okay. Post it through. All right. She said we better post it. So don't come back trying to tell me, "Hey, take it down. I'm I'mma sue you." This, that, the third. Tim and D posted the video to their Instagram account, which had tens of thousands of followers. And the clip immediately went viral, securing 1 million views on the first day and over 5 million views on the second day. The post spread like wildfire, being shared across countless meme pages and pop culture news reporters. The comments read, "She's a national treasure. Keep this woman safe. I'm moving down south. I'm tired of these northeast women. If she don't hawk tua, I don't want to talk to her." On the surface, Haley appeared to be the stereotypical southern bell. Sweet and charming, complimented by a thick accent. So, her describing her runchy bedroom tactics was a stark contrast. Within days, merch was being sold to capitalize on the viral traffic. But it wasn't until her first interview that we would find out more about the girl behind Hawk Tua. What do you do now? Because now you have management, now you have a team. What are your plans moving forward? Like, do you want to still be the Hucka girl or do you want to like I don't really want that to be like my image. Yeah. Like h to girl. I just I don't see that being like my thing. Yeah. I don't want to be known as that. You made a drunk joke and the next day you have whole management behind you. This world is crazy. Haley took the typical path of a viral star. She hired management and they immediately got her as much press as possible, jumping on various podcasts to talk about her rise to fame. She got paid to show up at events and hung out backstage with celebrities. She was being amplified to unimaginable levels with Rolling Stone calling her a charming Gen Z Doll Dolly Parton who's rightfully becoming America's sweetheart. Keep in mind that Dolly Parton is a generational talent who sold 100 million records in her career. Rolling Stone of all publications making that comparison just shows how they will say anything for clicks. And while many people thought that Haley would start an OAF to cash in, she decided she wanted to use her fame for good. Everybody in the comments is saying how I have 15 minutes of fame. And if that's the case, then I'm going to spend it doing something good. Today, we're taking all of this down to the local animal shelter and donate. People were convinced they made the right person famous, but most viral stars struggled to earn a consistent income from their newfound fame. So, in order to secure a sustainable revenue source, she launched the Talk to a podcast. And immediately the jokes came flooding in. Talk to like an emphasis on it like Once the whole I'm just a normal girl whose life changed overnight story ran its course. She tried to keep viewers engaged by dropping hints that she had a secret lover that she called Pooky, but it just wasn't interesting enough to get people to watch. Can we go back to what you said you're dating somebody? Do people know this? Uh, well, I wouldn't say dating just yet. Is this pooky? It's pooky. Shut the heck up. That's my man. No, it is. That is my man officially. What if Matt Refe came in and asked you to date him? Would he be your ex-Man? Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're putting me on the spot here. I'm sorry. I love you, Matt, but I'm about to kick your ass to the curb. Her comment section was flooded with people sarcastically saying that the podcast was groundbreaking and changed their life. I'm convinced that the only reason why this podcast had decent viewership is because of the massive amount of jokes dedicated to making fun of watching the Talk to a Podcast. But perhaps people were being a bit harsh on Haley. Sure, she may have been milking her 15 minutes of fame, but can you blame her? If people wanted to watch hours of her podcast and get to know her, then so be it. It's not like she was harming anyone, right? Wrong. Because Haley would make a decision that would officially destroy her career. On December 4th, 2024, in collaboration with the web 3 platform, Over here limited, Haley launched her own memecoin called Hawk. The coin was marketed as a revolutionary cryptocurrency project. Within 15 minutes of its launch, it hit a $490 million market cap, but then it crashed. It was revealed that 97% of the total supply was initially controlled by just 10 people, leaving only 3% for public buyers. A total of 285 investors took part in the pre-sale, but once trading opened, 30% of them immediately dumped their entire holdings, while another 23% offloaded a portion. This sell-off tanked the token's value by over 90% while the sellers walked away with an estimated $3 million. After this, Haley posted a statement on Twitter insisting that the team never sold the tokens. Many accused her of rug pulling, which is basically a coordinated sell-off from a small group of investors to make profits while the public loses their entire investment. In short, this was not a revolutionary cryptocurrency project. This was a way to make a quick buck off of her uneducated fans. YouTuber Coffeezilla investigated and exposed the coin as a scam. Who makes the money on the fees? Someone just made over a million dollars on fees. Who made it? First of all, the fees were there with Meteora pools. And that goes to Yes. the creator, right? Which is who who is the project? Well, the project is over here, Haley Welch, right? And and how much does Haley Welch own? This is Haley Welch's project. says she owns all did she just make a million dollars on fees on who made the money? How much did Haley Welsh make of that million? 1.8 million. It's who it's a foundation income. I hate to interrupt you, Nick, but hello there. But anyh who, I'm going to go to bed and I'll see you guys tomorrow. Multiple lawsuits were filed against the entities behind Hawk, including Over here Limited and the Two of the Moon Foundation. These lawsuits alleged unlawful promotion and sale of unregistered securities. Welsh received an upfront payment of $125,000 to promote the coin to her community along with 50% of the net trading proceeds after the operating costs paid to the third parties. And she owned 10% of the entire hawk supply, although she could not sell them for a year. Now, it is possible that Haley did not know what she was getting into. But ignorance is no excuse for breaking the law. Her 15 minutes of fame are most definitely over, but since her memecoin, she has disappeared from social media. So, we'll have to see what she does next. In a world filled with amazing talent, interesting, and intelligent people who work hard for the attention of those that can make their dreams a reality, it seems like the wrong people are constantly achieving overnight success. And that's never going to change. So, eventually, there will be a part two of this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @originalMA [1 likes]: Backpack kid is just a sweet kid tried to do his best!!
  2. @JilianneWarner: I'm a completionist so I ordered both 🙃 Not really a fan of orange so I'll probably just play the glacier since they have the same biomes
  3. @Brandon-dy8us: "The dark life after 15 mins of fame" 
"Backpack kid seems happier now!" You contradicted your own clickbait title right away lmao.
  4. @p4kito92: Idiocracy
  5. @Bigmikeshow: These podcast out there are so bad. Who listens to this crap 🤣
  6. @Bigmikeshow: Salt bae definitely takes cake for most embarrassing 🤡. The best comment was the guy on “Hawk-tua” viral video- if she don’t hawk tua, I don’t want to talk to her🤣🤣
  7. @bigmofarah9084: Two surprising things:

Salt Bae has 'good looks'. Absolutely not.

And those incest brothers taking time out from making out to get lairy with people
  8. @vitaliykulinskiy8547: „This is Amerika“
  9. @PRSASQUATCH: I hate these people but i hate the people that made them " Famous " even more
  10. @AnneliesWolput: World-wide-meme😂
  11. @bananaoverlord21: Genuinely downloaded masons song “before I knew it” it’s catchy
  12. @macoson: where is Lech Roch Pawlak?
  13. @chillnagasden6190: Also, "drake" and "some random girl".
I mean that's correct.
But Drake is "some random" as well.
He's responsible for other insufferable randoms like Ninja accidentally getting forced to fame.
Sick of it.
  14. @TheOneCleanHippy: If you're participating in a cryptocurrency buy-in for a short-lived viral media star, I can't say I have much sympathy for you losing your money. Because that is dumb as fuck.
  15. @Noname-ni8qm: 😂 peoplle are brainless to think this is stars
  16. @RobMyself: Salt Bae is the king of cringe, the biggest scam and a freaking ripoff. On top of it, he's a horrible person.
  17. @zjellymold934: I was actually terrified when you listed Mason Ramsey on here but I'm so relieved and happy for him!
  18. @daprinceomar: 9:50 to be fair its normal steakhouse prices. no1 is forcuing people to get the gold-foiled 10x-priced crap.
  19. @ThatZombieGuy81: Is tens of thousands easier to say than 80 thousand? Or does it sound cooler
  20. @ThatZombieGuy81: That island boy crap physically makes me want to rage quit. I broke up with a girl that said it constantly.  Best decision of my life

- The Terrifying Life After 15min of Fame: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine you're 16 years old and it's your first weekend shift. You're bagging groceries under flickering fluorescent lights. Someone in line pulls out their phone and takes a photo. The next morning, your face is everywhere. >> Alex from Target. >> The Alex from Target. Alex from Target. >> The latest social media sensation. >> Alex from Target becomes a [music] national obsession. >> Please welcome Alex from Target. >> He didn't choose to be here. He was just good-looking and the world made him famous. >> I mean, are you overwhelmed by this? >> Uh, yeah. >> Yeah. I mean, you know, >> but here's the thing. Alex wasn't a one-off. >> Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [laughter] are you guys? >> Like my my real name is Alex Veneg. >> We're creating hundreds of people like Alex every year. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Spent all that time. >> Ordinary people pulled into extraordinary fame overnight. >> One song, one video, and your whole life has changed. >> At first, it looks like luck, a golden ticket. But if you look closer, there's a pattern no one talks about. >> Become a huge overnight sensation coming under attack. >> And that pattern is much darker than you'd ever imagine. >> For you, [music] I want to fight you. Tell me where you are so I can come beat you up. >> We consider these threats to be death threats. This situation is hell. >> Let me tell you a story. Hey guys, it's Rebecca. Welcome to my official YouTube channel. It's the night before my new video premieres online right here. >> In 2011, a 13-year-old girl convinces her mom to spend a few thousand on a music video. >> A friend of mine had done this song and music video [music] whole thing, and she gave me the info. I basically just went in and recorded my vocals, and then they did what they wanted with them. The local recording studio runs it as a side hustle. Everyone can walk in, record a song, shoot a video, and experience what it feels like to be a pop star. >> I [music] brought my friends all in it, and we spent a day shooting it at my house. >> If you haven't been living under rock, you've probably heard this song before. [music] >> Rebecca Black Friday. On Friday, February 10th, 2011, it was uploaded to YouTube. For almost a month, nothing happened. >> I had no expectations [music] for what the video was going to do. The most that I expected was that like it'll go out and then my grandma will maybe see it and then [music] I'll move on with my life. >> It gathered only a few views from classmates, family, and friends. And then suddenly everything changed. >> 16 million hits online and climbing. >> 2 million downloads last night alone. It's obviously made Rebecca Black an instant hit. She is now totally [music] >> There was a problem. The song didn't spread because people liked it. It spread because people were mocking it. [music] >> Waking up really horny. >> I see my friends. >> Hey, Rebecca. >> Kicking in the front seat. >> 6 a.m. in the morning. decide to do a prank. >> That's what turned a fun school project into something much darker. >> To have so many people say almost [music] anything that you could have ever imagined to me at such a young age, everything that I thought about myself went [music] out the window. headlines, videos, endless discussions about why the song was the worst thing ever uploaded, aimed at a child who had done nothing wrong. >> What's the meanest [music] thing you've read that maybe hurt you the most? >> I hope you cut yourself and I hope you get an eating disorder so you'll look pretty. And I hope you go cut and die. >> You're so fat. [music] You'll never be pretty. You suck at singing. I hope you go die. >> FBI is involved in investigating some of the [music] death threats. Rebecca pulled back from school. Her mental health deteriorated. >> CNN's I Report website [music] briefly carried a fake story. She was pregnant at 13. >> I felt like this was my fault and I [music] shouldn't have done this and this is all because of me. I became unbelievably depressed [music] and trapped. >> The very attention that was supposed to launch a career became something she had to survive. It took years of therapy for Rebecca to even begin separating her own identity from a joke everyone made of her. And then quietly, something happened. Rebecca Black just kept working. She rebuilt her image from the ground up. >> Friday released, [music] get this, just over a decade ago. >> How could we forget? Now Rebecca Black is back and transformed. [music] >> In 2023, she released her debut album, Let Her Burn. For the first time, people began to respect her as an artist. [cheering] >> Rebecca Black. >> She even played DJ set at the famous Boiler Room. And at the end of the night, the crowd danced to the same song that made her famous. [singing] >> But today, when people hear the name Rebecca Black, they don't think about the artist she became. They think about the meme, the joke, the 13-year-old girl who became popular for all the wrong reasons. And that's the cruel reality of viral fame. Even if you survive it, the version of you that goes viral never dies. >> And [music] maybe if I don't talk about it, people will forget, but nobody forgets. >> At least Rebecca Black tried to escape the moment that defined her. But not everyone runs from fame. Some step straight into the chaos. It's October 12th, 2021. A video is being posted straight from a swimming pool in Florida. >> Island boy and I' been trying to Oh, I'm a island boy. I'm just boy. >> Within 48 hours, the video had millions of views. By the end of the week, it was everywhere. Island boys are taking over the nation right now because I'm an island. [laughter] >> I'mma keep it like a island boy. >> You're kind to me. >> I'm a island boy. >> So, who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you guys? >> All right. My real name is Alex Venegas. >> Okay. You? >> Uh Frankie Venegas. >> And how old are you guys? >> Uh two brothers who became famous overnight. At first, it looked like a breakthrough. They leaned into it, posting constantly, doing interviews, trying to turn the tension into cash. >> Now I'm 20, but like when I was like 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, like all my old teenage years, I was in and out of jail or I just stayed in jail for like 2 years. >> Before they got famous, they used to steal cars. We know about that type of crime, right? The the street type of crime. But did you know that there's a type of crime that's very very hard to protect against? The story about an alleged group of identity thieves caught with thousands in cash. >> There are thieves out there that are actually able to steal your identity. They're scraping your personal info from online. Everything from your phone number to your address, email address, passwords, and then they sell it to scammers online. These identity thieves call themselves data brokers, and it's nearly impossible to stop them unless you use Incogn because Incogn automatically contacts over 420 data brokers on your behalf. And then they get them to remove your data. Yes, you can contact these data brokers yourself, but I have no clue where to start. Incogn knows exactly who they are, how to contact them, and how to get them to remove your data. The only thing you have to do is to sign up, give them your basic info, and they get to work. Unfortunately, this is such an highpaying form of crime. So, this is a continuous effort, but Incogn will keep looking after your data for you. And if you know of a nasty website that holds your personal information that Incogn hasn't captured automatically, you can send it to them and they will help you get that data removed. So if you want to protect your personal information and your personal data, Incogn has graciously given you, my viewers, 60% off their annual plan by clicking the link incogn.com/asa Park. It's also in the description. So be safe, people. Now, let's get back to the Island Boys. Like all my whole teenage years, I was in and out of jail. I just stayed in jail for like 2 years. >> They also tried to turn the mooney into a legitimate music career. They recorded songs, released tracks, shot music videos, but it didn't really work because the actual truth was harsh. The internet didn't fall in love with Alex and Frankie for their talent. It fell in love with the novelty, the hot mess. trying to be the greatest. >> It wasn't something they could intentionally repeat. They were warned it wouldn't last. I think you guys take all of your jewelry assets and invested in something. So you guys will never ever be broke again. I don't need financial advice, but I probably make more money than you. >> But that was me being nice. It wasn't me being like an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I could be an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I could turn it off and be an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Go talk to somebody else. It's not going to go in your favor. But look, >> no, it could go in my favor. [clears throat] >> I felt invincible. My security will whoop whoop your security and I'll beat the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of you right now. >> What you going to do about it? >> By early 2022, the algorithm had moved on. The tension dried up and the Island Boys faced a real question. What now? So they do the only thing they know how to. They escalate [music] everything. Start posting more frequently, more provocatively. >> Hey, but look, look what I just got. Look at the red interior. I'm a mama. Stop playing vet. I'm on mama's mind. You hear me? Then the kissing video appeared. Two brothers on camera kissing each other. >> What's going on with the that's with with you two kissing each other and >> bro? Shut your ass up and break this do. >> Hey hey hey yo that ass dead ass. I would love to see you try that. >> Bro, what are you talking >> I would love to see you try that are you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And >> strangely it works briefly. The video was shared. People reacted. When I think about making out with my sibling and it just really sounds unappealing, how did you get over that? Were you Were you disgusted by the idea at first? Like, how how did you feel about it? I >> mean, we're we're twin brothers. We came out the womb together. We grew up together. It's not really disgusting if it if it's twins. >> The spotlight continued to fade. They became more and more desperate. >> We don't do that over here. You're in the wrong app. Just letting you know. >> In the end, they launched Only Fans. And I don't want to tell you what they post today. I'll leave that for your imagination, but trust me, their story gets darker every single day. >> Found himself behind bars. He's a member of the Island Boys rap duo. Inside their car, they say they found powdered fentinel on a credit card that was in the console. The Island Boys believe that attention meant something. They thought the likes and the shares were proof that they had made it. But not everyone who goes viral is a joke. Some people make it because they possess actual talent and they make it because of it. But when that attention slips away, the fall is often so much further. >> I want the best and I'm going to get the best because I'm the teacher. Class is in session. >> This is Jean Simmons, co-founder of the legendary band Kiss. In 2005, he led a reality show on Channel 4. >> You're all getting angry at each other because you're starting to understand what the stakes [music] are. >> The idea was simple. Take ordinary students, form a rock band, and turn the process into a TV series called Rock School. >> I want what all these guys have got. Money, guitars, girls. >> 15-year-old Christopher Hardman showed up to audition. He was the shortest boy in his year, so everyone called him little Chris. >> I'm little Chris. I have to compensate for being short in [music] some way. So, I make a lot of noise. I draw a lot of attention to myself. >> And the moment he opens his mouth, [music] it's obvious he's got a voice. >> That's That's what I like. Give it TO ME AGAIN. 1 2 3. [screaming] >> He's got the confidence and the kind of stage presence you just can't teach. So, he naturally becomes the lead singer of the band. [music] >> Chris, you're singing lead. By the end of the series, little Chris is standing on stage on Long Beach, California, opening for Judas Priest. At only 15 years old, he's playing in front of massive crowds. >> Back home, his workingclass parents believe they've given their son the ultimate opportunity, but they have no idea what they've actually handed him. >> My law's been turned upside down. It's like, it's amazing. And now I'm in this recording studio in London. I can't believe it. >> Within weeks of the show airing, Chris signs a record deal with RCA Records. In September 2006, his debut single, Checking It Out, hits number three in the UK charts, followed by albums, tours, television appearances, and even his own TV show on the BBC. >> Hello and welcome to the Little Chris Show, brought to you by me, possibly the coolest person in the world, Little Chris. >> But the momentum doesn't last forever. By his early 20s, the call stopped coming. the momentum was gone and suddenly nobody needed him anymore. >> So, what do you think happened? >> I don't know. I thought they I thought they were really good. But, um I suppose that's just how it works. You get hits and then some don't hit quite >> a tough market, isn't it? Especially when you're competing at such a young age. >> Yeah. >> Chris struggled. He couldn't cope with the loss of his stardom. His family watched as anxiety and depression took over his life. Even though Chris felt that he could talk to his family and people close to him about it, [music] obviously being in the public eye, there's a lot of stigma. >> Chris posted about how he struggled with no longer being relevant, about how becoming famous at 15 isn't something he'd recommend, especially if you're untrained and unprepared for what fame actually does to you. On March 3rd, 2015, Chris tweeted that he was quitting music for good, that he was facing the reality of never reclaiming the spotlight, that maybe he just wasn't good enough. Two weeks later, news came out. >> Singer, songwriter, and TV personality Lil Chris has died at the age of 24. >> Chris Hardman was only 24 years old. The industry that made him famous at 15 quickly moved on, long before he had the chance to grow up himself. Chris's parents signed him up for the show. He followed his dreams willingly. But not everyone gets that choice. Sometimes the internet turns your life into a meme without you ever giving it permission to. Terrifying moments for a woman who woke up to a strange man in bed with her. The [music] woman screamed. Her brother rushed in to help and tried to fight the offender off. >> Obviously, we have a rapist in Lincoln Park. >> In 2010, Antoine Dodson is standing outside his apartment complex in Huntsville, Alabama. A local news crew just showed up because someone broke into his sister's bedroom. >> We We going to find you. I'm letting you know now. So you can run and tell that >> Antoine is angry. He's not performing. He's emotionally reacting to the situation. >> Within minutes, it became a viral internet sensation, taking over popular sites like Facebook and YouTube. >> And then someone autotunes it. >> The Bat Intruder song explodes online. It even charts on the Billboard Hot 100. It goes platinum, selling over a million times on iTunes. Suddenly, Antoine Dodson is famous. >> So, I'm like, "Wow, this song went platinum on an accident. [music] Imagine what I could do on purpose." And that's why I started going into the studio writing my upcoming album. It comes out uh at the end of the summer and it's called On Purpose. >> But he's not famous for surviving something dramatic, for protecting his family. He's famous because the internet decided that his genuine fear was entertaining. Obviously, we have a rapist in Lincoln Park. >> And for a brief moment, it looks like an opportunity. Interviews, appearances, money rolling in. But Antoine was just a flavor of the week. Antoine was left holding on to a moment that the internet had already moved past and trying to live up to a public identity he never [music] really asked for. The same pattern would repeat again and again. According to the apartment manager, the fire [music] started in a woman's home who is wheelchair bound >> in 2012. Sweet Brown escapes a terrifying apartment fire and gives a short interview while still coughing from the smoke inhalation. >> Then I ran out. I didn't grab no shoes or nothing. Jesus, I ran for my life and then the smoke got me. I got bro. Ain't nobody got time for that. >> The internet turns her into a catchphrase. >> Ain't nobody got time for that. Ain't nobody getting ain't nobody getting >> Oklahoma City woman has become one of the latest internet sensations. The clip was everywhere. >> That catchphrase became part of our common language. >> Mom, you're viral. You two million in two [music] days. And I didn't I didn't understand that. >> You said, "What is viral? Is that a cream or something?" >> That's what I thought. I thought I need to stir up something. [laughter] And Dear Sweet quickly got creative on how to make a couple of bucks from her viral fame. From merch lines to acting gigs, even her own barbecue sauce. >> But I [music] don't like looking at it cuz I don't like looking at myself like that cuz I look like a joke when I was really serious. >> I was in the passenger side of this car and he comes over on there. >> And then there's Kai the Hitchhiker. The darkest Dario of all. In 2013, Kai became famous after a local news interview. He described stopping a violent assault with a hatchet. >> Ran up behind him with a hatchet. Smash, smash, smash. >> His charismatic and filtered, strange, but in a way the internet loves. >> Smash. >> Kai was invited on talk shows. >> Welcome, Kai. Welcome. How are you? >> Excellent. How about yourself? >> I'm doing good, thank you. >> Recognized everywhere. How did it make you feel though being this viral sensation? I'm not a virus. I'm a sensation. I'm Kai. >> Pulled into the spotlight without any kind of support system. He said that he struggled with the sudden attention and less than a year later, Kai was arrested for murder. >> Well, now a few months later, the internet sensation is in jail suspected of murder. >> He claims he was drugged and then sexually assaulted >> and he was over top of me and he shoved me into the bed. I was trying to get him away from Yeah, I couldn't get him. >> And even though he claimed he was acting in self-defense, he was sentenced to life in prison. >> Known as Ka Hitchhiker, has been sentenced to 57 years in prison. >> Different people, different circumstances, similar outcomes because the internet really doesn't care about these people. It doesn't care about their stories. It only wants to meme until it gets bored. >> In the future, everybody will be world famous for 15 minutes. >> Andy Warhol once said, "Everyone would love to be famous for 15 minutes." And maybe he was right. What he never touched on though was what happens when those minutes end. I guess a key question is who really decides what goes viral and what doesn't. But I think the answer isn't so much who, it's what. >> The Disney Channel has begun its [music] nationwide search for talented youngsters. >> For most of modern history, fame followed the system. If you wanted it, you had to go to the right people. Record labels, casting [music] directors, talent scouts, people whose entire job was to say no to everyone. >> I don't mean to be unkind, [music] but you have one of the worst singing voices. >> That system was brutal, but it did something important. [music] It filtered, it trained, it prepared you for what came next. It was essentially impossible to get famous by [music] accident. You had to earn it. And by the time you got there, you'd built the skills to survive it. Then everything changed. All right. So, here we are in front of the elephants. Cool thing about these guys. >> Suddenly, everyone had a camera. Everyone had a platform. At first, this felt as progress. An even playing field, lower barriers to entry. Everyone could now build an audience on their own. >> I can do this on my own in my bedroom, [music] upload it, people can enjoy it. >> But what we didn't predict was another effect. You see, the algorithm doesn't care about skill or talent. It only cares about one thing, engagement. How do we consume [music] as much of your time and conscious attention as possible? >> An engagement doesn't reward substance. It rewards spectacle, shock, novelty. A career takes years to build. [music] A viral moment can happen in a weekend. And today, the entire internet basically runs on that same system. [music] A system where you can become a celebrity by accident. >> What did I wish for? To be famous and have and be rich. Here's what we've quietly accepted. A culture that prioritizes shortcuts over substance [music] doesn't just create bad content. It creates collateral damage. >> Yo, what's up, guys? I'm live right now on YouNow. The names [music] below. Come watch. Let's spread some positivity and love. So, come what? >> Because when the algorithm decides a 15-year-old is famous, it doesn't warn them about what comes next. The algorithm doesn't see people at all. It sees content. And content has no feelings. no future, no need for protection. And it's true that a small number of people actually do manage to turn sudden attention into something lasting. We can point to some rare cases. People who survive the spotlight long enough to define themselves beyond it. But those stories, they are the [music] exceptions, not the rule. Somewhere along the way, we stopped seeing people in viral videos as humans. Instead, they became content. And I want to say this especially to young people out there. A viral hit isn't success. [music] It feels like success, but it isn't. It's usually fake and it usually won't last. And when your 15 minutes of fame fade away, well, [music] you're left to deal with the leftovers alone. And I think that's the real problem here. And it's a problem that we should be talking much more about. Again, thank you for watching the video to the end. Also, check out Incogn. Uh use that link because then people will know we sent you. And if you want to do us a small favor, the only thing we will ask for is to check out this video. Speaking of memes, Nickelback turned into a huge meme in the early 2000s. Uh this is one of the best ones we've made, so I think you'll like it. Check it out. Uh and check it out now. Ciao.

  Top Comments:
  1. @asaparked [48 likes]: Use code asapark at the link below to get an exclusive 60% off an annual Incogni plan: https://incogni.com/asapark .
Also, please watch our latest video here - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGk4tqotFqQ 😇
  2. @DJDOG956: You are also part of the problem...15 min of fame and you are scrapping to get an extra min for yourself from these non self aware dipshts. Good grief.
  3. @DouglasHoffman-r7j: 🎵 "Ima jest island boy" 🎶
  4. @ann7882: He went on those TV shows by himself.
  5. @FormIntentionBoxing: Happy to hear rebecca black eventually flipped it on em
  6. @bullfanscot: Do you want fame or fortune more? If you answer fame then you will like die as a broke bitch and If you say fortune you will die hated.
  7. @wandakyle2007: Whats really scary about it is the ones who like her music say what you want but wow nan
  8. @kissensewruttun451: Yeah bro I was living under a rock as I really didn't heard the song
  9. @sixmill977: What happened to 🎶 You gonna lose your job!🎶 lady?
  10. @Slurpseditzy6: I can see why almost 1k people have downvoted.. a video of nothing news voiced by a monotone guy.
  11. @discobikerAndRosie: I've had my 15 minutes of fame, a couple of times. It was interesting in the moment but I didn't take it seriously. Fame is fleeting, I didn't ask for it, & I didn't let it go to my head.
  12. @larrygriego3328: I guess I live under a rock because I never seen this crap till now like I tell people don't make the phone your whole life stupid asses
  13. @MedicineBear555: And the I like corn 🌽 kid
  14. @MetalManMercier: Watching from Belfast Northern Ireland. Your probably the best vlogs on here. 
To be honest i prefer Americans anyway tho these are amazing vlogs
  15. @robertjohnson8543: All this is just another example how the society if slowly falling...due to poor parenting and worse education.
  16. @unstepintime: I guess I've been living under a rock. Never heard of that song and never heard of Rebecca Black. But I feel bad for her.
  17. @Juumamiii: Ummmmm
  18. @zupmeoff: Rebeca Black? Never heard of her 😂
  19. @elzbietakawalerska8235: I don't condone hate, but Rebecca's story is pathetic. These death wishes are just a fringe, the exceptions. Most people made fun of her arrogance and the fact that she's so stupid she doesn't realize how terrible her voice sounds. Now, turning these online commenters into aggressive monsters is unfair.
  20. @TwinTurboxx: I hate social media. It's just an illusion.

- WARNING: CRAZY social media fame (use this ONCE): Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> I saw it all and I I I know you want me. I ain't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with you. >> [music] >> I saw it all and made myself I saw it all and made myself I know you [music] want me. I ain't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thee_4444 [239 likes]: GUYS I USUALY DONT COMMENT BUUUUT I FUCKING GOT 100k VIEWS AND 15K LIKES THIS IS MAGIC
  2. @xoxo3196 [3 likes]: I posted a video on my new account which has like 6 followers let’s see how it does so far it has 100 views

Update 1) i gained 500 views on that video plus now my follower count is 6
And also some people i have not talked to in ages commented on that video
  3. @harshitachaudhari1237 [3 likes]: Enhypen i will forever love you as sevEN
  4. @JINXTHETIC [2 likes]: I ACCEPT THIS POSITIVE ENERGY
  5. @solosolosolo2 [2 likes]: Thanks!
  6. @study_gurlyyy [1 likes]: Ohkyy.. So I'll try this...
I've a chnl with 3.8k subs
But nowadays my videos aren't blowing up.. So let's see
I hope this works 😭🙏🏻 🙏🏻 🙏🏻..!!
  7. @saraali03 [1 likes]: Can we listen to this and manifest someone else's fame? Like if a friend of mine has public account and struggling to get views or followers.
  8. @YouTube_EenamiiOfficial [1 likes]: Guyzzz, i really wanna start a journey on social media, especially tik tok, may this work!!!
  9. @aangelaxy [1 likes]: my fan account blew up, it got hundreds thousands likes per video
  10. @Nandini-n4y: Funny how almost every time I listen to this I gain a new follower in my insta
  11. @tinkerbell6752: Okay let's try this...
  12. @Srfyhvfh: Спасибо тебе огромное!!
  13. @Oceans_Muse111: I lovw how short your subliminals are...also the calm versions? ❤
  14. @jannajams2078: Can this work even though I don't post?
  15. @itsBenzie: I need a minimum of 5000 likes on each post and 10k reposts
  16. @mselegancee: i always get more followers on insta i gained 15+
  17. @maya.777_uwu: in guoba we trust
  18. @shraxx: I wish to have a 800 followers i claim it
  19. @Sneha_edits_143: Manifesting 100k subscriber❤❤
  20. @kaverichopra: I affirm 🥰🥰🥰

- BLOW UP ON TIKTOK QUICKLY! 10,000 in 1 MONTH (Do's & Don'ts + Strategy)!: Kind: captions Language: en So, you want to grow on Tik Tok, huh? You've come to the right place. Welcome. So, a little bit of background. In my first month of Tik Tok, I gained 10,000 followers. I'm now in my second month, and I am sitting at 30,000 when I am filming this. I'm not a professional. I'm not a social media manager, but what I am is a girl who knows how to put together a plan, execute the plan, and do the damn thing. This was my very first attempt to ever grow a social media account. I've actually always said like, "Oh, I'm not a social media girl." Turns out that's not very true. I used some of these strategies here on YouTube. I've posted two videos and I've gained 100 followers each time off of them. So, I sat down last night for like an hour. I wrote down everything that I really thought helped me in my first month that I'm going to relate to you. I want to get you out of that 200 view jail. Like, free my girl or my boy, but my audience is primarily women. So, free my girls, free the babes. So, let's just get straight into it. The very first and most important thing, and I say this every single time, strategy. Here's the thing. If you want Tik Tok to be a job for you, if you want to make money off of Tik Tok, and you want to do it quickly, strategy. If you don't have a strategy, you can still grow on Tik Tok. You can still become an influencer on Tik Tok. I think that it would take longer. When I say strategy, a lot of people have no clue what I'm talking about. So, let's just define it for a second. So, a strategy is essentially a plan, but based off of your goal, your strategy is going to change. So, if you want views, that's one strategy. If you want followers, that's another strategy. If you want both, that's a different strategy. Your goal determines your strategy. These are the things in the strategy that you need to consider. First thing, what do you want? Do you want to go viral? Do you want a community? Do you want to build your other social media platforms? Do you want to promote a business? My primary goal was to have an engaged community. Next, you need to figure out your niche or niches. Some people say niche down. Some people say don't have a niche. You are the niche. I don't even care. I I don't care. It doesn't matter. All you have to do is ask yourself this one question. In one year, if you have 500,000 followers, what content would you be posting? Whatever that is. That could be beauty videos, that could be lifestyle videos, that could be fitness videos, that could be videos about making YouTube videos. Whatever the answer is, that is the content that you should be posting. Now, this is your life. You're not just the main character. You're the director. You're the producer. You are it. You are the beginning and the end. Just figure out what you want to be talking about. So, for me, I knew that I wanted to be talking about growing and being an influencer. So, I started a becoming an influencer series. And that's kind of that was one of the first videos that really helped me pop off. Some may say I'm so proud of that series because I get so many mentions of other people being like, I saw this girl do it. I want to do it. I want to do this, too. Here's my plan. Like, it warms my heart. Nothing else that I've done has made me feel like, oh, I'm an influencer. But seeing other people do the things that I'm doing, I'm like cuz it's like I'm I'm that's influencing. Like, I'm literally I'm influencing the girls. I see the impact. You know what I mean? Next part of your strategy is figuring out what's sustainable for you. Is it filming, editing, and posting every day? Is it doing it three times a week? for me. I have to film, edit, post on the same. I just remembered I have a video to post. Hold. Hold on, y'all. I got to figure out the music for this video. Give me one second. Okay, y'all. I can't believe. Do you see how much stuff I have going on at this point? Like, anyway, where was I? I just posted a video literally a second ago. I filmed it this morning. I edited it at breakfast and I just posted it now. Logistically, figure out what's best for you. Okay, so the next one I think is so important and it is text on the screen. People will know exactly what the video is about and why they should care. The reason that this is so key is a lot of people watch their Tik Toks on silent. They're watching it at work. They're watching it on the bus. The video I just posted is about free PR and me unboxing what I've received. They don't have to even watch the first 5 seconds to know what the video is about. This next one may be controversial because I always hear people saying the opposite of this, but I genuinely believe quality over quantity every single time. Well, not every single time. If your goal is just to have a video, if your goal is just to have a video hit a million views, then post as many videos as you can, cuz that's going to boost your chance to hit that million. If your goal is community, engagement, making this a job, being a personal brand, quality over quantity every single time, and that is something that brands want, you don't need to have 30,000 followers. You don't need to have 10,000 followers. You need to have quality content because you could have a million followers and if the quality of your content is trash, who's going to want to work with you? I grew to 10K off of one video a day. Sometimes I would post more than that, but typically one video a day. That was it. This fourth thing is I think really big and that is do not delete your videos if they do not perform well right away. I have so many videos that perform at its best after 2 days. You guys, that takes so much pressure off of you knowing that if you post a video and it's not doing well in the first 24 48 hours, it's not over till it's over. But I also have a video that just hit a million views that I posted at the beginning of the month. Do not count yourself out. Do not delete those videos at any point. Everything could change. And last but not least, redo the videos that you think should be performing better. So, if it's been some time and you see that the video isn't performing as well as you would like, redo it in a different format. You can just take the clips and like do a voice over instead, but also remake the video. Try it in a different way. Try posting it at a different time. Be experimental. If something fails and I think that it should be doing better, I don't I really try not to take it personally, I'm just like, "Okay, okay, okay. It's a challenge. How am I going to find a way to make this pop off? How am I going to do this in a way that's going to make people interested?" And the thing is, because most of your views come from the for you page, a lot of people, especially if you're smaller, they've never seen your content before. They don't know that you are remaking a video. This is their first time seeing it. So, like, have fun. There's so many people who are like, "My videos are not performing well. I only have 200 views. I only have 500 views." But they keep doing the same format. It blows my mind. Stop doing it. Stop doing that format. There's a quote that says, "The definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results. Give it up for that." Who is it? Albert Einstein. Switch it up. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I can definitely do more of these cuz I have so many tips and so many things that have helped me get to where I'm at right now. So definitely if you want a part two, even if you don't want a part two, I'm probably going to make a part two. But hopefully hopefully my part two is like how I reached 50K in 3 months or something like that. I'll see you next time. I'm going to go enjoy the rest of my day. Until then, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VHShortie [4 likes]: Quality over quantity for sure. Went from using my iPhone, to my DJI now to my Sony and it looks like I’m making a TV series. Plus I’m giving tips on how to level up your beauty content.
  2. @ChrissyD2017 [4 likes]: Our fairy content godmother 🧚🏾‍♀️
  3. @lakeishacrossyt [4 likes]: im going by everything you said becouse u have got 240k followers now
  4. @SCHOOLOFMOTION-1 [2 likes]: i thought you were gonna walk us through an actual strategy
  5. @oluebubecynthia6808 [2 likes]: Really need to start implementing these tips in my videos.. thank  youuu 😊
  6. @theetravelhippie [1 likes]: thank you! do you have any courses?
  7. @Ceethesecond [1 likes]: Yas girl I agree with your tips i had a video from a few weeks ago hit 1k so i agree with not taking any down well i have a few that i take down but especially the ones that ppl know that they did good on do be discouraged because trust me that video will pop fr lol
  8. @julianakulagina313: best video i saw its AWESOME
  9. @JuliaHraiky: I need to do this thank you ive been making video for a few months and im stuck at 100 views
  10. @TiaWasHere11: Can you actually link that video series of how to become an influencer?
  11. @coral.guadalupe: You’re on my list of influencers that I can’t miss a single video. I love your content! You’re also pushing me to get back on YouTube❤
  12. @burntzach: Ur funny asf 😂
  13. @Keiraalmaria: thanks for the tips!
  14. @AshleyCagle-002: You have an amazing mindset. And that is everything.
  15. @Joythe_nurse: Thank you my TikTok is finally growing
  16. @stephsteph1338: 🥰 new subscriber from Instagram!
  17. @soobintheestalIion: i just wanna get to 1k so i can go live 😣
  18. @samyerinn: Okay I have a genuine question. When I post I can’t seem to get out of the 200 300 jail as everyone calls it. I was told my video aren’t going well because most of my followers are men and my videos aren’t aimed at men and I get more views from women. I just want to know is that true? I just want some advice basically.
  19. @sarachaskitchen: ❤
  20. @abolocruise: Growing YouTubers, let's grow together.

- How to BEAT the TikTok Algorithm in 12 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en There are a lot of misconceptions about the Tik Tok algorithm in 2026. You've got all these wannabe gurus out there telling you to use the midnight photo effect to post a specific way to your stories, use the text feature, or engage from the bottom up. It's just a bunch of random tactics that are supposedly going to blow your account up overnight. And what's really frustrating is that even some of the Tik Tok educators that I actually respected have started creating content like this. They've stopped teaching the things that actually help people grow and instead they're pushing these gimmicky strategies that just get them more views and engagement. >> How about new? >> But we're not doing that today. If you don't know me, my name is Mike Yanda. I went from zero to 10,000 followers on TikTok in under 45 days. And more importantly, I have over 10 years of experience in the social media marketing world helping online coaches to grow their audience and their income. I've helped clients like Jared here to go viral and make $75,000 in his first month on TikTok. and I helped Bridget grow her brand to the point where she was making six to $8,000 a month. That way, she could stay at home as a full-time mom. And then there's Mike, who recently took my 30-day Tik Tok growth challenge and took a new account to 22,000 followers and got over eight people to join his coaching program at like $1,800 a pop. So, in this video, I'm going to take you through exactly what I know about the Tik Tok algorithm and how it works in 2026. It's all of the things that you need to do to grow your account without any of the bull. A lot of the advice that you're seeing in your FYP lately, including the things that I mentioned earlier, are completely false. There's just a lot of creators right now that are either a telling you what you want to hear, or b making these outlandish claims that are completely untrue. That way, they can increase their own views and engagement. But underneath all this seeming complexity and the mystery around Tik Tok, the algorithm is really quite simple. And the good news is that the algorithm is going to do everything it can to help you as a creator to break through and get views. The Tik Tok algorithm's number one job is to keep people watching videos and staying on the app. And because content has such a short lifespan on Tik Tok, even if it's a viral video, the algorithm is constantly looking to fill viewer demand by finding more good videos on the same topics. And they need a lot of creators to do that. So, as long as your content is good, the algorithm is going to do everything it can to push your videos and get you to keep making them. But the good content part is the key phrase there. And so, I think it's important that you understand how the algorithm works and what it defines as good content that it's actually going to push to more people. You see, Tik Tok intentionally stalls videos at 200 views, and it runs a small test to determine whether your video is deserving of being pushed to more people, whether it's actually going to make people stop and watch and stay on the app for as long as possible. So, if the first two to 300 people that watch your video swipe past it or don't watch it very long, then the algorithm has no reason to push that content anymore. That's why so many creators feel like they're stuck in this 200 view jail. But when you post a video and those first 200 to 300 people stop and watch the video and finish it at a pretty high percentage, maybe even go to your profile and binge some of your content, those are really strong signals. That's what tells the algorithm, "Oh, this is something that people want more of." And that's when the algorithm starts pushing your videos to bigger audiences. What you have to keep in mind is that Tik Tok does behave a little bit differently depending on where you're at in your creator journey. If you're a brand new creator or a smaller account, Tik Tok is still trying to figure you out. It's learning who you are, what your content is about, and who it should be showing your videos to. So, the algorithm is actually using random people in that 200 view sample audience during the testing phase. This is why so many creators see their videos stall out in the early days and they feel like they're in that Tik Tok jail. It's not because you're shadowbanned. It's because your account isn't clearly categorized yet. Tik Tok just needs more content and more data points so it can actually figure out who the audience is for your videos. Now, when it comes to more established creators, things look a little bit different. The algorithm already has a pretty clear idea of what their content is about and who their ideal audience is. So, even though Tik Tok is still testing their videos on the for you page and often to people that don't know who they are yet, it's actually serving their videos to a better quality sample audience. Instead of guessing, Tik Tok is showing those videos to around 200 to 300 people that are already interested in the topic. That's why established creators tend to do much better in the test phase and consistently get more views. In both cases, the algorithm is putting every creator through the exact same process. The only difference is how well it understands what your content is about and who you made it for. Now, if you have questions about the algorithm, let me know in the comments. But if not, we're going to move on. The next thing I'm going to share with you might feel a little bit counterintuitive, but it is going to help you grow so much faster. If you want to beat the algorithm or have the algorithm favor your content, I actually want you to stop focusing on the algorithm so much. Instead, I want you to swap the word algorithm with audience. Because at the end of the day, Tik Tok isn't making random decisions about which videos go viral. It's just measuring how people respond to your videos. So, when you're starting out with a brand new Tik Tok account or you're a small creator who hasn't broken through yet, it's really important that you get crystal clear on exactly what your content is about. You need to ask yourself, who is the typical viewer that I'm making content for? What is it that they want to hear about? What is it that they want to learn? What are the things that they need help with? It's really important that you get clear on who your content is for and develop like a focus or a theme for your account. That way, the algorithm can more easily categorize you and find the people that are actually interested in your videos. That's what it really means to niche down. And I always recommend that you choose a niche where you have real experience or expertise or at least a very deep passion about the topic because you need to be able to connect with the viewers. It's a lot easier to understand what people want to see in your videos when you have a lot of knowledge and actually care about the problem you're trying to help people with. That's exactly why I chose this niche when I started this YouTube channel because I wanted to help people to grow and monetize on Tik Tok because I had years of experience helping business owners to grow their revenue and their audience with social media. And when I was trying to figure out Tik Tok for myself, there was just so much conflicting advice out there. So, I set out to create the videos that I wish I'd had when I started. Content that didn't hide the ball, wasn't full of BS strategies, and actually gave you like clear step-by-step actions that you could take in order to get results. And that's what I want you to do. Find a niche where you have experience and you care a lot. And then make the videos you would want to see. Now, despite what the wannabe gurus would tell you, there are a lot of little things that the Tik Tok algorithm just doesn't care about. One of the biggest ones is posting time. There is no magic time of day that is going to make your video go viral. No matter when you post, Tik Tok is always doing the same thing. It's testing out your content, seeing how people respond to it in order to decide whether to push it further. Another myth is that you need to post an insane amount of content every single day. You do not need to post 20 times a day, even though I know that there are people that are pushing that right now. Here's the truth. Tik Tok has actually come out and said you only need to post one to four times per day. That's it. And if you just post one video per day consistently, you're going to be absolutely fine. The algorithm isn't going to punish you if you miss a day either. You just want to avoid those long breaks from posting. Now, I also want to talk about hashtags and SEO as well because this is one of those things that people are getting halfway right. And if you're not familiar with SEO, it means search engine optimization, which is just a fancy way of saying using keywords. That way, you can show up in search or in the case of Tik Tok, you know, using the keywords to get categorized so it can show your videos to the right people. So things like the words you say in videos, the topics you talk about consistently, the text that you put on your screen, and the words that you write in the descriptions of your videos, all of those things are going to be data points that help the algorithm figure out what your content is about. Hashtags work the same way. It's just a signal to help the algorithm categorize you. But there's not any kind of mechanism where you're using a hashtag and that increases your likelihood of going viral. You honestly don't even need them anymore because the algorithm has gotten so good at understanding the context of your videos. Over time, it can figure out who to show them to just through the repetition of your topics and the words that you use. At the end of the day, the Tik Tok algorithm is a very simple robot, and it only wants a few things. It wants content that makes people stop scrolling and actually watch. And it wants content that makes people watch all the way to the end and content that makes people want more of the same kind of content. And that usually shows up in one of a few ways. Either from them watching your video and then going and searching for related topics, or even better, by going to your profile and starting to binge all of your other videos. So, if you really want to beat the algorithm, you need to stop trying to hack the platform with these little gimmicks and tricks, and instead focus on two things. Number one, make your topic painfully obvious. Too many creators talk about too many topics, and it confuses the algorithm. You need to make it crystal clear what your content is about, and the easiest way to do that is to create three to four themes or content pillars and then just making videos on those things over and over and over again. And I mean repeat them until you get bored, until you feel like your audience is going to get bored because that is the level of repetition that the algorithm needs in order to consistently categorize you and show your videos to the right people. And this is important for you to understand. Even if you get bored with your content, your audience never does because your videos are constantly being pushed on the FYP to completely new people that have never heard of you before. And even your repeat viewers that are hearing the topics over and over again, it's going to help them to learn and understand hearing you word things in a different way. The repetition also forces you to get creative and to talk about these topics in new ways, which leads to you eventually finding that perfect combination that actually goes viral. The second thing to focus on is just making better content, developing that skill as a creator. Because even if your videos are shown to the right people, if the content isn't good enough and doesn't keep their attention, it can still flop. That's why content research is so important. Pay attention to other creators in your space and the videos and topics that are already working for them. When you see a video that gets way more views than that creator normally gets, save it. Those videos are telling you exactly what your audience wants to see. Model those videos in your own content. Don't copy them word for word. Just make your version of it. Share your beliefs, your expertise, because when you model content that's already done really well like that, you're greatly increasing your chances of getting more views because those are the videos that people want. You also need stronger hooks both with the text that's on the screen as well as what you say in the first 3 seconds of your video. Because if you can't get people to stop scrolling and to continue watching your video, then your views are dead in the water. Your goal is to make people feel like they have to watch your video. Like if they don't watch it, they're going to miss out on something. And if they can't watch it now, you want them to feel compelled to save it so they can come back and watch it later. Now, if you're serious about growing on TikTok and you feel stuck, either as a new creator or somebody that's hit a bit of a plateau, here's exactly what I want you to do. You're going to post at least 10 videos using the framework that I'm about to share with you. Not two, not three, 10 videos. And the reason for that is simple. You need enough data points to see what's actually working and you need enough reps to actually improve your skill as a creator. So, here are the rules for the challenge. Rule number one, pick one niche and then choose three to four like subtopics or content pillars that all of your content is going to fall into. Every video you post should fall into one of those buckets. And if you want, you can drop a comment below telling me what your niche and what your content pillars are, and I can let you know if they're too broad, cuz I understand that this can be a little bit confusing. Rule number two, do real content research. Study other creators in your niche. Find their outlier videos and save them. And while you're scrolling before you page, pay attention to any videos that genuinely make you want to just stop and watch. Those videos are going to teach you what a strong hook and headline actually looks like. Rule number three, for the next 10 videos, you are not going to post whatever you feel like posting. You are only going to model your research videos and put your own spin on it. Take the videos you saved and create your own versions of them. Use the same hooks, use the same headlines, but share what you believe about the topic. This dramatically increases your chances of getting bigger views because you're responding to proven demand instead of just guessing. Rule number four, once you've posted all 10 videos and they've had a couple of days to get views, you're going to go back and you're going to study them. But here's the important part. I don't want you to look at your analytics. I don't care about your watch time, your retention rates, your drop off in the first 3 seconds or any of that. Your only scoreboard is which videos got the most views. Those are your winners. Once you've identified your winners, you're going to let them guide your future content. You can make more videos on the exact same topic in different ways. You can use the hook for a different one of your content pillars. The point here is to iterate on what's already working. And as you're planning your next 10 videos, I would make about 30% of them based on your winners and the other 70% based on content research that you're doing. Once you have that, go post videos 11 through 20 and then repeat the process again. Your goal is to reach 100 videos as quickly as you can. And the more you go through this process, the more you're going to learn about what actually works for you and your account and for the audience that you're developing. That's when content creation and coming up with ideas and planning what you're going to post becomes so much easier. The last thing that I want to leave you with is that you need to treat your Tik Tok account like an investment instead of day trading. If you post a video and you're constantly checking your analytics and your views every few minutes, you are absolutely going to lose your mind. You need to completely detach yourself from how any individual video performs. You want to just go out there, post your video, move on to the next one, and then after you have 10 videos or two weeks of videos, then you want to look back and analyze what worked. And that's when the views matter. You're using the videos that got bigger views as clues to figure out what works for you. That's the entire game. Now, I have one more resource for you that's going to help you spot and avoid all the fake guru BS that's currently in the feed because it's gotten really bad lately. I want you to watch this video up on the screen where I break down all of the things that I wish I'd known when I started on TikTok. It goes deeper into what matters, what doesn't, and the things that you should focus on that actually move the needle. I think you're gonna like it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gleebuscollects [1 likes]: I don't mind being in 200 view jail. It's better than being in 0 view hell!
  2. @gotraderpros [1 likes]: My niche is day trading. I teach people how to day trade. My lives be really getting people in the room and it does good. My posts is another beast and I’m struggling in this part
  3. @REWARDAWARD: This must've not worked I think
  4. @the_alpha_h: My niche is Gaming and my main motive is to get more views from bloodstike game player
  5. @Nanaclubbb: Im a new account and I get 0 views, how this is even possible???? 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
  6. @RuhHakawina: Great info thx❤
  7. @joemalik3562: Really new to TikTok and 2 weeks in posting from + in studio and get around 240 views limit every reel (10 second shorts) a few likes and odd follows but I tried posting a video via creator insights- content gap - into my niche… but views for it were much lower and yesterday posted new video again just from TikTok studio and Zero views? I’m panicking now as reliant on TikTok to break the testing phase and get it out there but if no one is able to see it then it’s a huge problem?
  8. @adustduck: I post my twitch clips on tiktok. My content is random but usually a clip from my stream, should i change it up and fokus on a specific niche ?
  9. @Bossavik6969: Nice video❤
  10. @youstinalocas7871: if i am a center that my posts including - marketing about our courses - and bible studies short reels - and life coaching and real life hacks reels how to manage all together in one page or do i have after these years to split the accounts? i only want to spread the word not making money --- and this strategy works with all social media as (facebook - instgram - tiktok and youtube?)
  11. @EshalFatima-e3h: It's very very nice vadio and very informative vadio 👌 I really like this wonderful vadio thanks for sharing this wonderful vadio and ip web is the best earning website thanks for ip web
  12. @HadirMahmoud-te4gm: This video is full of creative ideas and very entertaining! I found this clip through IPWeb and really enjoyed watching it. Great content and excellent editing!
  13. @Rawaz_muhamad: I made a TikTok account 4 days ago first video got 60k and second got 500k still going but after that my 3 videos are on 1k with better average watch than first 2 videos i think TikTok still testing my videos and trying to show many different people i know the switch to blowup is near or i hope it is 😅
  14. @vursaleif: The truth is, people just don't like my music 😭
  15. @MafiNoob: Is it worth of time ? Btw I am from ip web
  16. @trina941: If Im showing wresths that I ceeate should I put Handcrafted wresths or Home decor for my titles when ai post the wreaths so tiktok knows what I'm about? I usually put the type of wresth It is.
  17. @LuckyJasss: Niche: gen z -millennials pop culture. Current music, fashion tips, lifestyle
  18. @mateuszbaginski6991: Costanza pazienza e rispetto sono la base del sistema e algoritmo . se hai pazienza con i big ecc ;) non ci sono trucchi .. e l'algoritm poi lo vedo come un collega di collaborazione ;) 4.7 visalizzazioni? dei quali chissà quanti profili bot . e il live quei 4 milioni ti serviranno pococ ;) specifica prossima volta : per chi non ha pazienza . ma dopo un mese o due rimane deluso con quel 5 milioni . grazie ;9 non e una critica ma un opinione particolare
  19. @RaihanTheOn: Honestly, I've tried a dozen of these, and IPweb is actually legit for some consistent, easy pocket money. Been using it while watching Netflix for a few weeks now. Thanks
for the breakdown!
  20. @ByronJoeDavid-Daveed: My content is Anime edits. Any suggestions and/or advice?

- Your 30 day plan to blow up on TikTok in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en How awesome would it be if you were getting a 100red new followers every single day on Tik Tok? In this video, I'm going to show you how to do that. I'm going to give you a 30-day plan so you can start getting the views and the followers that you've always wanted. And it doesn't matter if you're starting from scratch or you've been posting forever without seeing results. If you accept this challenge and do the 10 things that I'm about to share with you for 30 days, it will completely transform your views, your followers, and the engagement that you're getting on your account. You'll also have a much better understanding of how the Tik Tok algorithm works and what it takes to actually get results. Because I know that when I started on TikTok, I spent a lot of time worrying about whether I was doing the right things. And the more conflicting advice that I listened to from gurus, the more confused I became. So, I'm going to make this simple and I'm going to cover all the big questions that you have like how often you should post, whether you need to niche down, and whether this idea of engaging from the bottom up actually helps you grow on TikTok. Now, you may not feel like getting a 100 followers per day is even possible. But if you do the 10 things I'm about to share for the next 30 days, I promise you that it is. This is exactly how I got to 10,000 followers in about 45 days, and I've helped many new creators do exactly the same. At this point, you have nothing to lose. So, why not try something different and follow a single plan for the next 30 days? And if you feel stuck or have questions, just drop them in the comments and I'll help you out. All right, first step of the plan. You are only going to use one niche or topic for the entire 30 days. And I understand this is going to be very difficult for some of you because you might be interested in a lot of different things and have a lot of different things that you want to share inside of your personal brand, but this is really important if you want to start getting results. And I'm not saying you only have to talk about one thing for the rest of your life. You're going to be able to expand and talk about more topics later, but right now our focus is to start getting you consistent growth and views in the next 30 days. And in order to do that, we have to help the algorithm understand what your account is about. We have to get your account categorized and start getting your content categorized. That way, the algorithm can show your videos to the people that are actually interested in them. And what happens to a lot of creators is they're posting about too many things. They're sending too many different signals to the algorithm, and so they confuse the algorithm, and then it's just guessing about who to show your videos to. And this is why you might have incredible valuable content that's actually a really good piece of content. Maybe you even saw that it was a video that worked really well for somebody else, but it didn't work for you. And it's because that other person, they've done the things necessary to categorize their account and get their video shown to the right people, which means they actually stop scrolling. They actually watch the video and they watch it for a long time. Whereas yours, it's getting shown to somebody that's not interested, so they're not watching the video for very long or worse, they're swiping past it. So, choose one topic or one niche and every single video that you put out for the next 30 days needs to be about that topic only. And before we move on, this is a good time to let you know that I actually have a free Tik Tok growth training. You can grab it in the description. It's actually delivered over 30 days directly to your inbox. So, if you're going to be doing this 30-day challenge, that's going to be really helpful because every day you'll have a specific tip or strategy that you can focus on improving that day. And it pairs really well with what we're doing in this video. All right, the second thing that we're going to do is we are going to post one to three times per day every single day. It's important that you post every single day. And the other thing that's important is that you post consistently, that you do not miss a day. For the next 30 days, you're committing to putting out a video no matter what. And if that means that you can't post more, that's okay. I know that there's a lot of people on TikTok that are telling you that you need to post three to five times per day in order to grow or in order to grow fast. But I promise you that is not true. you can get extreme growth and get to where you're getting a 100 followers per day just posting once per day. Because posting the right videos and packaging them in the right way and understanding how the algorithm works is going to get you more results than just posting a ton of content that's maybe not the best content that it could be. So, what I want you to do is post as much as you can and still implement everything we're talking about in this video, but no more than three videos. Okay? I would rather you post one video per day. And if you're able to create more than one video, then what I would consider doing is dripping those out. Maybe you create three videos today. Don't post all of them today. Post one today and save some of those to help you be consistent longer. But if you are going to post more than one video per day, don't post them at the same time. Don't post them back toback. Spread them out. Do one in the morning, one in the evening, something like that. Just give them time to process. One of the things that you're going to see is that your videos might not just get a ton of views right away like they used to. It used to be that like you got 200 to 300 views instantly for that sample audience that they give you. Or if it was going viral like it went viral within minutes, but that's not what's happening now. A lot of times because the algorithm is working harder to find the right people, it's going to drip those two to 300 videos out maybe throughout the entire day. And so we want to give it time to do the work. So, if your views are delayed or you're not seeing like instant virality, I don't want you to worry about it because I know I had a video recently that got over 100,000 views and it only got maybe 200, 300 views in the first day and didn't really get a whole lot more over the next week and then boom, it took off. So, give it time. And one last thing before I forget, if you are worried about posting times, don't. Posting times don't matter. Just choose a time that works for you. It will have no impact on your views. I only like choosing a posting time as like an accountability tool. Like saying to myself, I'm gonna have a video posted by 10:00 a.m. every day or by 5:00 pm every day. Like that allows me helps me to be more consistent and to show up every day. So do that if you need to, but don't really worry about when you post your videos. The third thing you're going to do is experiment and post different types of content. If you want to be successful on Tik Tok, you have to try a lot of different things because there's a lot of ways to skin a cat. There's a lot of different types of content that work, but you have to find the format that works best for you and your personality. And so during this 30 days, I want you to experiment. I want you to do the 60 to 90 second talking educational videos. And if you need to go longer, if you're doing a 2-minute video, 3-minute video, that's totally fine. But also try, you know, those 6 to9 second videos where you just have like a video of you doing some random thing and then the message and the value of the video is actually the text on the screen and you can add a trending sound with that. Those used to be really really popular and used to be one of the best ways to grow on Tik Tok. And although it's gone more to like a YouTube style talking to camera like I'm doing here, that doesn't mean that that shorter content doesn't work. And so I want you to experiment with those different things and try different things and take notice of what does work. Now the fourth thing to be successful is that we're not just going to guess about what content to post. We are going to emulate outlier videos. And what that means is we are not going to make stuff up. We are only going to post videos that we have already seen be successful on Tik Tok. And that means you're going to need to do a little bit of content research. And I'm going to show you how to make that really, really easy here in a second. But every single video you post for the next 30 days, whether you do 30 videos one a day, or you do 60 or 90 videos, posting two to three per day, every single video has to be a proven video someone has already had success with. Now, that doesn't mean that you are going to plagiarize their video and rip it off word for word or anything like that. But what it does mean is that you are going to use their viral video idea. You are going to use the same hook that they did and then you are going to share your perspective and tell it in your way with your personality. If you skip this step and you just guess and you just post whatever you want, you will not have success over this next 30 days. The reality is you don't know what good content is yet. And if you want to learn what good content is, you have to study good content. And one of the best ways to do that is by taking something that worked and making it yourself. And then you start to notice the patterns. You start to see the matrix. You start to understand why certain things work and why certain things don't. And that's going to put you in a position where 60, 90 days from now, you are going to be able to come up with your own unique viral video ideas. Now, I said I was going to make it really easy for you to find these outlier videos. So, first thing you need to know is what is an outlier video? Outlier video is just what it sounds like. It's when somebody gets way more views than they have followers or way more views than they normally get. So, an outlier would look like a creator that only gets 500 to 1,000 2,000 views every single time they post. But then they have a video that gets 30,000 50,000 or even 100,000 views. That's a video that was way more successful than them than normal. And that means that there's a lot of demand for that video. There was a lot of interest in it and it got a lot of people to stop scrolling and to watch the video. And so you should be able to make a similar video and have similar success. And it doesn't have to just be small creators. If you find a big creator and they're getting big views, you can do that, too. But what you have to be careful of is these creators that are getting 50 to 100,000 views on every single video, that 100,000 view video is not an outlier. An outlier for them is going to be half a million views or a million views. And so you just got to understand, is this an outlier for that creator? Now, with the established creators, there's something really cool that you can do for your content research with them. I'm going to share that a little bit later. So, make sure you stick around. But now that you know what an outlier video is, there's a couple of ways to find them. And the first one is that if you have creators that you really like and you look up to, maybe you go, "Hey, I want to be that kind of creator." Then you can just regularly look at their account and just see their recent videos and see if any of them have just popped off. And then you can add that to your list. Like you can just save it on TikTok and make your own version of it. But another thing that you can do is you can program your for you page to only show you the best viral outlier content. And the way you're going to do this, you're going to spend some time on your for you feed and every single video that comes up that is your niche that you've chosen to do for this challenge. You're going to watch that video all the way through. You're going to like it, maybe leave a comment, and then every video that is not part of your niche, you're going to click on it and say, "I'm not interested." And you're just going to do this for 5 to 10 minutes, close your app, bring it back open. And that quickly, it should have changed your for you feed to only be showing you niche videos. Now, if it hasn't, it's okay. Just repeat that process again. Once you've done it once or twice, you should be good to go. But this is going to make sure Tik Tok is showing you the best, most viral content. It's going to make it really easy for you to find these outliers. You just see a video, catches your attention, you know, this has a bunch of views. Click on that person's profile. It's going to take you to their profile, show you that exact video, and you can look at the videos around it to see, is this an outlier for them. The fifth thing that I want you to do is I want you to film in different locations. I would pick three to five locations in and around your house or wherever it is that you want to record. And this might seem like it's not a big deal, but it can actually have a big impact on your views because one of the first things that we have to do to be a successful creator is get people to stop scrolling and watch our video. And we're going to talk a lot about how do we get people to stop scrolling. And one of the easy ways to do that is the background. Like what's happening behind you? I know that when I record videos out on my patio out here that has this beautiful view of the Texas Hill Country and all of the ranches that are in the area around me because I'm up on this big hill that gets really good results. Like every time I post a video with that background, if I post the same video here in my office, the one in my office isn't going to do as well because it doesn't have the big beautiful blue sky and the green trees and fields from these ranches that just they're vibrant and they grab people's attention. And it's kind of like these videos that you've probably seen where people are inside of their cars and they're just talking to the camera like they're on a FaceTime with their friend. That is like a big trend all the way across Tik Tok. And it's because it works. It gets people's attention. They feel like, hey, this person was just hit. They were like inspired by this video. They had this idea and they posted it. And that might not be true or or not, but it gets people's attention. So, I want you to experiment with different things with different backgrounds and figure out where you're comfortable recording and what is working. And if you start to notice a trend, if you start to notice a pattern of one place working better than another, then you can double down on that and you can do more videos in that way, whether it's in your car or with a beautiful view or, you know, whatever it is that works for you. The sixth thing that you need to do on every single video in this challenge is you need to make sure that you always use text on screen. There's a couple of ways that we're going to do this, but you need to make sure you do it for every single video. And so the first way that we're going to do this is we are always going to use the auto captions. I don't really care which captions that you pick or how big or little they are, anything like that. But you want to have those captions there. That way people can read and hear what you're saying or understand what you're saying even if they're not able to listen. And this is going to happen a lot. I mean people might be watching your videos while they're sitting in their college class. I know I used to do stuff like that. And it's a lot easier to do that and get away with it if you have captions because you obviously can't have the volume on. But I mean me in my personal life, I'm watching videos when I'm standing in line at the grocery store waiting to check out or in the evening when my wife is watching the Bachelor whatever stupid show that I'm not interested in and I'm just scrolling through my feed watching videos. I want to be able to read what the person is saying because I'm not going to have the volume blaring and I might not want to have my headphones in while I'm sitting there, you know, spending time with my wife. So auto captions are a must. But the next one that you have to have is you need to have title text on the screen. And this is really simple, but it's non-negotiable. You need to have a written hook that goes above your head with some simple text to get people's attention. Because when they are scrolling through the feed, they're going to decide very quickly whether they want to watch your video or not. And when you have a title that's framed like a hook to make them curious, it's going to get their attention and let them understand what the video is about immediately. So they'll stop scrolling. They'll actually hear your verbal hook, the thing that it is that you're saying, and they'll continue watching the video. So using text on screen is important to get people to stop scrolling in the first place and then to keep their attention as long as possible. That way we can rack up that watch time and get pushed and get more views and have our videos shown to more people. All right, number seven. Focus on your hooks. One of the most important things in your video. You probably already know this because this is one of the things the gurus actually do get right and everybody talks about, but the hooks are not just what you say at the start of the video. It's also that title text that I was just talking about. Now, if you're following the rules of this 30-day plan, you're not going to have to worry about hooks too much because you're already going to be emulating that outlier content and you're going to be taking the exact hook that that creator did for that idea and you're going to be using it in your video. Now, if that video that you're emulating has a textbased title, you're going to want to use that, too. But if they don't, it's something that you're going to want to add because maybe that's an opportunity for you to get even more views than they do because you're going to be able to use that visual hook, that text, to get more people to stop scrolling and therefore get way more views. And so, in that instance, you're going to have to come up with your own hook. And to help you with that, I want to give you my viral hooks swipe file. I'm going to give it to you for free. This is something that my clients use. It's normally a paid product, but you can actually grab it now in the description. And this is just a great spreadsheet with a bunch of proven hooks that have gone viral repeatedly that you're going to be able to use for those textbased titles. And then in the future when maybe you're coming up with your own verbal hooks for the video ideas that you have. And the spreadsheet also comes with a companion video that's going to show you exactly how I use it to get the best results. So go ahead and grab it and let's move on to the next thing. Number eight is that you need to make sure you're using the right hashtags. And I want to clear up a few things about hashtags before we get into this because you may or may not have noticed that not everyone uses hashtags. And the reality is you don't have to use hashtags if you don't want to. You're going to see that a lot of these big creators don't use them at all. And that's because they've gotten their account categorized and they're established and they realize that it it doesn't matter at that point. And the other thing that you need to understand is that the hashtag itself is not going to make you go viral. If you have the perfect combination of hashtags, you're not going to get a ton more views from it. The idea still has to be good. The hook still has to be good. You still have to stop the scroll, get engagement, get a ton of watch time. That's what gets you the views. The only thing that the hashtags are going to help you do is get categorized a little bit faster because it's another signal that you can send to the algorithm to say, "Hey, this is what my account is about. This is my niche. This is my topic." And once you understand that, you can go show my videos to the right people that are going to watch them the whole way through. So, you don't have to use hashtags in order to be successful, but it's definitely this thing that you can leverage to kind of get results faster. And I would recommend using them in this next 30 days. So, here are my rules for your hashtag strategy. The first rule is that you should not use more than five hashtags because if you're using more than five hashtags, you're probably going to be confusing the algorithm because it's covering too many topics. The second rule is that you only want to use the hashtags that Tik Tok recommends. And so what you're going to do is you're actually going to go and search keywords related to your niche or topic inside of Tik Tok. And then if you scroll all the way to the right, and I don't know if I'm pointing right or left in my video right now, but if you scroll all the way to the right on your screen, you'll have that hashtag section. And that's where Tik Tok says, these are the hashtags that we want you to use. Now, don't just grab any of the hashtags. This is the important part here. Rule number three. You want to be looking for hashtags that have less than a million uses. If they have a million uses, you're going to be drowned out in the flood of all the videos there. So, we don't want to do that. We want to stand out. So, we're going to be looking for hashtags that have 10,000 to 100,000 uses. You could go up to, let's say, about quarter million to a half a million, but the sweet spot is 10,000 to 100,000. Now, if you find a really big hashtag that you want to use, like Tik Tok growth that has tons and tons of views, and so that's not going to work too well, you can always add like a longtail keyword to it. So, you might turn it into Tik Tok growth for beginners or Tik Tok growth in 2025. That is going to shrink the amount of uses because it's longtail and that's going to help you to find these hashtags. Rule number nine for the next 30 days is that you will respond to every single comment on your profile. This is huge and too many people don't do this. And the reason it's so important is because engagement helps drive views and it also creates more watch time. Every single time somebody comments on one of your videos, the Tik Tok video keeps playing. And so that's increasing the watch time. And so if you respond to that comment, especially if you respond to a comment with like an open-ended question to invite them to comment again, then you're going to get more and more engagement. It's playing while you're sitting there commenting, then they come back. It's playing again. And so you're more likely to get more views. The other thing it's going to do is it's going to create and invite more engagement because most creators are not responding to comments. And the big creators, maybe they used to, but they just don't have the time anymore. But when the people that see your video go check out the comments and see that you're personally responding to all of the questions and all of the comments, they are going to be more likely to leave a comment or ask a question of you. And that means more engagement. And that means more watch time, and that means more views. And yes, this is going to take a little bit of time, but this is one of the big things that allowed me to grow from 0 to 30,000 subscribers on my YouTube in my first year. And it was one of the things that allowed me to go from 0 to 50,000 in just a couple of months on TikTok. And so, I want you to take advantage of this. Do the thing that most people aren't going to do. And if you have a really good question, if somebody that you're able to like turn into a video, use that video reply feature. It is amazing. And all you got to do reply to that comment, record a short video, post it, consider that a bonus piece of content for the day or save it in your draft so you can post it tomorrow. But that content is great and a lot of times if somebody's asking a question or you're seeing the same question repeatedly, that is an incredible topic for your videos. So I still want you to only do outlier content at least once per day for every day of the 30 days. But if you have good comments, make a bonus video and don't worry about that one being an outlier. Just respond to that. start creating more engagement, more excitement around your account for your followers. The 10th thing that you need to do during this entire 30-day challenge is you need to remake your top videos. If you have a video that really stands out and is almost like an outlier for you where all of a sudden maybe you get 10,000 views or something like that, as soon as those views start to slow down and stop, I want you to make that video again. Okay? Now, you might be worried that if you post the exact same video again, if you remake that video, that your followers are going to get sick of it. But that's probably not the case because the first thing is that when you make that video a second time, you're probably going to say it and describe it a little bit differently. And so your followers who started following you because they liked that content, they're not going to mind seeing it again because that's what they wanted to see in the first place, but also because since you're explaining it a little bit differently, they might hearing it a different way understand better. Maybe that allows them to have an aha moment or to get better results. But the big reason that I want you to do this is because Tik Tok does not show your content to your followers first like Instagram or YouTube. It's showing your content to 200 to 300 people on the for you page. And although that might have a percentage of them that are your followers, most likely it's going to have 95 to 98% of people that have never discovered you before. And so if you have a video that did really well for you, maybe you're only getting 500 views, maybe max 1,000 views, maybe you're stuck at 200 views, and then you have a video that gets 10,000 views, when you post it again, if it worked that first time, it's probably going to work the second time. And now the algorithm is going to figure out, okay, this is the kind of video that you produce. I understand. I can categorize you. I can show you to the right people. And then new people are going to discover that successful video. And if the first group liked it, that group's probably going to like it, too. And this is the secret to how all the big accounts end up growing as fast as they do. They find through that experimentation and through, you know, emulating the outliers, all those things, they find their proven videos. They figure out the ideas and the topics and the hooks that work for them over and over and over. And they start making those videos repeatedly. And I talked earlier about how you can go and you can look at accounts and see like what has stood out from them, you know, in in the past. and it works really well with the small creators. And there was a trick with the big creators. Well, the trick with the big creators is that if you go to their account and you sort by popular videos, you're going to start seeing that there might be certain videos that they've made three, four, five times. That's them remaking their best content, knowing that it's going to get them discovered by a whole bunch of new people and that it's going to work every single time. So when you see that kind of content from a big creator, that's a signal even if they, you know, have a ton of views all the time, that's a signal that that's a content you should be making and should probably be be repeatedly making as well. Now, the last thing that I want to touch on is the algorithm. I want to explain to you a little bit about how the algorithm works because I don't want you to go into this thinking like, "Okay, cool. I'm going to follow these 10 rules over the 30 days and I'm going to start getting massive views on day one." Because that might not happen. It's a 30-day challenge and a 30-day plan for a reason. Because it's going to take time to build up momentum, to get your account categorized, to learn how to use some of these skills to actually start getting the results and build up to where you're getting the views and you're getting those 100 followers per day. The first thing that you need to know about the algorithm is that it is perfectly normal if you post a video and you're getting views and it suddenly stops. And a lot of times, it's going to suddenly stop at around 200 to 300 views because that's the algorithm sample audience. It's basically throwing your video out there and comparing it to other similar videos on the topic to see which video gets the most watch time and engagement. And so it's you versus these other creators and whichever one does better is going to get pushed further. And this happens all over the place. So if you you might get stuck at 500 or a,000 or 5,000 or 10,000 like you're going to have this kind of range where you tend to stop at and that's perfectly normal. So if you feel like, hey, I got a viral video and it gets to about 15,000 views and then it just dies. There's nothing wrong. That's how the algorithm was intended to work. So, don't worry about it. Especially because that video that was successful and then died. It might resurface later as it starts to appear in search or people go and start binging your content and so then you have a bunch of people getting high watch time and it kind of triggers it to start again. And because of this behavior of the views suddenly stopping, even if you're only getting 200 to 300 views at first, I want you to stick to the plan. I don't want you to give up. I want you to commit to doing this for 30 days because it's perfectly perfectly normal and it is going to improve. And so what I want you to focus on instead is I want to f you to focus on the actions that will lead to the results. I want you to focus on showing up and posting every single day. I want you to focus on implementing these 10 things that I talked about in every single video. Because if you focus on that, if you just get a calendar and you go, "Okay, if I post one video with all 10 of these things in it every single day and I'm going to get an X on that and you chain that together for 30 days straight," things are going to start to snowball. You're going to see the results and it's going to come over time because the keys to getting like the most important things to getting the views on TikTok are consistency and categorization. When you get categorized, they start showing your videos to the right people that are more likely to watch. And when you're consistent, you're a consistent creator that posts every single day the way Tik Tok wants you to, they actually give you like bonus views. They start to push your account. They start to uh let's say rank your account. And if your account has like a higher ranking than another account, maybe a new creator or somebody who tends to post for a week and then they don't post for a few days and then they post a day or two and then they don't post, like that person's going to have a lower rating. And so all things being equal, they're going to push you over that other one. And so being consistent will lead to more views. categorization will lead to more views. And if you do these 10 things over the next 30 days, you're going to get those views and followers. Now, these are just the basics of how the algorithm works. So, I want you to watch this video next to learn how to make the Tik Tok algorithm love you and push all of your videos. Because if you can understand the algorithm, you're going to have a very very easy time of getting the growth that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeYanda [33 likes]: 👉 Want my plug-and-play funnel that turns views into paying clients — automatically? Click here to get it (and my bonus training) 100% FREE: https://www.gohighlevel.com/myanda?fp_ref=ddh44
  2. @masabrajput311 [1 likes]: Honestly, IPweb is one of the most consistent platforms for micro-tasks. The best part is they process withdrawals in just 30 minutes!
  3. @CastardGirl: Hello everyone. I am so impressed with this platform [IPWEB]. If you are tired of looking for daily payments on real and legit platforms, then I am cutting it short for you by trying IPWEB for a long time and making money every day.
  4. @SaadiMostofa-n5r: Really insightful 30-day TikTok growth plan! I appreciate how the steps are broken down so clearly—it feels practical and motivating. I’ve also been using IPweb for promotion and verification, and this video connects perfectly with the strategies I’m applying there. Excited to put these tips into action 🚀
  5. @situtul7002: Great Post
  6. @kaity999: The examples in this video made it easier to understand why some TikTok accounts suddenly take off. IPweb
  7. @AURORA65-s1l: This was honestly one of the clearest TikTok growth videos I’ve seen in a while. A lot of people only focus on getting views, but you explained audience retention, consistency, and content strategy in a way that actually makes sense. I’ve been trying to improve my TikTok page recently, and these tips gave me some new ideas to test. I’m also looking into tools like IPweb to support engagement and growth alongside better content.
  8. @miavai420: These TikTok growth tips are actually super helpful! I've been experimenting with organic reach and combining it with platforms like IPweb to boost engagement. Working great so far
  9. @বাংলারনবাব.256Kviews.1hoursago: Great lost. Ip web is best erning site
  10. @OfficiallyJoey1: I was on Tiktok 2 years ago in 2 months I got to 15k followers I've come off for nearly 2 years I been back 2 months and I'm stuck in 300 view jail I'm posting dance content 3 times a day with hooks and effects why's nothing working
  11. @Mr.Gaming75: Great insights on the 2026 algorithm. I’ve been using IPweb to stay consistent with social tasks, but having a concrete posting strategy like this makes the whole process much more effective.
  12. @jamespina588: The Best ... IpWeb
  13. @বাংলারনবাব.256Kviews.1hoursago: Ip web is best
  14. @SubraPriyaShorts: Wow superb video. Your video are very interesting and helpful. I am impressed. IPweb love
  15. @rhremon8980: Awesome tips for TikTok growth! I've also been using IPweb to boost my social media engagement, and it’s been really helpful.
  16. @gamingtamim8383: Fist point bro, Ipweb under video.
  17. @RimshaMunir-c8v: Good information
  18. @JoyKumar-q4v: I’ve actually done number 10 once with a video having six hundred thousand views and I remade it and the second time it got 200 hundred thousand so it works really
  19. @JoyKumar-q4v: Wow.. I love this.
To everyone reading this, I pray that God guides your steps, protects you from what you cannot see, and provides for you in ways beyond your understanding this week.
  20. @dizzyshock4363: When you say a specific topic does that also mean a specific game like i cant be posting about valorant one day then kingdom hearts the next?

- Blow Up on TikTok in 30 Days: Kind: captions Language: en Here's how to fix your broken Tik Tok algorithm in 30 days. This is the exact 30-day volume sprint to force the algorithm to promote you, even if you're stuck at 200 views. Most creators think the Tik Tok algorithm is random and based on luck. They post sporadically, get stuck in 200 view jail, and assume their content just isn't good enough. But what if I told you the problem isn't your content. it's that you haven't given the algorithm enough [music] data. By following this specific 100 videos in 30 days protocol, you can teach Tik Tok exactly who your audience is and force the algorithm to push you to thousands of new viewers. And this isn't just theory. I use this exact framework to grow from zero to 680,000 followers on Tik Tok in less than 2 years. I didn't get lucky. I didn't dance. I don't have fancy videos. I don't have fancy equipment. I just executed this plan I'm about to give you. I call it my 100 video volume sprits. We're going to cover the niche lockdown rule that fixes your account categorization. My method for finding and copying viral Tik Tok hooks. This is really important when you're a brand new creator. You don't know what good looks like yet. So, the best thing you can do is copy proven hooks from other creators. And I'm going to show you a custom GPT you can use to also help brainstorm hooks and help you write scripts. And then we're going to cover the velocity rule of engagement that signals to the algorithm to push your content out further. Then we're going to talk about how do you actually hit 100 videos in 30 days. How much editing do you have to do? How much work does it take? This is a brute force growth plan if you are stuck being in 200 view jail. If you don't know me, my name is Sabrina Rammanov. I teach AI for free to millions of people and I previously built and sold an AI company for millions of dollars. This is a really fun video for me to make because I've enjoyed a lot of growth on Tik Tok and everybody asks me how do you do it. So, first let's talk about the math of verality. This video is for you if you are ready to dominate Tik Tok in 2026. And the goal is simple. 100 videos in 30 days. That's roughly 3 to four videos every single day. Now, why so many? Because volume negates luck. You don't have to get lucky when you have so many videos that you're putting out there on a regular basis. And honestly, you get much more data faster when you post more. Tik Tok doesn't punish you for posting more, whereas other social platforms do punish you if you post too often. And Tik Tok gives you all the data you need to optimize every single post. So you can post three to four times a day, get the data you need to see what worked, what didn't work, and then double down on what worked in your next batch of videos. Every single day is precious in this 30-day challenge that we're going to start posting today. Step one, the niche lockdown. For the next 30 days, you are allowed to choose only one topic. If you post a cooking video on Monday and a business tip on Tuesday, you are confusing the Tik Tok algorithm. Our goal is to train Tik Tok on who our audience is so that Tik Tok knows who to show our videos to and our videos are much more likely to resonate when we are targeting the right people. Okay? So, pick one topic and stick to it. If you want to experiment with other topics, do it on another account. Don't touch this account. Step two after choosing your niche is to master the viral hook. Alex Formoszia says he spends 95% of his time and effort on the hook because it's that important. you are competing against brain rot and dance videos and super crazy entertaining hilarious stuff. They need to have a reason to finish watching it until the end. If a viewer doesn't stop scrolling, your content doesn't exist. The easiest way for a beginner to master the hook, and this is what I did when I first started out, is I learned from other people's viral videos. I just consumed lots of viral videos in my niche in order to understand what hooks actually resonated. So, the hook is the most important piece of your content and it includes the text that's visual in your video. It includes what you're saying and includes any visual props that would grab somebody's attention. It's that first 5 10 seconds of your video. So, here are common hook frameworks and examples that you've probably seen if you browse social media. For example, a pattern interrupt that begins with a surprising visual authority builder. Mention a widely held belief but also why people are wrong. unpopular opinion. For example, problem agitate. Just call out a really painful problem. Hidden secret like these chat GPT prompts feel illegal to know. Before and after transformations, for example, before a weight loss program, after a weight loss program, right? Educational hook, social proof. I previously sold a company for millions of dollars and here are 19 lessons I've learned by the age of 19. Mythbuster, quick win, and FOMO. So, the there are lots of different hook frameworks. I've also put together, and you can grab this in the video description, this curated list of over 1,000 viral hooks scraped from Tik Tok and Instagram. Okay, so this list is super awesome. It's kind of overwhelming. So, I actually took this scraped list and put it into a GPT, and I'll show you how that works in a bit, but first, let's look at some viral videos in a particular niche. So, let's say we go to Tik Tok. So, let's say you're going to make videos about personal finance or finance tips. So, just search finance on Tik Tok and then scroll through this list and pay attention to which videos jump out at you. Like maybe it's this finance habits to do when you turn 18. Three finance tips every girl should know about. Finance is easy. I kind of like this one and how raw it is. Get ahead financially as an average person. So, go ahead and click on that. And what you're going to do when you find a video like this is go ahead and listen to the first 10 seconds of the video. That's the hook. This is the visual text hook. So it's here. And then kind of the visual hook is just like him sitting in a car. So it feels really authentic and raw. So what you're going to do when I say copy this person's hook is literally in your video. So you're going to make a video on this exact topic getting head financially as an average person. But of course you're going to share what you really think about that. The way to think about this is even though we're copying the hook, the title, if you gave that same prompt to 10 different finance experts, they would give you 10 very different answers. So, you can think of the hook as the prompt for your educational spiel, right? So, we're going to take a video that and film it basically exactly like this. And then we're going to use this exact title. We can also expand the description here and look at some relevant hashtags he's using. #landlord, #realtor, #house. So that's So step three is actually creating your video. So we found this viral video and now how do we actually translate this into our own content. So like I said before, we're going to take this person's hook, get ahead financially as an average person, and then we're going to write the rest of our script. Now, I've noticed a lot of people try to script stuff in the beginning. And I think that's fine when you're just starting out cuz like you're not really sure what to say. But in my personal opinion, you come across as like way more natural if you ignore the script and just have talking points or bullet points for your video content. So, let me show you what I mean. Let's go to chat GPT. Go to explore GPTs and then search for viral hooks for short videos. And you should see mine here. Viral hooks for short videos over 50,000 conversations. Okay. Open it up like this and then click start chat. And this is basically the GPT I built which contains all of these viral Tik Tok and Instagram hooks. So this GPT knows all of these hooks and can brainstorm them. And we can also use this GPT to help us write the rest of our script. Let's say our hook is get ahead financially as an average person. Now remember, we're going to use that exact same hook and title, the exact positioning, the exact colors when we film our video. But this GPT is just going to help you create additional talking points for your script. Give me my 30 secondond viral based on this topic. So you can write something like this. Another variation of this, by the way, is ask me three questions about this topic, then outputs a 30-cond viral script. This is a really cool variation as well. So this first variation, it will just output a viral Tik Tok script. And by the way, like countless people have gone viral using this exact GBT, trained on thousands of viral hooks from Tik Tok and Instagram. So what it's saying here is we're going to use this person's visual and hook as our first 5 seconds. And then here's the rest of the script. You don't need a six figure salary to get ahead, just a smarter plan. Here's how average people are leveling up in 2026. And then this variation is really nice, too. So, if you have really specific knowledge or a really unique opinion, this is going to ask you three questions about the hook, about the topic, answer them just like you normally would. And then it's going to output a really personalized script that's in your voice and has your perspective. So, let's say our target audience is mid-career millennials who feel burnt out. I am a millennial. So, what's your personal experience or angle sharing my story? What's your goal with the video? Let's just say get more views. And now this GPT is going to create that 30 secondond viral Tik Tok script. Here's how to get ahead financially as an average person. I'm 35, no trust fund, no side hustle. I'm just burnt out from working forever and feeling stuck. If you're mid-career, exhausted, and wondering how the hell people are affording anything. Yeah, same. Okay, your business is strong. Um, and so what you want to do is obviously tweak this so it's your words and your language, right? Don't just like read it from chat GPT because that's awkward. And also people can detect that, but use this as a starting point. For example, this CTA may not make sense depending on what you're doing, depending on where you're trying to drive people. So tweak this to your liking and then go ahead and film the video. So again, you want it like proportioned just the way he has it. Like notice how his face is there. His body is kind of visible in the frame. He's in a very casual setting. And then the title over is down at the bottom. White background, black font. Copy the hook. Exactly. Don't change anything. Just copy it exactly. But what's different is going to be your insight, your perspective and stuff from this script. And again, don't don't copy chat GPT exactly. This was just an example. Um, when you answer Chad GPT's questions, you would put more context than what I've put here, right? Okay, let's just find another example. This one, one day ago, 27,000 views. Boom. Getting rich without getting up. That's a great hook. And then you can see I like how he has captions at the bottom here. Um, captions do help a lot of folks who are not necessarily listening to the audio of your video. And look at his positioning here. He's like super casual with a laptop in front of him laying in bed, right? So, this is great. I honestly don't listen to entire videos. I just look at that first 5 to 10 seconds for inspiration. And that's all you have to do as well. You don't have to take anything that this person is saying, take the hook. So, he has this title up here. Again, white background, black font. Don't change this. Don't be clever. He has like a subtext here. And then he has captions right here. Super readable because he's wearing a black shirt. Okay? So, just copy that to the best of your ability, right? and then use this GPT for brainstorming viral hooks and writing viral scripts. You can have it output the script directly or give you bullet points or you can have it ask you questions first like what do you think about this topic? You reply and then it outputs a viral Tik Tok script. In general, I'm not a big fan of like scripting contents. I kind of just say what's on my mind. However, for beginners, I understand there's a lot of like anxiety and confusion about how to do this. So, in the beginning, just follow this process. So, just to recap, we searched for our keyword. Let's say it's finance. We paid attention to videos that really caught our attention. Here's another really good one. Okay? Three finance tips every girl should know about. And we're going to just watch that first 10 seconds and pay attention to the hook they're using. We're going to copy that hook to the best of our ability, not the person's content. I have no idea what their advice is. I just really like the hook, the way they're stopping my scroll and grabbing my attention. And then we're going to use this free GPT to help us write the rest of our script, the rest of our bullet points. And I honestly recommend this one if you have like a pretty unique perspective or domain expertise because this allows you to share your perspective first and then the GPT will format it into a viral 30 secondond script. All right, so now you've filmed your video, you're ready to go, you've copied the hook, you've have an awesome script with the help of this GPT. Now people ask me, "Well, what do I write in the description? and what do I write for my hashtags? Okay, so let's take a look at this video as an example. So, the video is about three finance tips every girl should know about from a female engineer who makes six figures. Okay, the description is pretty similar. Three personal finance tips every girl should know. FYI, it's taken me years to become financially literate, so give yourself grace. And then she has hashtags here that are relevant to the topic. Personal finance, finance tips, financial literacy, and budgeting. Okay, so I basically do the same thing. So this description, you can think of it as what the search engines are going to index and what people are going to search for. Surprisingly, when I look at some of my viral videos, up to 30% of traffic comes from people searching on Tik Tok. So they're like searching ChatGpt prompts or finance tips and then they find your video. That's how you can get videos that just keep growing and growing over many months and don't stop. And so what I would put in the description is just two or three sentences expanding on the topics in your video. You could take the script from chat2 and just paste it into the description. And then for the hashtags, you don't want to use overly generic hashtags like # fyp. You want to collect three to five hashtags in your space and you use them again and again. For example, in the AI space, I pretty much use the same couple of hashtags again and again. Hash AI, # artificial intelligence, # chatgpt, # AI tools, #automation. And make sure they're pretty big hashtags, like ideally over 500,000 uses for each one. The best thing to do, honestly, is to open a bunch of these viral videos in your niche and just look at what hashtags you're using. If I was in finance, these four would be absolutely perfect already. Let's open another one just to check. Getting rich without getting up. So, we looked at this video earlier. This was one day ago. Tons of views already. Budget, personal finance, and learn on Tik Tok. I've had good experiences with hashtag learning as well or educational type of content on Tik Tok. But don't over complicate the hashtags. You can only choose up to five anyway. So, just choose the hashtags that seem like they fit really well for your niche. personal finance, finance tips, budgets. Just to recap everything we've talked about, step one is locking down your niche. Remember, you're going to choose only one topic and you're going to teach the Tik Tok algorithm about this topic so it can figure out who to show your content to. Step two is mastering that viral hook. Like I said, Horoszi spends 95% of his time and effort on that first 5 to 10 seconds. What you're going to do is search for the keyword in your niche, find viral videos that already have a proven hook, and you're going to copy their hook exactly, that first 10 seconds. Copy the text exactly, the color of the text, the positioning of the text, the size of the text, and then you're going to use the GPT that I showed you to help you write the bullet points for your script. You would put your input, spin it with your perspective, and then we talked about the description and hashtags. People way over complicate this. it's not really going to make or break your viral video. But make sure to use hashtags that are actually relevant to your audience and to your niche. And the easiest way to do that is to just open other viral videos in your niche and check out which hashtags they're using. The next thing that's really important, and I confess I don't do this often, but I did an experiment in the past couple of days where I experimented with commenting immediately to replies on my post versus not commenting at all. And obviously, when I'm super super engaged and commenting immediately right after I drop a post, those videos tend to do much better than videos where I post and ghost. So, what you want to do is when you post your video, spend the next 15, even 30 minutes, if you have 30 minutes to reply to every single person commenting. So, if you look here on the right hand side, there's tons of replies here. What you want to do is like heart each reply, okay? Click reply, type something, and ideally ask a question to get that person to come back and give you an answer. Because that activity of people coming back and forth and spending more time on your video, that activity signals to the Tik Tok algorithm that your video is interesting and that it should show it to more people. Especially if you have a video that sparks conversation and debate, those do extremely well. That's why there are tactics like rage baiting just to get people to comment something on your video. Um, this is also a fun way to use visual props. Let's open another finance video. This one has 1.7 million likes, which is crazy. And you can see like all the replies here. So, this is great. There's a lot of engagement on this video. And that's what Tik Tok likes. Like, the more people actually engage for real on a video, the more entertaining it is. Like, how many times have you gone down a rabbit hole just reading the comments of a video, right? That's why rage baiting kind of is a popular technique, unfortunately. But there are ways to kind of do that in an ethical kind of fun way. So, another technique is to do something that's like visually jarring that people absolutely have to comment on. Um, so I forget the name of this Tik Tocker, but there's one person who will have like a really expensive purse in her videos and she leaves it wide open and everyone in the comments is like, "Close your purse. Protect your purse. Oh my gosh, like they're they're freaking out about this." And so, you can brainstorm all kinds of like fun visual things that you can do to get people to comment and engage as well. I I personally don't do a lot of that, but if I was purely optimizing for Tik Tok, like if I was in a low point and I wanted to climb out of it, definitely having some kind of like hook that sparks conversation and engagement is a huge huge thing for videos that do well. And the very last step is to look at the performance of the videos you've been posting and remake your winners. So what I mean by that, you go to one of my videos. So I made this last week. what happens when you ask Chachi to make as much money as possible and it did really well. So I ended up remaking it but I made it with respect to using chatt to improve your resume. So what happens when you ask chatt to write your resume make you unrejectable and this one is doing really well as well way better than the original one and even chat gpt their official account reposted this video. So that's an example of just like looking at what has been performing well and then doubling down on that format just put a new twist on it. So instead of money I posted this video about using chat PT to improve your resume and it also contained three prompts which is what I had in the original video. So that's a way to kind of repurpose your winners or put a new spin on the formats that are working really well. Now this is really important to understand. People call this 200 view jail. Don't panic. That actually means your account is healthy. Shadowbanned is something I would be concerned about. That looks like getting fewer than 100 views for 10 videos in a row. Most people aren't shadowbanned, though. As long as you're getting two to 300 views for each video, your account is perfectly healthy. But what that means is Tik Tok is showing your video to a small group of two to 300 people and it is not performing well for that group. So, this could be a combination of your content is just bad, which is normal when you're beginning, so don't freak out, or it could be the wrong audience, right? We've talked a lot about choosing one niche, figuring out the keywords and stuff, choosing hooks from other viral videos in your niche. All of that helps with targeting. So, what you want to do is obviously make better content or make the best quality content you possibly can, but also teach the Tik Tok algorithm whom it should be showing your content to. When those two things are aligned, you get consistently high-erforming videos. So, here's the 30-day challenge. You have the plan. Choose one niche, make 100 videos within the next 30 days. Don't worry about view counts or anything like that. Just make sure you're following the process and executing the reps when you're starting out. You don't need to make videos longer than 30 seconds because like the more time you spend on a video, then the more you are prone to burn out when videos flop and don't perform well. So, one niche, 100 videos, 30 days, follow the exact process I've outlined here. In terms of technical questions like, do you need a separate camera, a separate microphone, a separate ring light, an editor, a fancy editing tool? Well, the answer to all of that is no. Literally, I know I'm an AI. I love AI. I showed you how to use Chat GPT. You can literally use a Chat GPT free account. Okay? You don't need to pay for anything for this challenge. In fact, I encourage you not to pay for anything because I notice people use it as a crutch. Uh they kind of like think, "Oh, because I paid for this, it's going to be a silver bullet." No, we're going to remove all of that. Don't pay for anything. Use Chat GBC for free. You're going to use the Tik Tok native mobile app to film. So, just film yourself talking. Copy the hook that is viral in your niche and then write this script with chat GPT and then basically just hold up your phone with bullet points right behind your phone and hit film. All you have to do is edit out any messups and then put the title just like in the viral video you're copying, put some captions, put the description and hashtags and post. Filming a video from start to finish usually doesn't take me more than 15, max 20 minutes per video. So, you can absolutely do three, even four videos a day if you're absolutely serious about this. Even if it takes you a little longer than 30 days, get to your 100 videos. You're going to learn so much and be such a better creator by the end of it. So, I wish you the best of luck. This will absolutely blow up your Tik Tok accounts in 2026 if you follow every single step I've outlined here. And don't forget to hit like and hit subscribe if you want more content like

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlotteareahomesbyleslie4698 [1 likes]: In terms of niche, how far do you drill down? For example, I'm a realtor -- should the niche be real estate in general? Or be more specific, like--first time buyers, relocation buyers, buy/sell, selling a condo/townhouse, probate sales, etc.  Thanks for your help!
  2. @FranDean-Bishop [1 likes]: I can't wait to try this framework Sabrina. I'm new to tiktok so your framework truly helps guide me through the process.
  3. @Media_Florence [1 likes]: That is amazing content. Do you do 1:1 consultations ?
  4. @Boss-k6c [1 likes]: 😅 I tried this exact thing, posting daily with AI edits, hooks, trends, convinced 30 days would change my life. It blew up a bit and still didn’t pay my bills. Watching videos like this brings back that mixed hope and disappointment. I’m not usually commenting but what finally made growth matter wasn’t blowing up, it was having something ready when attention hits. I found Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale through a creator chat and first month surprised me around 10k with way less stress. Now I’m hovering 18k–26k months and viral potential actually excites me instead of stressing me out, leaving this here quietly
  5. @HiboSaidMoussaCornejo-j9w: I have an important question what if I want a faceless process?Sabrina what is your advice.
  6. @marmiteyt7817: Dear Sabina, thank you so much for your precious sharing. Because of your video,I just created my TikTok account. I followed you the very first time on my account. You are my first follower too. I’m so touched and motivated. I have just uploaded my first video.  Many thanks again❤
  7. @CreativelyLisa: Can you use the same videos for TT  and IG?
  8. @elizabethlegere: For the challenge, should I set up a new brand TikTok as a business, or personal creator, for the most views and best tools? I am running my new brand as a business, not a personal influencer or anything like that. Within your methodology, does TikTok care if I set up as business or personal/creator?
  9. @talkingballs: Just found this. Do you have a new 50% off affiliate code?
  10. @cortexlens26: I am doing as you guided, Sabrina. I hope it works for me!
  11. @boxtotalstyle: Thanks for the content, this was really helpful. I started posting 5 videos a day about two weeks ago for our clothing brand Box Total — it has boxing heritage and we’re trying to bring something different to TikTok. The hardest part is affiliates. Creators only seem to join when other affiliates are already posting. How do you get that first wave started when you’re at zero? Most of our videos sit around 200–300 views, a couple hit 600–700, but we can’t seem to get the engagement to push them further. We’re pushing from every angle but still struggling to break through.
  12. @ManuelFake: Great video, thanks! You could probably repurpose the TikTok videos for Instagram as well, right? What do you think?
  13. @stopusingcoffee: Question when you say pick one topic, are you saying one topic like cooking videos or are you saying one topic like how to cook a hamburger repeatedly?
  14. @benchataalpha2494: Can I do Faceless videos with Blotato?
  15. @Racoonical: You are amazing Sabrina, thank you!
  16. @varbed: Thank you for this video, it’s very educational. I have a quick question: when we join the Blotato platform, do we receive support if we get stuck or have questions?
I’m currently working on creating content (both text and video) and distributing it across different platforms, and I have a few questions about the process. If we join, would we be able to ask you for guidance when needed?
Also, does your system create written content (text) as well, or is it mainly focused on video?
Thank you in advance!
  17. @ronnienorris8527: I really enjoy your video and I saved it to my gallery for further teaching use your video teaching method have our teaching session
  18. @AkunnaCynthia-jz5jy: I like your content
  19. @Ola-m6l: Very intersting content
  20. @Макс-д3щ7ь: Very useful

- Blow Up On TikTok FAST! (He got 12,000 Followers OVERNIGHT): Kind: captions Language: en I gave Chris one video idea and he ended up getting 18.9 million views and over 12,000 followers with a brand new Tik Tok account so I'm going to show you the three things that you need to blow up on Tik Tok just like Chris and the first one is that you need to reduce the swipe rate on your videos and if you're one of those people that's always saying like I make great quality content but I'm still stuck at 200 views then this is most likely what your problem is the first second of your video is the most important part of your video because if I don't know you and I see your video in the feed and you don't grab me then I'm going to swipe past your video so you have to find a way to stand out on the feed and the biggest weapon that you have when posting on Tik Tok is putting text on the screen using it to grab people's attention visually when people see your video in the feed you have one second to let them know what your video is about and why they should care that way they will actually watch it and the reason that text and visuals are so important is because most people are watching Tik Tok on silent they're watching at work or standing in line at the grocery store or while sitting on the couch drinking bourbon while their wife watches Bachelor just me okay if you do a good job with the text on screen the viewer is going to be able to know what the video is about without actually having to watch it but you don't want to be too direct either because one of the most effective way ways to get somebody to watch your video is to use curiosity as human people when we are curious about something we have to scratch that itch that's why when somebody says like o smell this you have to take a whiff even though you know it's going to be awful when we are curious about something we just don't have the ability to not find out and you want to leverage that every time you make a video and to help you I'm going to give you this simple formula and I want you to do this every single video It's called curiosity benefits and it works like this get the result without the pain get the result by doing weird thing for example lose 20 lb without exercising or lose 20 lb eating tacos every single day you want to use curiosity and I want you to start treating the beginning of your videos that first second like you would a title and thumbnail on YouTube you should start spending as much time planning the very start of your video as you do planning out the entire rest of the video because if you aren't getting people's attention and they are swiping past your videos that means they aren't watching your videos in the first place and so no matter how good your video is they aren't watching it you're not getting the watch time you're not getting the views last thing on this every time you post a video you have the option to the right of where you write your description to create a cover and you should be putting text on that so that way when somebody discovers one of your viral videos and they go to check out your profile they can very easily see this thumbnail that tells them what that video is about and they can click on the ones that they are interested in this is a very simple thing that a lot of people don't do it's going to allow people to binge your content so you can get more views and grow a more loyal following the next thing that you need to improve is your video retention and specifically when you look in the analytics it's going to say average watch time and that's because average watch time is the number one factor that determines whether your videos are going to get pushed and you are going to get a lot of views not likes not comments not any other metrics average watch time and it's going to take way more average watchtime percentage than you think it will in order to get pushed and for videos under a minute you need to be pretty dang close to 100% watch time so your retention is pretty important and I want to give you some tips on how to figure out your retention so you can get more views the first thing is that you need to make sure that you're making all of your content for one specific type of person that way you can Leverage The algorithm and it'll actually work for you get clear clear on who your content is for and how you're helping them and always make content for that specific person and the algorithm will start to figure out who it is and show your videos to more people like that and that alone since you're creating relevant content for a specific person is going to increase your watch time because that specific person will be interested cuz it's relevant and they will watch more you also need to be experimenting with different types of video formats 7-second video 30 second video minute plus video I understand that creativity program beta only pays out on videos that are over a minute long but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't be creating shorter video too you need to experiment to see which video length and which types of videos are actually going to be the ones that get you the growth that you want and a lot of times as a new Creator it's going to be easier to get that high average watchtime percentage when you're creating shorter videos because you don't have to hold their attention as long and one of the best ways to improve your retention and get better at creating videos that people watch for a long time is to do your competitor research most new creators just start making whatever it is that they want to do when they should be going out there figuring out what's already working and learning from that and so I want you to find a bunch of people that create the kind of content that you want to create and I want you to look for Gateway videos and a Gateway video is going to be an outlier for their account so if they're always getting between 2 and 10,000 views and then all of a sudden they have a video that they posted 5 days ago that has 50,000 views that is an outlier that is way more views than they normally get and that is going to be a Gateway video because you know it works and it is a potential gateway to you getting the big views if you create your version of that video and so early on I want you to find these Gateway videos and I want you to make your version of them use the exact title that they have on the video use the hook that they have and then put your spin on the idea this is going to help you figure out what works on the platform because Tik Tok is its own unique Beast and the things that are working on YouTube shorts that are working on Instagram reals don't always work on Tik Tok the algorithm values different metrics and different things and so you need to figure out what is working on this platform that you're trying to grow on so early on you should just be trying to to make your version of as many successful viral videos in your space as you possibly can as long as they are relevant to the specific person you're creating content for and this is exactly what happened with Chris that I mentioned at the very beginning of this video he was asking me some questions in the comments of my videos so I did about 30 seconds of research and I found a video that had gone viral in like 3 days ago and I sent him I said hey here is a video in your kind of mental health coaching space that has gone viral recently go and make your version of it and that's exactly what he did he made a video of him eating because that was what the original Creator did he put the text up on the screen and he posted it and he got even more videos than the original Creator did and from that one viral video he was able to do more content research find other videos and kind of figure out what is the winning formula inside of his Niche now not every video should be a 7-second text on screen video like Chris did but every video should have text on the screen that includes the title at the beginning to get them to stop scrolling and using autoc captions on your videos so people can watch it in silent while doing something else last but not least redo the videos that you think should have done better if some time has passed and a video didn't do as well as you like then just remake it try explaining that Concept in a different way experiment when I have a video that flops I try not to take it personally and instead I just challenge myself to make a better version of that video next time to convey the idea in a different way that connects better with my followers that way that one gets views especially when I know it's a good idea that I found through my research or from talking to my ideal viewers and customers and knowing that it's something that they're struggling with and want to know about and the thing is since most of your views are coming from the for you page a lot of people will will not have seen your video before especially if you were a new Creator so they don't know that you're remaking the video this is their first time seeing it so take this as permission to have fun and to try different things but you have to be experimenting there are so many people that are in my comments and they're like my videos are not performing well I'm only getting 200 views or 500 views but they keep doing the same thing over and over and over again it blows my mind stop doing it you have to experiment and figure out what is the format that works for you because the formula for getting views is going to be different for you than it is for other creators because you are a different person and your audience is made up of different people that are interested in different things so you have to try new things so you can figure out the formula that your audience likes best from you so you can start to get the massive watch time and those big views and one of the easiest ways to do this is to pay attention to what your audience is actually saying to you that's why building an Engaged Community is so important to blowing up on Tik Tok yes most of your videos will be shown on the for you page to people that have never seen your content before but your goal if you want to blow up on Tik Tok is to build a loyal following who goes and binges every single video that you post when you start to get those repeat viewers who watch everything and comment on every video you will take off and the reason for that is because your average watch time will Skyrocket because your regulars are watching all of your videos for longer and they're saving those videos so they can watch them again later and the more all of this starts to happen the better the algorithm will understand the types of people that are going to be interested in your content so when they show your videos to new people those people are more likely to watch a lot of the video which means more watch time more views and it snowballs out of control so how do we create this engaged community on Tik Tok first just start talking to your viewers inside of your videos ask them questions invite them to participate in the video and when you do that make sure that you're responding to every single comment on your videos especially when you're just starting and you don't have a lot of comments it's easy to keep up with but you're going the extra mile and building loyalty by doing something that the big creators or other creators that are lazy creators are not doing and I'm a big believer in this and it's also one of the reasons that I believe this YouTube channel has grown so quickly because I'm doing my best to respond to every single comment and when you're responding to comments not only are those people that you responded to coming back to watch more of your videos and leaving comments on new videos but it's actually encouraging all the other people that are kind of the lurkers that are watching your videos and not commenting it's encouraging them to engage because when they see you responding they're like oh it's not a waste of time for me to leave a comment or ask a question because this guy is actually going to respond to me he's actually an to answer so the act of you responding to comments will lead to more comments on your video videos and there's a lot of other benefits to people commenting on your videos too especially if you're responding to them because the entire time that somebody is writing a comment on your video your video is playing and you are racking up watch time which means it's going to get pushed to more people and that's why it's also good when somebody leaves a comment I like to ask them a follow-up question to get them to comment again because it gets even more watch time another thing you can do and this is massive is you can reply to comments with videos on Tik Tok and man I wish they did this on YouTube too this is one of the the coolest best features that Tik Tok has by far when you can respond to somebody by creating a video on Tik Tok you're able to give such a more in-depth answer and help that person so much more individually very quickly that you build massive loyalty but beyond that you get a ton of growth from it because every time you create a reply video that video is going to be served to every single person who watched the original video inside of their feed now that doesn't mean that every single person that watched this video that you created a reply video for will watch the new video but it means they will at least see it in their feed and that's free exposure and there are free ideas that make it easier for you to create content and are likely going to do really well when people watch them because if one person is asking the question then there's probably 10 people that aren't asking it that are interested in the answer now if you do all of these things you are going to get followers in addition to getting all of the views but if you want to grow faster I want you to watch this video next because I'm actually going to explain how to optimize your account and all the things you can do to get more followers faster

  Top Comments:
  1. @Annaa.C99 [137 likes]: Love the content! Growth can be tough, but using tools like SMM KPM has been a lifesaver for me
  2. @enjera1290 [4 likes]: Thank you mike i no longer get stuck in 200 views!
  3. @anniglass6142 [3 likes]: Just wanted to hop on and let you know I keep going in circles with your videos... in a good way. I keep watching them over and over and going to the next vid you suggest in the end card. I haven't seen any big results on my account, yet, but I'm hoping things will pick up once I have been on the platform a little longer.
  4. @SylasNBA2 [2 likes]: Its not luck its the Lord Jesus Christ ✝️
  5. @therealsketxh3595 [2 likes]: I just realized there’s nothing unique about TikTok
  6. @SylasNBA2 [1 likes]: Jesus loves you find God✝️
  7. @KellDontReactNoMore [1 likes]: what if your a gaming page what's the best way to grow
  8. @stevenklempert3780 [1 likes]: Should I create a new account or use the one I already have, and another question is I know its not good to delete videos but should I delete those that were removed for community guidelines? It was my most liked videos and are half of my total likes
  9. @SmilinOoo [1 likes]: some people says their video stuck not getting views then boom it got viral after 2-3 months is that working like this for tt too ? My videos get only 1k views and stops for experiment i copied someone s interesting title in my way thinking lets see but nope stuck again 😢
  10. @Liltrapper-p3g: Bro ty so much
  11. @Bzdanny: Hey brother I really appreciate your advice on tik tok and I could use some help from you🙏🏻☘️
  12. @Dareyouwin: Love it Mann! Everything Your Saying Makes Sense. Thank You
  13. @skatonio: Okay, but what’s the point of getting all the followers? Then what?
  14. @OttawaSmallEventVenue: Thank you very much. I have a small event venue that can host intimate wedding birthday parties, baby showers. How do I find a Gateway video that went viral and I want to use how to hold a decent wedding without breaking your bank
  15. @PandMissElysea: I’m getting 300k - 500k views and comments but I only have 1200 followers 😭😭😭
  16. @TheCommentaryHub-f6i: I become viral because of your strategy i got 134k followers bro thanks alot man
  17. @TheCommentaryHub-f6i: You know how to explain tiktok you da best man
  18. @coachleif: uhhh... I never "smell this"
  19. @Clownboy15: I’m into horror movie stuff and I’ve just signed up for TikTok. I’m trying some of this advice but I’m still only getting that initial two hundred views. Some of my videos don’t get pushed out at all! Fair enough I got a note saying the video quality was poor on one of them. But the other, just didn’t get pushed out.
  20. @Colton6897: I make warzon video I’m tryna draw intention from TikTok to yt what the best thing I need to do is

- My Video Went Viral. Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en Now, you may have seen this thumbnail on YouTube. I mean, I can actually basically guarantee that YouTube has been shoving this in your face like, "Click! Click! Click it again!" So you might be wondering why. Why did this video in particular go viral? Well, that is what I'm gonna set out to explain in this video but I'm gonna start with something that seems unrelated, which is YouTuber burnout. Now, there's no secret, there have been a lot of YouTubers recently talking about burnout: people like Casey Neistat, Superwoman, Ryan Higa, Grace Helbig, and many, many, MANY more, and I think, when you have all of these people with different YouTube channels, different experiences, they're all saying something similar; I think it's worth understanding that there may be sort of a common factor at play amongst all of them. So what I'm actually gonna present is a kind of theory of everything when it comes to YouTube; everything from YouTuber burnout, through to videos going viral; why do videos go viral on the platform right now. Okay, so, you know, I think as a viewer your response to burnout might be to say, "Well these YouTubers are just entitled" or, "They're soft" or, you know, "Boohoo, you have the best job in the world" or your other response might be that burnout happens in every industry, so why should we care about this YouTuber thing, but I think that YouTuber burnout is a more specific phenomenon; I think there's something particular going on here. and it all starts with the YouTuber life cycle. I mean, if you think about a YouTuber who's complaining about burnout, you know they've had some success on the platform where their views are rising - and of course that's exhilarating, it feels great and you're working pretty hard, but you're seeing it pay off, and then at some point your views start to falter so maybe you work a little bit harder but things don't really change and-and the views, you know, continue to fall. I think there's a certain thing to do with the psychology of anchoring here. You know, once you have a certain number of subscribers, then, you know, a hundred thousand views which might be amazing in the beginning feels like a horrible disappointment. So there's a real problem between sort of expectations and reality, and to me, this is a big part of why YouTuber burnout happens. Now, if you look at what the YouTubers are saying about this, you find that a lot of them are taking responsibility themselves, and they're also making some clear cause-and-effect relationships, which you know this kind of seemed to make sense: okay, so this idea we assume that views reflect something about video quality, we kind of make that assumption, and so when there are, you know, fewer views taking place, that means the video is lower quality. This is just kind of, I think, instinctive, but I want to question that. I also want to question these YouTubers who essentially put the blame on themselves and say, you know, they're just not making as good videos anymore to me I think there's something else at play, and it is the system. So, from time to time, I like to go over to Google Trends, where you can basically search any search term and see how much traffic there is, how many people are searching that term at any given time, and if you search for "Veritasium" basically since 2004 you see, well, this kind of curve, which might make you ask the question: "Where on the YouTuber life cycle do you think I am?", and of course this little spike here is from my black hole videos, this over here must be some Harry Potter fans who are bad at spelling. So this is how much people are searching for me, which I think kind of correlates to how much my videos are being shown on YouTube, and how much people are watching them and enjoying them. Now let's look at a similar channel for comparison. How about the channel Numberphile? It's also an educational channel, but it's, uh, you know, very diff- made by very different people with very different schedules, very different topics that we've tackled, and yet these graphs look pretty similar, Uhh, let me have a look at one more. So this is the AsapSCIENCE curve. So here you have Veritasium, Numberphile, and AsapSCIENCE: three educational YouTube channels, which all follow a fairly similar pattern on Google Trends. So my question is: You know, why is this? Why should we follow a similar trend? Well, the obvious answer is the algorithm. And the algorithm has a very important job, because in traditional media, there are not that many works produced. I mean, in American theaters last year, there were about 800 films. 800 films. That's it. On TV there were 500 scripted TV shows. But when it comes to YouTube, it doesn't even compare. I mean, I don't even think that they advertise the number of hundreds of hours uploaded every minute. The obvious analogy is that you're really just seeing the tip of the iceberg, but in the case of icebergs, you see, you know, almost 10% of the ice above the surface. In the case of YouTube you're seeing just (the tip of)x5 of the iceberg basically, statistically speaking, you are ignorant of everything on YouTube. And yet, YouTube claims that they have this algorithm, which you can think of, like, the brain of the platform that can connect an audience (that knows almost nothing of what's on the platform), to the particular types of content they like. And in the best case, they would argue, YouTube would argue, that the algorithm is basically the audience. You know, the audience decides what they want to watch and-and the algorithm is just reflecting that, but of course, we are not in this ideal world, and the audience itself is always kind of shifting and changing who they are and what they like to watch, and so, the algorithm, you can think of as following the audience the algorithm is-is chasing this audience around and trying to reach them. Now, what YouTube doesn't much consider, is that well, the YouTube creators use their content to try to chase the algorithm. So these YouTubers who would love to be creating content about, you know, whatever they're most passionate about in whatever way they also see what's popular on the site and they try to make content that will please the algorithm. And so there's a way in which the content is chasing the algorithm, the algorithm is chasing the audience, and if the content actually manages to catch up with the algorithm, you get a-a kind of perverse situation, in which the algorithm is the content. I mean, what do I mean by that? Just a crazy thought experiment: if YouTube wanted more videos of snails, they could make that happen; they don't actually have to go out and make any snail videos, if they just, you know, promoted videos with snail in the title, tomorrow there's gonna be a whole bunch on the front page and trending and then creators be like, "Oh snails are the new thing!", and they're going to go make a bunch of videos about snails. YouTube would love to believe that-that creators don't care about the algorithm - but they do! It's like the core aspect of how creators decide what content to make. Just as a more, uh, down-to-earth example, I can show you a graph of the length of my videos from 2011, through to today. And what you see is, at the beginning, uh, all of my videos averaged about 2 or 3 minutes in length, but these days, I'm fast approaching an average length of video of 10 minutes. Now, YouTube never came to me and said, "Derek, you have to make longer videos"; all they said was, well videos that are longer and get longer watch time will be promoted more on the site, so, people like myself and, you know, all the other creators who wanted to be seen, we made longer videos. It's just, what we did. Now, we know that the algorithm is always changing; they're always trying to optimize it make it work better, but they also change what it's trying to optimize for. In the beginning it was simple: just views, but they quickly figured out that, of course, like, a 20 minute view is worth a lot more than a 5 second view, so the actual metric should be watch time. And this, uh, was advantageous to people like gamers, because people like to watch people play video games for long periods of time. They also reduced the latency of the algorithm, by which I mean it updates every 10 minutes instead of, say, every day, and that's beneficial for news content and things that are really time-sensitive, and to me as a YouTuber what this means is it's impossible to be an expert on YouTube. If you look at what it takes to become an expert at anything, according to the Nobel prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman, you need, of course, many, many hours of practice. Effortful, deliberate practice. And on YouTube I would argue we get that. You also need timely feedback, and, again, on YouTube we're given plenty of tools to be able to see how our videos are performing; but, when it comes to a reliable environment - this is an environment in which the rules of the game aren't changing: so you can think of something like chess it's possible to be a chess expert, because in the middle of a game of chess, the rules don't suddenly change on you. Now, on YouTube, that is not true. We are not playing by the same rules the whole time, because the algorithm is constantly changing. And so, that puts us in this position, where it's kind of impossible to be experts, and instead we're a little bit more like [page flips], caged pigeons. Okay, go with me on this. Uh, there was this famous experiment where, you know, pigeons were put in a cage with a lever and if they push the lever then they would get some food, and so they very quickly learned that they needed to push the lever and the food would come out, so that's fine. But in a another part of the experiment they disconnected, the lever from the food output and they just supplied food into the cage, kind of, at random and what did the pigeons do? Well, they started to do the types of behaviors that they were doing when the food appeared, so, if one was preening itself then it would keep preening itself, with the expectation that food was coming, and this one, maybe he was pecking the ground; so, the point being they started to engage in these superstitious behaviors, um, because they had related some sort of cause and effect, but there actually wasn't a cause and effect there, and to me, this partly explains the whole YouTube burnout phenomenon, because you have these creators who are stretching themselves to try to chase that algorithm meanwhile the algorithm is constantly shifting and so you never feel like an expert and never quite know what's going on even though you're constantly trying to relate cause and effect now I can understand why the algorithm has to change. I mean in the early days of YouTube, it was this situation where if you had subscribers you were golden because the next time you uploaded some content then YouTube would show it to all your subscribers it'll get a ton of views YouTube would say "oh this is a popular video", show it to even more people, getting you even more subscribers so the next time you launch another video then it goes to more subscribers more views and it was just this positive feedback loop where you would grow and grow and grow a channel so the rich got richer and small channels stayed small so obviously we needed something to break the cycle and so YouTube started doing some experiments where they would essentially change what was recommended to your audience so they would stop showing some of the content from certain subscribers and they saw what happened to views so they started disconnecting these subscribers from the channel No longer was a subscription like "I want to see every video by this person" it was more of a suggestion that maybe something this person creates is something I might like to see and what YouTube found when they did that was that the number of views on the platform the amount of watch time all rose dramatically so for YouTube to get growth of the site they found that reducing the importance of subscriptions was essential and this kind of makes sense if you think about it I mean if you make one great video, that doesn't necessarily mean that every video you're gonna make is gonna be great so it makes sense for YouTube to step in and play some role in terms of determining what gets shown to which audience members Now, as has been observed by MatPat previously, moving away from subscriptions moves YouTube back to what it was like to sell newspapers on the street you really had to inspire people to buy on the spot you have to serve up really sensational news items. This is also called yellow journalism. it was only once the newspapers built subscription models that newspapers could make sober journalism a reality, something that they focused on because they already had your eyeballs, they didn't have to fight for that sort of attention they didn't have to be as sensational but YouTube is going in the opposite direction reducing the importance of subscribers means increasing the importance of sensationalism and click-baity thumbnails and so a few weeks ago I was out at the creator summit in New York and I met MrBeast. I showed him some of the footage from this video I was working on about the shade balls in LA Reservoir and MrBeast took one look at it, and he said to me that's a banger which I think it's pretty funny but I think clearly he knew that this was going to be a video that would take off and we talked about titles and thumbnails you might have noticed that the thumbnail borrows a bit from say his work with cereal and Orbeez in backyards and I told him that I was thinking about calling it something like, Throwing Shade Balls and he was like, "No". He suggested, why are there 96 million black balls on this lake Now I changed it to reservoir because I mean let's be real that's what it is but it just goes to show how important the title and thumbnail are what I learned talking to MrBeast was that going viral you can boil down to two metrics: you need to do two things with your video in order for it to go viral and I mean tens of millions of views as his channel shows Okay the first thing, maybe not surprising, is watch time. so when people click on your video they actually have to watch a significant portion of it It's useful if that's sort of seven or eight minutes now that is the actual time that they watch, so you need a longer video than that, say 15 minutes, if you want the average watch time to be around that 7 or 8 minute mark Now for me, watch time is not that exciting of a metric to know that I have to hit because I know that most people already watch most of my videos so for me the big insight came with number two if you want a viral video you need to have a high click-through rate so that is the total number of clicks on your titles and thumbnails divided by the number of times that title and thumbnail have been shown that is your click-through rate and MrBeast showed me this graph showing that as you approach 10% 20% 30% click-through rate then the number of views and the number of impressions that video will get Just skyrockets. It jumps dramatically now on the one hand that kind of makes sense because you know people are clicking a video obviously you're going to get more views but it is such a dramatic increase that it really turns the site into a place where the title and thumbnail are everything you can have a great video but unless you have a great hook to get people in it's not going to go viral and so it was amazing to hear all these different YouTubers talk about how they optimized a thumbnail many people told me that when they were working on a thumbnail for a new video they would actually Photoshop it onto a screenshot of their current YouTube home screen in various positions and just see how eye catching it was they're really working hard to make these thumbnails as clickable as possible it's like weaponizing the thumbnail and that arms race is only set to increase with the introduction of real-time click-through rate which is coming out in a month or two so what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate and you can imagine, if you don't do this, you're gonna be left behind because all the other creators are sitting there swapping their thumbnails to get the highest engagement that they possibly can on their videos and if you're not doing that, then your videos will end up getting buried So, acknowledging that this is the reality of YouTube I want to outline to you my plan for what I will do going forward First and foremost, I want to keep making high-quality videos because if I don't do that I'm not going to be happy I won't be satisfied and neither will you but second of all I'm gonna have to choose topics that are more clickable because frankly if I'm going to work for days and weeks and months on a video I would like that video to get say 10 million views instead of half a million so a lot of that comes down to "is this topic clickable" and so or number three I'm gonna have to use some clickbaity titles and thumbnails and I apologize for that but it just seems like it's an existential threat that if you don't do that your channel will not be around for very long and you'll be on that sort of downward slide I'd love to know what you think, If you think it's a good idea a bad idea I'm totally open to hearing you out CaseyNeistat talked about how he's got to trust his audience, you know to come back to him the truth is, the audience only knows you're there if they see your titles and thumbnails I went to buy something at B&H a little while ago, and the guy was like "oh hey I love your videos!" and then he said, "are you still making them?" and I was like, "yeah yeah I'm making them. How do you not know?" and I also see comments on my videos where people are like, "oh great here's a veritasium video see you again in six months" but I'm like, "no I'm making these every week, every other week, like I'm making them you just got to know that they're here but you can only know that they're there if they surface to the tip of the tip of the tip of the tip of the iceberg which now is a click-through rate game On the one hand, you could be a little bit disappointed by the way the game is working right now but on the other hand I challenge you to think of a better way because they have this limited real estate in which to show people potential videos they might be interested in and of course they want to put the videos there that people are most likely to click and then most likely to watch once they've clicked it and like part of me is like, yeah I guess that's kind of fair would you make the argument that you should put some videos there that people are less likely to click? No. I mean, that doesn't seem to make any sense. so I kind of feel like this is the inevitable, rational endpoint for any algorithm that is trying to optimize what people are watching we want to give you the things that you want to watch and you indicate your desire by clicking on them but by doing that it also means that things that are just less catchy, less sensational don't rise into this level here and I wonder more broadly, how does that affect us? How does that affect the YouTube platform? if the YouTube platform becomes a real clickbait site Who wants to go there? What types of audience will come there? Will there even be an audience for educational content? I think it's all these decisions about the system and the algorithm that determine what the actual media looks like what content is created what people come to the site what audiences are served there And I think this is a broader issue than just YouTube. I mean, everywhere now we can be served the things that we you really want. but what does that world look like? I mean you might have thought it would be this utopia but I would argue that it's not. because it silences all these voices that you would otherwise get you know in a more curated marketplace if you're just going for the things that drive the clicks That is a very skewed view on the world and I'm not sure it's for the best But there is one way on YouTube at least to short-circuit this effect and it is to ring that bell and you're like, "oh the whole point of this video is to get to this point and tell you to ring the bell!" I mean, no, if you want to ring the bell, I encourage you to do that now because I feel like I never encouraged people to subscribe or ring the bell on this channel because it seems needy and I think you can do whatever you want, whenever you want it but in this ecosystem where click-through rate is king, where millions of black balls on a reservoir is the thing that is going to rise to the surface, the only way to get around that is to have people who are notified every time I make something so I want you to think about the videos that I've made you know in the past and so far this year and think about do you want to know about every single one of those? and if you do then I encourage you to click the bell and the more people who do that, the less I will be driven to make clickbaity titles and thumbnails and videos because I'll know that I can reach my audience without having to appeal to, you know, the basest instincts of people So, if you want to see more of what I'm doing, click to subscribe, ring the bell and if you don't then please you know unsubscribe because it's good to give YouTube as clear of signals as possible but I think there is a bit of hope for the future because what I've described is the way YouTube appears to be working right now but I think that, well we know that the algorithm is always shifting and what I've heard is that the direction YouTube wants to go is optimizing for long term, satisfied, watch time That's got three pieces. You have to look at, are people coming back time after time If they watch someone's videos do they come back time after time for months That would be one signal. Are they watching for a long period of time? That's also a sign that people are enjoying it And finally, there's the satisfied piece. Are people satisfied by the things that they've seen? This is a new metric to add in And how do you really gauge satisfaction? Well, YouTube is experimenting with surveys. Surveys just like this one. and they will hopefully allow us to come to a different place where the algorithm isn't just about click-through rate and watch time but it's also about satisfaction. How much you're driven to come back How much you really love the content. So my great hope is if we move in this direction there may be a time in the future where click-through rate is no longer king I'd love to know what you think so let me know down in the comments and I'm gonna jump straight into end screen here I'm going to post a few thumbnails for videos that are not particularly a click-baity so feel free to click these. I mean you're gonna look at them and be like, "I don't want to click that" but that's exactly the point. these are apparently good videos that maybe just aren't as catchy in terms of titles and thumbnails If you want to subscribe you can click up here and thanks for listening to the rant that I've given many times to whoever will listen

  Top Comments:
  1. @Piterixos [1 likes]: 6 years later youtube taking 2/3 of that precious real estate to shove shorts down my throat that I NEVER click on. They value the chance I start doing that and get hooked more than the clicks they're losing with the current design.
  2. @deaslipsshorts [1 likes]: i think the secret is just look at the top of the leaderboard. and see what else could be there. the rest of the leaderboard are all roots of the top of the leaderboard. the bottoms are just copies, reactions to the top leaderboards, remixes, sequels. like if pewdiepie is at the top, below him are just doing exactly what he does or they change things up but you could still tell that its just a copy of whats above

if you wanna reach the top of the algorithm, you gonna have no compitetion. and the only time you get competition is when you do exactly what most poeple do, and what they do is chase the algorithm(copy others)

chasing the algorithm = more competition
ishowspeed went to the top because no one else barks, no one has a luffy pfp, no one else live streams and go to different countries live, no one else has his kind of hair, no one else has his tone and voice, etc.
mrbeast got to the top because everyone else is scared giving 10k to random people

its not about the psychologicals and colors and color theory and crazy thumnails and mathimaticals. its about reaching the top, and the only way is to find a path where no one is in the way
  3. @clashPotential [1 likes]: I’ve noticed that whatever topic I start watching, the recommendations eventually revolve almost entirely around that same subject. It gets repetitive and boring. Why not mix it up? include some widely popular videos, some fresh or unexpected ideas, and then the rest based on my viewing history?
  4. @321BacaBuku [1 likes]: it's been six years, yet this context is still relevant todays 2026 youtuber. Great insight !!
  5. @neznamkaj: I watch your videos from older to newer and I don' t need ring bell or anything. I watch good channels and that's it
  6. @kasundulara: 2026 no bell button 🔔
  7. @MoreFixed: I just did ! thank you Veritasium !
  8. @guidobohmann1259: 5 stars for this channel :) Bell has been rung ;)
  9. @sayoojpadmanabhan9585: 13:05 it is funny how this is his most viewed video
  10. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Gracias porque el contenido es gratis! 🙌
  11. @EileenCraig-e4c: ¡Nunca vi una mejor explicación!
  12. @JulianStevens-n7y: ¿Cuándo sale el próximo video? ¡Espero!
  13. @AugustSanders-q3l: Fără cuvinte... pur și simplu perfect! 😍
  14. @SlotCraftMaster: As long as you deliver to your promises click baiting is not necessarily a bad thing. You are not tricking anyone by making yourself more attractive.
  15. @HyungnamGu: Yes, being a YouTuber is considered a highly stressful job, often leading to burnout due to the relentless pressure of constant content creation, algorithm unpredictability, and income instability. It requires managing multiple roles—creator, editor, marketer, and data analyst—often leading to long hours, sleep deprivation, and mental health struggles. 

Key stressors for YouTubers include:
Algorithm Dependency: The need to satisfy ever-changing platform algorithms to maintain visibility and income creates significant anxiety.

Burnout and Mental Health: The pressure to constantly produce high-quality, engaging content leads to burnout, with many creators reporting anxiety and a desire to quit.

Financial Uncertainty: Inconsistent revenue, demonetization, and the pressure of underperforming videos create financial stress.

High Workload: Beyond filming, creators spend immense time on editing, researching, and managing community engagement.

Public Scrutiny: Dealing with negative comments, harassment, and the pressure to appear authentic can cause mental strain. 

While it offers freedom and creativity, successful, full-time, content creation often requires acting as a CEO of a business, which can be overwhelming without a support team.
  16. @TsunamiAdventures: Not fare when can not compete small business versus corporate tourism. so u are wrong, cause sounds like tit for tat. Drive u nuts, algorithms
  17. @EI.01: Derek, I think if you had encourage more people to subcribe to your channel, you should have  worth 50million subs by now or a 100million because some do forget to subcribe and thats why Mr beasts has half a billion now because he reminds us to.
  18. @OrsoRaggiante: I might be a bit of an outlier, but I actually subscribe to channels I am interested in and turn on notifications. I do not trust YouTube to feed me content I like - or is good for me. Does it show both sides of an argument? Am i wasting my time (yes, I won't complain about the 17th hour straight of watching baby elephants, but it is probably not healthy for me)? So I prefer to find channels, sometimes through offline recommendations, and then go through their channel history - hence reaching this video only now, though I have followed you for a few years, now.
  19. @andreas6531: Now yt is a ghost town of fake ai with 2 ads minimum
  20. @fargosnow994: Well, six years later, it looks like you did a very good job.

- This ONE YouTube Mistake Stops Videos From Going Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered why some YouTubers get millions of views from just one video while others keep uploading for years and still struggle? Is going viral on YouTube just luck or is there a hidden formula behind it? The truth is creators who go viral are not more talented than you. The big question is virality luck or is there a precise formula? We'll uncover that today. Viral creators simply understand how the YouTube algorithm works. It's a system and they know the rules. In today's video, I'm going to reveal seven secrets that can help any small creator go viral. Understanding these tricks might change your life forever. Let's start with the fundamental question. Why does YouTube push some videos to millions of people? YouTube doesn't care about making creators famous. It only cares about keeping viewers happy. If people engage, YouTube thinks the video is interesting and pushes it to more viewers. Here's the biggest mistake 90% of creators make. They create videos they personally like instead of creating what their audience actually wants to watch. Remember this, the creators who understand audience psychology are the ones who grow fast on YouTube. Focus on the viewers needs and desires. Now for secret number two, the hook. A weak hook is the fastest way to kill your video. Today, people's attention span is extremely short. If the first 5 seconds of your video are boring, viewers will instantly swipe away. Don't open with a boring, "Hey guys, welcome back to another video," style greeting. It tells YouTube the video isn't engaging. Instead, use a strong hook like, "One mistake that is secretly killing your YouTube growth." This creates curiosity, which is the biggest weapon of viral video. Secret number three focuses on what happens after the hook, retention. Most people think views are everything, but in reality, YouTube promotes watch time. If people watch your video until the end, YouTube pushes it harder. Successful creators use techniques like changing camera angles, adding zoom effects, using sound effects, and making fast cuts to prevent viewers from getting bored. Here's a secret. Every 5 to 7 seconds, something new should happen. A new visual, a new emotion, or a new piece of information. Boring videos are the biggest enemy of the algorithm. Finally, let's talk about the most important part of getting viral, your thumbnail and title. The truth is, even an amazing video can fail if the thumbnail is weak. People notice the thumbnail first and decide whether to click or ignore. A powerful thumbnail needs three things: emotion, curiosity, and simplicity. Avoid adding too much text. The best thumbnails say less and create more curiosity. A great title should create a question inside the viewer's mind. Think this trick changed my life. Or YouTube algorithm secret exposed. Remember, getting the click is the first battle. Apply these seven secrets to make your next video go viral.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoldenCrazyMusic [3 likes]: Good video for new creater ❤
  2. @poojameghwal-t7h [3 likes]: Nice informative videos for creater
  3. @OrthoElectiveOT [2 likes]: super informative video hai shoud watch new creaters

- Why 99% of Faceless Channels fail (YOUTUBER EXPLAINS): Kind: captions Language: en let me tell you why 99% of faceless YouTube channels fail and how you can be in the 1% that succeed but before we get into it let me explain why you should even be listening to me in the first place see I started creating faceless YouTube channels in 2017 since then I've grown over 20 faceless YouTube channels some have failed some have blown up to millions of views and from two of the channels I've made over $100,000 so in this video I'll share what I've learned over the last 6 years so that you're not in the 99% that try and fail you've probably heard of faceless YouTube channels but if you haven't picture a YouTube channel with no YouTuber in the videos that's it that's all they are and the first thing you need to know about why 99% of them fail is because people come into it thinking faceless YouTube channels are an easy way to get rich quick online and that's probably because there's a ton of YouTube videos out there telling you that that is the case people will tell you to Outsource everything go to Fiverr get a script writer a voiceover artist a video editor editor a thumbnail designer and you'll start making $10,000 per month in no time now while that $10,000 per month is definitely possible it's not going to happen in no time a lot of people have the expectation that they'll post a couple videos on YouTube that they wouldn't even watch for themselves and all of a sudden they're going to be making $10,000 a month if that's your expectation feel free to hop off of this video because that's just not the reality of it as much as I'd love for it to be it's not so you faceless YouTube channels need to be treated like any other big business to make them successful you have two choices either you can put a lot of work and time in doing every part of the video making process or you can spend a lot of money Outsourcing each component of the video making process which we will talk about in a little bit here so stick around but just know that simply going to Fiverr and hiring a couple different people to put some videos together for $10 that's not going to get you any success on YouTube growing a faceless YouTube channel takes just as much effort as if you were growing a channel with you in the actual videos the algorithm that you're facing is the same one that took Mr Beast 4 years to get his first 1,000 YouTube subscribers it took me almost 20 videos to get monetized on YouTube and to get those 20 videos made it took about $800 out of my own pocket before I even saw my first dollar and even after I saw that first dollar come from YouTube it still took me multiple months to become profitable because the amount of money that I was paying to get the videos made was less than YouTube was actually paying P me on a monthly basis took me until 8 months to actually be profitable with my first faceless YouTube channel so don't expect to go out there and start making $10,000 a month or even just a couple hundred a month for at least 6 to 8 months the next reason that most faceless YouTube channels fail is twofold people try to Outsource everything from day one and they don't actually understand how YouTube works let me explain see in order to actually make money from YouTube you need 1,000 subscribers in 4,000 watch hours or 10 million short views if you were to post 10 10 minute long YouTube videos and people watch 30% of the way through each video which believe it or not is actually pretty difficult to do each video would need 8,000 or more views in order to reach monetization eligibility there are so many people out there just saying to Outsource every aspect of the video making process but in reality if you were to Outsource everything it would cost you about $1 to $150 per video for 10 videos that's ,000 to $1,500 in total and on average it takes about 30 to 50 videos to get monetized on YouTube that's anywhere from $3,000 to $77,500 just to get enough videos created to possibly make your first dollar on YouTube so there's a lot of money that you will need upfront to start making money if you Outsource everything from the start but there is another option which a lot of people don't talk about but it's definitely the best way to get started and that's to do everything yourself and I know that sounds terrible doing all the work but hear me out putting the videos together yourself will allow you to learn the YouTube algorithm to make better decisions on video ideas titles thumbnail design and feedback on editing for when you do ultimately Outsource the video creation most faceless YouTube channels fail because people don't actually understand the YouTube platform and if you create all the videos yourself at first you will actually understand the YouTube platform and not only just the platform but the YouTube analytics which is the most important part of the YouTube platform they show you exactly who is watching your content what titles people like what style of thumbnail Works what other videos your audience is watching and if you understand how to read the YouTube analytics YouTube is essentially screaming at you how to get more views once you're monetized and once you have a good understanding of YouTube analytics and the algorithm and how the platform Works guess what you are 99% ahead of any other person who's trying faceless YouTube channels and it's time to start Outsourcing when you do Outsource you'll need to hire a script writer for the script a voiceover artist for the audio a video editor for the visuals and potentially the music and sound effects too a graphic designer for thumbnails and again this is going to cost you anywhere from $100 to $150 per video especially if you're making high quality videos and if you're not making high quality videos no one's going to watch your videos you're not going to get subscribers you're not going to get growth and you're not going to make any money from YouTube so make high quality videos please but you don't have to Outsource every part of the YouTube video making process at first you can still write the script and make the thumbnails while hiring a video editor for say $50 and a voiceover artist for say $20 or you could use an AI tool which allows you to put in one prompt and spit you out a monetizable fulllength YouTube video with the voiceover editing visuals everything done for you and you can even tweak the script afterwards or you could replace the visuals with ones that work better and ones that you like more or you can change the voiceover to your liking you can customize it however you want but using an AI tool like in video AI for instance will help you a lot in the process but either way if you're Outsourcing to people or to AI you don't have to do it all at once you can go slowly and gradually move closer to fully automating your faceless YouTube channel because remember the goal of your faceless YouTube channel is to make money if you're throwing a ton of money out without bringing any in then unfortunately you're not really doing it right and that brings me to the number one reason that 99% of faceless YouTube Channel fail they don't actually understand how to make money on YouTube they rely solely on AdSense and when they put a couple videos out and they're not making any money and their Channel's not monetized then they quit 99% of people will quit but you can actually start making money from your first video that you put out on YouTube you can do that through affiliate marketing affiliate marketing is when you talk about or show a product or service in your videos and if a viewer uses a unique affiliate link that you put in the descriptions to purchase that product or service you make a commission off of the sale let's look at top Tech now for instance it's a faceless YouTube channel that does tech reviews this is a great way to make money outside of AdSense they might do a review on say a $500 tech product and they might have a 20% affiliate commission if they get one sale from one viewer say 10 people view the video but if one person goes to the link in the description buys that product they get $100 that's $100 from one video people don't understand that you can make a lot of money and you'll probably make more more money than you will from AdSense from affiliate marketing and to find affiliate deals there's affiliate networks like ClickBank or partner stack or you could go to most websites of products or services that you like and most importantly that align with the content that you're actually putting on on your channel you scroll down to the bottom of the website and usually you'll be able to find a link to sign up as an affiliate once you sign up as an affiliate you'll put your link in the description of your videos and if someone buys you'll start making money you will not be relying solely on AdSense see this whole thing thing is about setting your expectations ahead of time and if you understand that faceless YouTube channels won't get you rich immediately Outsourcing from day one is not the best method in understanding how to make money outside of AdSense is crucial for Success your faceless YouTube channel will not be in the 99% that fail I really hope you guys got a lot of value out of this video make sure to hit that subscribe button because this is the first video of a series of videos on faceless YouTube channels where we're going to talk about everything from how to start them how to monetize them how to grow them how to get multiple channels going so that you have an army of faceless YouTube channels making money for you everything you need to know about faceless YouTube channels so hit that subscribe button thanks for watching and we will see you again soon in another video

  Top Comments:
  1. @spideranime123 [1 likes]: Bro I got no views😢😢
  2. @thegirlwhofigureditout: it 's like going into youtube with rose tinted glasses - not going 2 work
  3. @MillicentOnyenso-f7v: Very helpful
  4. @samjennings701: themoneymad channel is going to blow up soon🎉
  5. @BudgetWithBuck: Nice video, bit it's not about a high quality video, it's more about solving problems from real people.
  6. @prm4uofficial: Момент про то, что большинство безликих каналов умирают из-за отсутствия чёткой ниши — это прям ключевое, потому что алгоритм буквально не понимает, кому рекомендовать видео, если канал обо всём подряд. Ещё один убийца роста, который редко упоминают — первые 2-3 секунды в шортсах решают, досмотрят или свайпнут, и тестировать нужно именно хуки, а не просто темы. Какой формат хуков у тебя показал лучшее удержание за эти 7 дней? 🤔
  7. @frenchfryofthesea: So in other words you have to have a good amount of money to do YouTube right. Gotcha.
  8. @michaelhoward5169: Really discouraging right off the bat! He's grown over 20 YT channels over a period of SEVEN YEARS, some of which have gone to MILLIONS of views (as of the date of the video). And from all that work he has made only $200K. And this guy is clearly quite successful as a creator in relative terms. This relatively small payoff for all that effort and time investment should be a massive warning signal right there for YT as a business model.
  9. @Knwyrs: Good to know
  10. @Mirrorblind: I’ve just started a channel and it is faceless. I have disabilities so there is no way I want to be viewed on video. I HAVE to use Ai and copyright free videos. I try not to make Ai slop and my script has a lot of serious work in it. I hope YouTube see that Ai isn’t all “slop”.
  11. @TheGiftofEden: Thank you so much ! I was just waiting on a quick …. Get rich quick stuff!!
  12. @jadhasaura67_cr7: now it doesn't cost 1500$ to build a video, with AI it takes 30$ a month to make 30 faceless videos.
  13. @splitterCELL94: The advice on doing everything yourself first to understand the analytics before outsourcing is so crucial, definitely a game changer for long-term success
  14. @prm4uofficial: Про удержание в безликих каналах: первые 0.5 секунды решают всё. Тестировал hook с текстом "НЕ листай" vs контекстный визуал — второй вариант дал +34% к досмотрам, потому что мозг обрабатывает картинку быстрее команды 📊
  15. @SmartMoneyMichael: This video is really interesting. I also created my own faceless channel (for now). It's only been around for 11 days. I'd love to hear what you think... Check it out if you like... Thanks!
  16. @Faceless-2-5-23: IWillKeepThatInMindThen
  17. @AabidKhan-pt9cf: As a video editor myself i charge 1000 usd plus for 10 min of "high quality" video 😂
  18. @CrimeWatchWithBennyson: Following your steps is the best thing that happened to me and my channel, .. thanks 🙏
  19. @chroniclesoftheunknown-z8r: This said a lot, a lot of people just lie about how much to be made within short of time within talking about the work , I started mind a month and half ago, yet I Realised I need a successful channel I can look up to when I’m making my videos..
  20. @HauntHorizon4: This is good

- YouTube Stopped Recommending Your Videos? Fix THIS now: Kind: captions Language: en if YouTube isn't recommending your videos it's obviously because something isn't working and right now it's holding your channel back but the good news is there's an easy fix so in this video I'll show you exactly what's stopping YouTube from pushing your content and how you're going to fix it now the first reason why YouTube isn't pushing your videos could be because you haven't fully optimized your account yet now a lot of people either forget to do this or simply just don't know this option exists and it's extremely common amongst new channels so when you set up a new account YouTube basically has no idea who you are or what you're about so naturally it's going to struggle to understand who to show your videos to but this is where Channel tags come in now I'm going to guess that most of your channels will look like this which might be the reason many of you are not getting any views whereas your channel should actually look like this so to find your channel tags go to Studio click on settings and then click on channel now it's essential you fill these out and be as thorough as possible because these tags essentially allow you to tell YouTube what your channel is about and who the algorithm should show your content to now you have up to 500 characters worth of info to give about you and your Niche you can either fill these out yourself using tags that directly relate to you your channel and your Niche or if you're struggling with what to fill out use a tag generator like rapid tags just to put your niche in here and then it will spit out some tags related to that Niche you can then put these in here and the algorithm will now know exactly who to push your videos in front of which is a really easy fix and so that brings us on to another method needed to optimize your profile which is your channel description now this area here provides a fantastic area for SEO optimization just like your channel tags it is 100% recommended that if your videos still aren't getting many views you need to make sure you fill this out correctly now again it basically just tells YouTube who you are what your channel is about and it will ultimately help the algorithm in showing your content to the Right audience now to access this head to YouTube Studio click on customization and then scroll down here to description now the best way to do this is literally just by describing what your channel is about describing the niche you want to go into and then adding some keywords in there too along with Channel tags having your description optimized as well will really help YouTube position your account within the right Niche and it will Aid it when it pushes your videos out from now on now the next three things I recommend you do to help YouTube recommend your content is actually to do with your upload process now firstly again this is similar to the channel tags but in this case it's specific to each video you post so when you upload a new video you're going to have to go through the entire process of adding titles thumbnails descriptions tags hashtags and all of that and every video you post should have its own unique optimization that is tailored to each video however to save time and to make sure each video optimization directly matches and Al lines with your channel I would suggest you need to complete your upload defaults like this too so again to access this click on settings then click on upload defaults now I always leave title free because obviously the title changes each time I do a new video but for the description I always include links to my socials first and then under there I have a two sentence long SEO section which includes my Niche keyword at least three times it reads this video is a travel Vlog in as part of our Lux travel series subscribe to our Channel if you love travel so in that the keyword travel was mentioned three times and then after this I'll have four hashtags all related to travel 2 so whatever Niche you're in you should make sure you do something similar include your Niche key word in as much as you can but make sure it's done naturally and organically like don't just like copy and paste the same word 50 times because that simply just won't work now after that I always set my visibility to unlisted first and down here I always have these filled out which are the video tags so every time I upload a new video all of these tags here will automatically be added to it so I don't need to go in and do them manually every single time now as you can see I've only filled up half the 500 character limit and that's because these tags are standard tags for my channel they are pretty much the same as my channel tags we did earlier but I will always leave space for video specific tags that will add later on for each video so make sure yours looks like this but for your own Niche then on advanced settings I always go in and turn automatic chapters off because I like to do my own video chapters as YouTube doesn't always get it right I always tick dubbing which gives YouTube the option to dub your videos and translate them into different languages and lastly I always leave comments on with no moderation okay so now another thing to consider is that YouTube might not be recommending your videos because you don't fully understand what content resonates with your audience yet it can be tough sometimes especially being a small YouTuber to know exactly what type of content works well and what doesn't but this is where a tool like tube buddy can actually be really helpful their new Niche insights tool allows you to compare your channel against your competitors in terms of views or subscribers like here I've got nine competitors in my Niche and within the leaderboard section it puts my channel up against theirs to see who's performing better but what's even more useful is this section here the content standouts this has basically analyzed every single video posted by all of my competitors and it's identified the best performers and this gives me a really useful insight into exactly what types of videos work well in my Niche like the best video so far is how to get out a small Channel Hell by my friend Nate black nearly 400,000 views and over 12 times better than his channel average or this one how to get more views in 2 minutes by Marcus Jones a million views which is 15 times better than his channel a average so now I can take these proven Concepts and use them on my own channel but whilst it's good to know what's doing well it's also good to know what isn't doing too well as well so we can stay away from that so here we have the low performance and this section is really important to keep an eye on because it shows exactly what types of videos you should stay well away from now if you want access to this information I'd suggest giving to Buddy a try you can get their Pro Plan for $6 a month which is really good value for money if you are interested guys link is in the description below okay so now that is your channel optimized and your upload defaults done too but there's two more really simple and easy tricks you can utilize for more recommendations and these two crop up during the upload process of each video now some of you will already have these switched on but some of you may not so let's quickly make sure you have so when you're uploading a video I always want you to make sure you have allow embedding switch on turning this on is a simple but powerful way to get free external traffic and boost your YouTube views now when enabled your videos can be embedded into blogs news sites forums and even social media Pages meaning people can watch them without needing to visit YouTube directly this increases watch time it improves your video's ranking and helps Drive in new subscribers however if you disable this setting it will block those potential views so always keep this turned on to maximize exposure and let the web help you and distribute your content for you and last but not least we have enabling places mentioned which is really good for both local and Global Discovery enabling this setting actually helps YouTube and Google recognize locations in your videos making them more likely to appear in local search results and travel related recommendations so if you mention a city or a landmark or a region YouTube May automatically tag it boosting visibility to users searching for Content about that specific place this is especially powerful for travel food events or Vlog Style videos as it increases the chances of appearing in Google search results as well now to do this I'll run through one of my best performing travel Vlogs here now this travel Vlog in particular was from Mumbai India so to benefit from this you always need to add the location of that place in the location setting here but also mention the location in your description as much as you can naturally like this but also in the hashtags and then down here in the tags too and then finally if you can in the title now I always used to include each country's flag in the title too just to help with that extra bit of SEO so by strategically optimizing and tagging specific locations you can attract both local and Global audiences bringing in more organic views without any extra effort now for those of you lovely bench that are still with me me and my team have been working tirelessly behind the scenes creating the best YouTuber Academy out there for 2025 it has well over 10 years of the best YouTube growth knowledge to help you guys hit your first 10 or 100,000 subscribers and I will also give every single one of you the opportunity to make money even if you don't have any subscribers yet it's going to have hundreds of lectures and hours and hours of videos on how to grow every single aspect of your YouTube channel and it will also have the biggest community of YouTubers all supporting each other so if you're interested in becoming a founding member of this Academy sign up with the d The Creator link below in the description now the academy should be released on the 21st of March so if you're watching this video after the 21st of March hit that link in the description and join my Academy I promise you you won't regret it thanks very much for watching I hope you enjoyed it I hope you learned something I guess I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [295 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Randomcontentstudios [1 likes]: But I do random stuff so I can't really use them tips
  3. @HEY-w3o: Any small content creators here for supporting each other?
  4. @SigmaSigmaMC: I haven’t grown in 3 months 😭🥀
  5. @JaypeeMahn-Jaypeerp6sx: Please I'm interested ❤all the way from 🇵🇬Papua New Guinea
  6. @PetstudioAi26: I’d like to ask for some advice—I started a new channel in January and posted 6 short videos, but then I stopped for three months. Now, I want to take it seriously and manage it properly. Should I continue using the current channel, or should I start a new one? I'm asking because the two videos I posted recently have very few views—less than 10 people watched them! 😂
  7. @SimplyCarol-rk2vy: Small YouTubers let’s go😊
  8. @Nature018enthusiast: 😮😮
  9. @Johntvy67: lets go
  10. @Scenic_Seeker: My shorts was stuck, I did few changes watching this video and helped me to get a sudden boost in number of views. Thanks Man.
  11. @IgorAndJane: Didn't know about channel tags. I learned something new from your video. Thanks 👍.
  12. @SimpleMelodicMovements: Nice information
  13. @Tik_Blaise_Official1: You are the best one
  14. @zahidexplain-v3r: So we should upload video in yt studio desktop mode?
  15. @souravbanik2009: Great information ❤
  16. @kamikaiju_8: Support...
  17. @Editor_Jke7: Small content creators here 😊
  18. @trexeIe: Wish me luck I just a new channel yesterday and it’s my first time
  19. @DamianCiortea: Im from mobile and I dont fucking now where the setting with chanale is
  20. @Manhwa-hub-j1e: YouTube is hiding my videos even when i searched for the videos titles it doesn't show up at all instead I get a message saying this title isn't available on YouTube

- After watching this, your brain will not be the same | Lara Boyd | TEDxVancouver: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Jessica Lee Reviewer: Denise RQ So how do we learn? And why does some of us learn things more easily than others? So, as I just mentioned, I'm Dr. Lara Boyd. I am a brain researcher here at the University of British Columbia. These are the questions that fascinate me. (Cheers) (Applause) So brain research is one of the great frontiers in the understanding of human physiology, and also in the consideration of what makes us who we are. It's an amazing time to be a brain researcher, and I would argue to you that I have the most interesting job in the world. What we know about the brain is changing at a breathtaking pace. And much of what we thought we knew and understood about the brain turns out to be not true or incomplete. Some of these misconceptions are more obvious than others. For example, we used to think that after childhood the brain did not, really could not change. And it turns out that nothing could be farther from the truth. Another misconception about the brain is that you only use parts of it at any given time and it's silent when you do nothing. Well, this is also untrue. It turns out that even when you're at a rest and thinking of nothing, your brain is highly active. So it's been advances in technology, such as MRI, that's allowed us to make these and many other important discoveries. And perhaps the most exciting, the most interesting and transformative of these discoveries is that, every time you learn a new fact or skill, you change your brain. It's something we call neuroplasticity. So as little as 25 years ago, we thought that after about puberty, the only changes that took place in the brain were negative: the loss of brain cells with aging, the result of damage, like a stroke. And then, studies began to show remarkable amounts of reorganization in the adult brain. And the ensuing research has shown us that all of our behaviors change our brain. That these changes are not limited by age, it's a good news right? And in fact, they are taking place all the time. And very importantly, brain reorganization helps to support recovery after you damage your brain. The key to each of these changes is neuroplasticity. So what does it look like? So your brain can change in three very basic ways to support learning. And the first is chemical. So your brain actually functions by transferring chemicals signals between brain cells, what we call neurons, and this triggered a series of actions and reactions. So to support learning, your brain can increase the amount or the concentrations of these chemical signaling that's taking place between neurons. Because this change can happen rapidly, this supports short-term memory or the short-term improvement in the performance of a motor skill. The second way that the brain can change to support learning is by altering its structure. So during learning, the brain can change the connections between neurons. Here, the physical structure of the brain is actually changing so this takes a bit more time. These type of changes are related to long-term memory, the long-term improvement in a motor skill. These processes interact, and let me give you an example of how. We've all tried to learn a new motor skill, maybe playing the piano, maybe learning to juggle. You've had the experience of getting better and better within a single session of practice, and thinking "I have got it." And then, maybe you return the next day, and all those improvements from the day before are lost. What happened? Well, in the short-term, your brain was able to increase the chemical signaling between your neurons. But for some reason, those changes did not induce the structural changes that are necessary to support long-term memory. Remember that long-term memories take time. And what you see in the short term does not reflect learning, It's these physical changes that are now going to support long-term memories, and chemical changes that support short-term memories. Structural changes also can lead to integrated networks of brain regions that function together And they can also lead to certain brain regions that are important for very specific behaviors to change your structure or to enlarge. So here's some examples of that. People who read Braille have larger hand sensory areas in their brain than those of us who don't. Your dominant hand motor region, which is on the left side of your brain, if you are right-handed, is larger than the other side. And research shows the London taxi cab drivers who actually have to memorize a map of London to get their taxi cab license, they have larger brain regions devoted to spatial, or mapping memories. The last way that your brain is by altering its function. As you use a brain region, It becomes more and more excitable and easy to use again. And as your brain has these areas that increase their excitability, the brain shifts how and when they are activated. With learning, we see that whole networks of brain activity are shifting and changing. So neuroplasticity is supported by chemical, by structural, and by functional changes, and these are happening across the whole brain. They can occur in isolation from one or another, but most often, they take place in concert. Together, they support learning. And they're taking place all the time. I just told you really how awesomely neuroplastic your brain is. Why can't you learn anything you choose to with ease? Why do our kids sometimes fail in school? Why as we age do we tend to forget things? And why don't people fully recover from brain damage? That is: what is it that limits and facilitates neuroplasticity? And so this is what I study. I study specifically how it relates to recovery from stroke. Recently, stroke dropped from being the third leading cause of death in the United States to be the forth leading cause of death. Great news, right? But actually, it turns out that the number of people having a stroke has not declined. We are just better at keeping people alive after a severe stroke. It turns out to be very difficult to help the brain recover from stroke. And frankly, we have failed to develop effective rehabilitation interventions. The net result of this is that stroke is the leading cause of long-term disability in adults in the world; individuals with stroke are younger and tending to live longer with that disability, and research from my group actually shows that the health-related quality of life of Canadians with stroke has declined. So clearly we need to be better at helping people recover from stroke. This is an enormous societal problem, and it's one that we are not solving. So what can be done? One thing is absolutely clear: the best driver of neuroplastic change in your brain is your behavior. The problem is that the dose of behavior, the dose of practice that's required to learn new and relearn old motor skills, is very large. And how to effectively deliver these large doses of practice is a very difficult problem; It's also a very expensive problem. So the approach that my research has taken is to develop therapies that prime or that prepare the brain to learn. And these have included brain simulation, exercise, and robotics. But through my research, I've realized that a major limitation to the development of therapies that speed recovery from stroke is that patterns of neuroplasticity are highly variable from person to person. As a researcher, variability used to drive me crazy. It makes it very difficult to use the statistics to test your data and your ideas. And because of this, medical intervention studies are specifically designed to minimize variability. But in my research, it's becoming really clear that the most important, the most informative data we collect is showing this variability. So by studying the brain after stroke, we've learned a lot, and I think these lessons are very valuable in other areas. The first lesson is that the primary driver of change in your brain is your behavior, so there is no neuroplasticity drug you can take. Nothing is more effective than practice at helping you learn, and the bottom line is you have to do the work. And in fact, my research has shown increased difficulty, increased struggle if you will, during practice, actually leads to both more learning, and greater structural change in the brain. The problem here is that neuroplastcity can work both ways. It can be positive, you learn something new, and you refine a motor skill. And it also can be negative though, you forgot something you once knew, you become addicted to drugs, maybe you have chronic pain. So your brain is tremendously plastic, and it's been shaped both structurally and functionally by everything you do, but also by everything that you don't do. The second lesson we've learned about the brain is that there is no one-size-fits-all approach to learning. So there is no recipe for learning. Consider the popular belief that it takes 10,000 hours of practice to learn and to master a new motor skill. I can assure you it's not quite that simple. For some of us, it's going to take a lot more practice, and for others it may take far less. So the shaping of our plastic brains is far too unique for there to be any single intervention that's going to work for all of us. This realization has forced us to consider something call personalized medicine. This is the idea that to optimize outcomes each individual requires their own intervention. And the idea actually comes from cancer treatments. And here it turns out that genetics are very important in matching certain types of chemotherapy with specific forms of cancer. My research is showing that this also applies to recovery from stroke. There're certain characteristics of brain structure and function we called biomarkers. And these biomarkers are proving to be very helpful and helping us to match specific therapies with individual patients. The data from my lab suggests it's a combination of biomarkers that best predicts neuroplastic change and patterns of recovery after stroke. And that's not surprising, given how complicated the human brain is. But I also think we can consider this concept much more broadly. Given the unique structure and function of each of our brains what we've learned about neuroplasticity after stroke applies to everyone. Behaviors that you employ in your everyday life are important. Each of them is changing your brain. And I believe we have to consider not just personalized medicine but personalized learning. The uniqueness of your brain will affect you both as a learner and also as a teacher. This idea helps us to understand why some children can thrive in tradition education settings and others don't; why some of us can learn languages easily and yet, others can pick up any sport and excel. So when you leave this room today, your brain will not be the same as when you entered this morning. And I think that's pretty amazing. But each of you is going to have changed your brain differently. Understanding these differences, these individual patterns, this variability and change is going to enable the next great advance in neuroscience; it's going to allow us to develop new and more effective interventions, and allow for matches between learners and teachers, and patients and interventions. And this does not just apply the recovery from stroke, it applies to each of us, as a parent, as a teacher, as a manager, and also because you are at TEDx today, as a lifelong learner. Study how and what you learn best. Repeat those behaviors that are healthy for your brain, and break those behaviors and habits that are not. Practice. Learning is about doing the work that your brain requires. So the best strategies are going to vary between individuals. You know what, they're even going to vary within individuals. So for you, learning music may come very easily, but learning to snowboard, much harder. I hope that you leave today with a new appreciation of how magnificent your brain is. You and your plastic brain are constantly being shaped by the world around you. Understand that everything you do, everything you encounter, and everything you experience is changing your brain. And that can be for better, but it can also be for worse. So when you leave today, go out and build the brain you want. Thank you very much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudyNow-11111 [2 likes]: who is watching in 2030?
  2. @HasanAhmed-h5e [1 likes]: Anyone 22 may 2026
  3. @poojabhat86 [1 likes]: How ironic, I learnt nothing from this video!
  4. @gerrysunandyhudaja599 [1 likes]: "learning is about doing the work that your brain requires"
  5. @JahidWasTaken [1 likes]: any1 in may 2026??!??!?!?
  6. @nyamaahrichard827 [1 likes]: Who is here in 2050?
Am ahead of time.
😂
  7. @queenofmelody-o7t [1 likes]: Anyone here
 in May 2026?
  8. @iluinternationalbaccalaureate [1 likes]: Anonyone loving this TED? XD :volcano-green-lava-orange::volcano-green-lava-orange::volcano-green-lava-orange::volcano-green-lava-orange::volcano-green-lava-orange::volcano-green-lava-orange:
  9. @MindSecrets-x9i [1 likes]: 2026
  10. @nasrinsultana8913: brain is most important organ in our human body ❤❤
  11. @QRQ4L: Here I am. It is 05/17/2026.
  12. @seekinghighs: Ain’t gonna lie by the title alone i thought it’s gonna be some bs everyday advice that everyone gives but this was genuinely really good insight.
  13. @vivianavinni: 10yrs ago without AI, THIS MUCH RESEARCH IS PEAK
  14. @Azzaagamal-f2x: مين هنا ذيي
  15. @bUSiness-डाaeNeखeiन्ं-Viva: There are alot of things to implement through this 😇 12:56
  16. @damiangalinski8087: My brain was never the same after this.
  17. @sunilchhabra9656: ❤
  18. @RahulKumar-d1q8i: Who is here may 2026
  19. @SSadiq-h9i: may 2026
  20. @seyiatunbi: This is awesome, Thank you Dr. Lara Boyd

- Why Kate Bush’s Viral Success from Stranger Things is Radical: Kind: captions Language: en - There's this beat that's just over and over again. (Nate vocalizing) (Julia vocalizing) (drum beat syncs) That bending (vocalizing) (synth music plays) Sounds funny when I sing it. ("Running Up That Hill" by Kate Bush) ♪ And if I only could ♪ ♪ I'd make a deal with God ♪ ♪ And I'd get him to swap our places ♪ - [TV] Kate Bush's 1985 song "Running Up That Hill" has taken over TikTok and music charts. - To use a technical term, Kate Bush has been crushing it. Kate Bush, because she started her own record label, maintained ownership of her recordings throughout. - A 63-year-old British woman topping the US charts and streaming like mad. - [Male Narrator] 44 years into her career, "Running Up That Hill" has earned Kate Bush a million dollars in royalties over the last month. - [TV] So why is (cool synth music) it significant that Kate Bush owned her music, and what does that teach us about the history of music royalties? - [TV Voice] Let's get a Historian's Take on "Running Up That Hill" by Kate Bush. - There's a very clear reason why this 1985 song is suddenly hugely popular, and it all has to do with the Netflix series, "Stranger Things." (intense string music) ♪ If I only could ♪ "Running Up That Hill" is kind of special in the world of the show, because it has such an integral part of the show's plot. If you listen to your favorite song, then you can be protected from these evil monsters and "Running Up That Hill" is the character Max's favorite song. - Now! Max! Max, wake up. - It not only acts as a music cue, it acts as this important plot device, and I think that's why anyone who watched the show, immediately went out and streamed the song afterwards. And then from there, it spread to people who had never seen the show, and all of a sudden, is one of the most popular songs in the world. - [Man] The streaming data that illustrates just how much larger the pop was for this song than other songs that went viral. - [TV] Before we get into what this song's success tells us about music royalties, what exactly makes "Running Up That Hill" so iconic? - I remember when it first came out in 1985 thinking, "oh my gosh, Kate Bush has broken new ground here," because it was a complete mixture of this really propulsive dance, rhythm, and percussion, and then her swooping up and down the octaves with her wonderful melodies and vivid lyrics. ♪ Let's exchange the experience ♪ - The combination of the instruments that Kate Bush is using, a lot of them are cutting edge instruments from the 1980s, like the Fairlight CMI. That's what gives you that iconic melody that starts this song. - It's like... (piano playing) But you have a pitch that's sort of (vocalizes) whenever you have this like gliding, there becomes like a delay a little bit in like the attack. The chorus gets offset and the chords hit at a different place in the melody. There's different ones, so the one here is "if," on the first one I mean, is (singing) if I only could, I'd make a deal, (speaking) and deal is one, (singing) a deal with God. (speaking) And on the third chorus, (singing) if I only could, (speaking) one, (singing) I'd make a deal with God, (speaking) one, (singing) and I'd get him to swap (speaking) one (singing) our places. The general feeling we end up having is that something has changed, but it's subliminal. - "Running Up That Hill" is a song about gender fluidity, it's very now. - [Kate Bush] And that if a man could become a woman, and a woman, a man within their relationship, that perhaps they'd understand a bit more about each other. - [Interviewer] And that's the deal with God? - Yes. - And that really fits in (synth music) with the whole theme of "Stranger Things," the show, and that sense of collapsing different worlds and collapsing boundaries between people, between genders, and there's a sense of the uncanny. You know, Kate Bush is great at that sense of uncanny. - [TV] So much success has Kate Bush seen from the virality of this song? - We can't say with certainty how much money is going into Kate Bush's pocketbook as a result of this resurgence of "Running Up That Hill," but it's definitely in the area of millions of dollars, and that's just from the streaming royalties. - Which is highly unusual for artists who usually don't earn much from streaming at all. - She is in a somewhat unique position of being the sole owner of the master recordings of this song and all the songs from the album "Hounds of Love" from 1985. This is a relatively rare thing in the music industry where usually artists only own a portion or sometimes none of their master recordings. It's their record label that actually owns them, and the artist either forgoes or splits the royalties with their record label. - So when Kate Bush first emerged in the 1970s, female artists were very few and far between. Record companies didn't really take them seriously. They didn't think that they had longevity as artists, so they tended to treat them as novelty. As she said, you know, you've got to be prepared and you've got to be willing to fight. And she knew that right from the start. She was unusual in the amount of autonomy that she had and the amount of creative power that she had. - [Kate Bush] Record companies, when I make an album, I think about the music. With me, I think they've left me alone and let me do what I want, which is fantastic. - Now, certain artists over time have pushed back against that status quo. And one of the most notable examples is Prince who had a very public battle in the 1990s with his record label Warner Brothers. - [Prince] Ever since my third album, I wasn't really taking large advances from the recording companies. I was recording the albums myself in my own studio. So the way I looked at it, I owned the work, because I paid for it and I did all the work, I created it, so I felt like it should belong to me. - Prince even said if you don't own your masters, your master owns you. So this is a real historic injustice as perceived by artists in the music industry. - Obviously this story with Kate Bush's song is a really good story, but I think that in general, there are a lot of problems with the way that the money is distributed with streaming. - Prior to the streaming economy, an artists stood to profit much more from the sale of, say, a single CD, because the CD was a relatively expensive item, and artists were getting a percentage of that. This was actually a way to sustain a viable career. Musicians, I think infamously, are paid very little by Spotify, literally fractions of pennies per stream. - Their average rate per stream is 0.003. What we're demanding is a cent per stream. - Right now there's a few notable campaigns to to change these kind of contracts. One example would be UMAW, the musician's union, that's organizing for change at Spotify, through their #JusticeAtSpotify campaign. So there are artists who are pushing back and trying to create new precedents against the historic inequities that exist within the record business. - A lot of artists have to really fight for owning their own masters. Not many get that, because most record companies won't really give that concession. It's only very established artists who are quite powerful like say Drake or Adele or Taylor Swift who can hold out for that. - I think it's always good that there are discussions about this especially with Kate Bush owning her masters, because obviously anything like this as a role model will encourage change. It was probably the best news I had heard in like a really long time. The fact that that many people are enjoying her music, not because it's surprising to me, but because it really proves something to me that I have always believed, maybe being an overly optimistic and or naive person, which is that people want creative music. (lo-fi music) - [TV] Thanks for watching "Historian's Take." Make sure to like, subscribe, and comment. See you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Boleskinebeatz [3 likes]: One of the fascinating facts about Kate's autonomy when it came to owning her masters is that it's all due to a pretty ballsy gamble on her part. When she released The Dreaming in 1982 it only sold 
60, 000 copies, whereas as the previous album, Never Forever hit no:1 and sold over 650,000 copies, Lionheart sold 300,000 copies and The Kick inside eventually sold over a million. This panicked EMI who were alarmed at her new and distinctly uncommercial direction and combined with the perceived oddity of the album in general meant they seriously considered dropping her. However, she was such a high profile artist they knew it would reflect really badly on them as a label. Enter Kate's family who were overseeing her career and who suggested EMI license Kate's music from her as a way to save face. Given that EMI thought Kate had basically sunk her career they were more than happy to agree. It's unlikely that EMI would have seen that Kate would turn everything on its head with 
The Hounds of Love going on to eventually shift almost 2 million copies and so the rest is history. Sometimes artists have the foresight and self belief in their worth to negotiate seemingly impossible deals but it requires a lot of confidence and good timing and luck.

George Lucas got 20th Century Fox to accept him waiving his $500,000 directors fee to make Star Wars in return for sequel and merchandise rights. 20th Century Fox thought the film was rubbish and the idea of selling kids toys didn't appear to them in the slightest so they thought they were getting a great deal. GL went on to sell the franchise for 4 Billion.
  2. @MichaelCampbell-y3g [1 likes]: She seems, like Bowie, to be very smart with her talents!
  3. @editek5992 [1 likes]: Gender fluidity??? Really???
  4. @cassie.minimalist [1 likes]: I love she’s still alive when this success came! I hope she’s swimming in her money xD they could never pick a better song for that scene!
  5. @EixtremeDrummer: One million dollars delayed 40 years.
  6. @alanOHALAN: It is battle song against the children traffickers and satanic cults. Her bow at the end. Cults play the game of hunting kids. Do your research and you will find out.
  7. @amnm920: "iT's aBoUt gEnDeR fLuIdItY"....No it's not. She explained that it's about swapping places to get a better understanding of each other.
  8. @AstroZombie1138: It's Kate Bush I don't know why anyone would be surprised. She has the voice of an angel and writes songs like Wuthering Heights  Man with the child in his eyes, Breathing, Cloudbusting and Hounds of Love etc etc all the way to Fifty words for snow. Also given her house could at any moment fall into the sea the royalties were timely. Also I write this as a punk rocker and KT fan.
  9. @DorianSA: This song is 3 years older than I am but I have loved it for as long as I can remember.
  10. @3DJapan: It's a good song but I prefer the Anyma version with Meg Myers singing.
  11. @MetaMechh: Between genders lmao

I can't wait till this is a footnote in history this time period
  12. @marisaelenenadiejamusiccom3974: I think anything that’s post 1970 is pretty lame. Anyone who educate themselves about music will know that Kate Bush is very overrated running up that hill is not anything special people have become very uninformed. You’ll have to listen to lots of music. You’ll have to know a lot about music even prior to the 1920s you’ll have to learn about music of every kind in order to know about it if you know just about the 90s or 80s and a little bit of the 70s, you probably wouldn’t know anything about music and just listening to this kind of music, you probably are very limited and your understanding.
  13. @darrenelkins5923: Spotify payments seem to be worse now
  14. @darrenelkins5923: There was a lot of actual gender fluidity in 8os pop as well as androgynousness.
This was neither
It’s about a man and a woman not understanding each other. 

What’s the woman’s phd in?
She also said something about how amazing it is to have a 63 year old woman at the top of the charts.
What!?!

That’s not how that works!
Regardless, it’s back at the top because,
A, it’s a great song, tune and production.
B, it was chosen by so,e other party to ‘star’ in a modern show.

It is deservedly, recognised for its brilliance and Kate bush helmed the entire production. 
But it’s not great because she is a woman, nor is it great despite her being a woman; it’s simply, great.
  15. @reydelosjimenez4934: #SuperLongOverlyDramaticComingOutEpisode
  16. @N0Charlie: IT'S NOT ABOUT GENDER FLUIDITY!! Both are separate entities w complete character variances.. We're doomed to never know (and no amount of hormone replacement or cross dressing will change that)
  17. @stevene_: you got the why music/song is used wrong...

it doesn't protect you from the monster's, its used as a bridge or tether between vecnas mind and the real world, it guides max. (kinda like we think music can be heard by people in comas to help them connect to the real world.

admittedly there's other music references, but just because it works for max they think it would work for nancy, but it doesn't.

also max admits in s05 to holly "music was her way out she has to find her own" or something like that.
  18. @EDDGC: Woman said it is about gender switching, but this is not about a man become a woman and vice versa not on the way she understood it, not materially it is about empathy trying to understand others view, a man understanding a woman's perspective and a woman understanding a man's perspective.
  19. @truthorpropaganda9001: It is absolutely NOT a gender fluidity thing. It is a seeing through the opposite of TWO genders perspective.
  20. @sunnydhaliwal9012: This song was first used in BBC 1 children program called Running Scared. Look it up 😊❤

- Make An Impact - Inspirational Video: Kind: captions Language: es-419 Todos los audios, videos, películas y canciones usados están en la descripción Ben Lionel Scott presenta Una vez que estemos en nuestro lecho de muerte No te preocuparás de cuánto dinero alguna vez tuviste O cuánto poder tuviste, Ni del prestigio Verás que todo fue un juego, que todo fue una ilusión La única cosa que importará es El impacto que hiciste en la vida de otras personas Todos estamos en caminos distintos Haz un impacto Pero lo más hermoso acerca de nuestra vida en la Tierra Es que en mi funeral No van a hablar acerca de mi éxito Van hablar acerca de quién fue Nick Y cómo Nick vivió Y cómo Nick amó Y alentó El éxito es muy importante Pero algo aún más importante que el éxito Es crear un impacto Es saber que no has estado en la Tierra en vano Es saber que porque has estado aquí Has bendecido vidas y has ayudado que personas crezcan Y has hecho de este mundo un lugar mejor El efecto que haces en otros Es la cosa más valiosa que existe Todo lo que ganaste en la vida se destruirá y desaparecerá Y lo que quedará de ti Será lo que estaba en tu corazón La vida es un espejo Y la vida no nos da lo que queremos La vida nos dice quiénes somos Cuando nacías tu lloraste mientras que el mundo se alegraba Vive de tal manera, que cuando mueras El mundo llore Mientras tu eres felíz Suscríbete para más videos inspiradores y motivacionales Subtítulado por Samuel Sánchez

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenLionelScott [52 likes]: Download this video and audio version by subscribing on PayPal, plus early access to all new videos and more. First month is free! Cancel anytime.
Sign up & more info here: http://benlionelscott.com/subscribe
  2. @LaurenMichelle2026 [1 likes]: ♾💓♾
  3. @keithedwards9498: After we die, our family will walk into where we lived and all the stuff that we worked so hard to collect, that we spend time and effort in our lives, some to the cost of everything else, and they will look at it all and say what are we going to do with all of this junk. 
Life is not about the things we collect, it about the people we collect around our lives to the point they feel
More valued than anything else.
  4. @RavinderSingh-ft5dw: Superb
  5. @asnnew24: “This video doesn’t just inspire, it creates impact. 💯”
  6. @kingbowser6991: When you’ve realized your expiration day you won’t care what ppl said about you either you’ll care If you chased you goals and dreams and put in the work.
  7. @happygwenzi5181: Thank you
  8. @motivation_club7: Hello friend. May I translate and publish your channel videos in another language?
  9. @derekwhite7634: life is a vapor! Don't waste it on nonsense!!
  10. @jackieanderson9408: 👍🏿
  11. @aryanchadha3894: amazing editing, which software do you use? @BenLionelScott
  12. @ForestViVu: great video
  13. @theresiliencedoctor001: Thank you so much for preparing this great message and sharing it!
  14. @Elizabeth4JesusAmen: That is the most powerful video i've ever watched.
  15. @mariamakorede6537: Powerful message.👏👏👏
  16. @kjhoops673: This video is so inspirational and it makes us better people and grow ❤️
  17. @SafeSpaceInc: ♥
  18. @SwordoftheSavior: Nonsense, impact on others lives means nothing if you don't share Jesus with them. The only thing that WILL matter at the end of our earthly lives is whether or not we know Jesus as Lord....period.
  19. @mohsinsayed7254: I am in Recruitment work for US market . I am a manger of small team of 10 members.

It's been few years with the startup now again the situation we did not get placements ...there is slowness in client response our efforts is there.
The candidate does not respond sometime no interview I hope we get through this situation bcz no placement no income for company tricy business sometime can give a lot sometime it's always sturggle
  20. @johnchun370: 2:07

- How to IMMEDIATELY Change Your Mental State - Tony Robbins Motivation: Kind: captions Language: en people are not one way we are a reflection of the states we're living in when you're in a frustrated state an overwhelmed state a tired state your brain processes completely differently than if you're in a passionate state whether you're feeling determined whether you're feeling committed whether you feel completely resolved so learning to change the leader's state learning how to change your own state because you know people one of the silliest questions i get asked is you're not really that happy are you or you have bad days don't you of course they have you know bad times but i don't have bad days anymore and it's not bs it's because i've trained myself like an athlete to go in these peak states so often that they're just natural for me it's like building a muscle so it's not like i'm so smart or i'm just so positive it's just like why would i waste my time stressing out i have a 90 second rule i'll stress for 90 seconds but stress is not going to solve it let me put myself back in a different state i've been teaching for years that a radical change in your body instantly changes your biochemistry 38 years have taught it two years ago at harvard they did a study scientifically proven what i've been teaching all these decades where they they called power postures yeah the wonder woman yeah spamming like wonder woman or superman for two minutes or like you see guys like this pull back like that for two minutes literally increases your testosterone in your biochemistry within two minutes by it drops cortisol by 18 which is the stress hormone and increases your chance of taking a more risky behavior which is what's required of the leader by 33 percent two minutes now that's just standing a certain way i show people use their voice their body their movement which is ten times more dynamic than just a stiff stance and when you change your state your mental emotional state you change your points um if there are people that are born and upred you may be born with more certainty like people are willing to take more risks there certainly are people of that nature but anyone can be a leader in something that they decide to become masterful in you can be the leader of your own life everyone should lead their own life you should be the leader of your family and so i think everyone can be a leader but there are different types and different styles of leadership and i believe that leadership is a skill it starts with having something that you're committed to that's larger than yourself a vision that's bigger than yourself if there's a large enough vision if you have enough passion for that vision then you're going to have enough drive to actually start to execute and then leadership is the capacity to discipline your disappointment because you're going to have to go through failures and instead of making failures you have to learn from those and then it comes down to the skill of influence once again and so anyone can learn anyone can develop a vision anyone can uncover their passion anyone can learn to influence that's a skill that can be learned so yes leadership can be taught and leadership can be learned can everyone be a leader the answer is yes because there's so many different things to lead in and it's not a situation like you have to follow me free to lead i just have to know what it is i truly stand for i always say there are two things that influence everyone if you want to be a leader you have to know how to change other people's stakes a person is in a no state a person's in an angry state a person's in a frustrated state you have to be able to influence their state because if you change their state you're going to change the result they get but the second thing you have to understand is what are people's blueprints blueprints my shorthand for what are the values what do they believe what do they fear i always say to people and life is found in the dance between what you desire most and what you fear most if i want to lead you and support you i got to know your goals your desires i don't know what you're scared about what you're fearful about what stresses you out if i understand that i can communicate in a way that will inspire you to maximize not only when i'm here that's management leadership is i'm gone and you've raised your own standard and you're going to continue to perform at a higher level

  Top Comments:
  1. @YaNeK92 [4 likes]: 2:08 lol can't believe the guy actually looks at his phone during his time with Tony Robbins.. 😂🤦🏼‍♂️
  2. @AndreaLinde-r5v [2 likes]: All mothers are leaders then❤
  3. @callmediara [1 likes]: Your mental state isn't fixed, it's a muscle you can train. By changing your physiology and using techniques like the 90-second rule, you can shift from overwhelm to peak performance instantly⚡🧘‍♂🦁
  4. @KathySnyder-l3z [1 likes]: Im going to do that. No matter what it is. Rise up because I deserve it. Thank you Tony
  5. @meat4078 [1 likes]: With 8 min more you give little blood to those that they need it. 😊
  6. @joshuapinter: Fucking eh. Don't be afraid. Failing and winning are both living. Not trying and regretting is a miserable, boring existence. 

Dare to live the one life that you have.
  7. @RobbinsForce99: very nice big fan
  8. @elementstosuccess: the music helps 
sort of like a movie trailer that i want to see
  9. @Horrible.reviews.from.Mr.M: State, change your posture and change your feel
  10. @AlesiaD.Dushku: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  11. @PuneetJindal-x5w: Bye
  12. @tmac9208: :45 "I don't have bad days anymore"... cause I have 100s of millions of dollars..lol
  13. @BuddhakumariRai: Thank❓❓ you want myself to get the❤❤ year old boy👦👦👦👦 I am so😉 happy😊 birthday🎂🎂 party🎉🎉🎉🎉 at me🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳 nahin🥵🥵 hota🏀🏀🏀🏀
  14. @therainbowcodebook: [EIRENE] is the Greek word meaning [PEACE] Strongs #1515. Also translated as [SHALOM] in the Hebrew language. Occuring over 100 times throughout the Bible, EIRENE/SHALOM is defined as; "a place of rest, calmness, quietness, repose, tranquility, a place of order, absence of strife, freedom from enmity or war. A state of reconciliation with men and God." Noteworthy, EIRENE is also the word for which the country "Ireland" was named. Compare the following verses:

"The (true) way of peace they have not known." Romans 3:17

"YHWH turn His face toward you and grant you His shalom!"
Numbers 6:26 

"If not, while the other is still far away, he sends an ambassador and asks for peace. "Luke 14:32

“Blessed is the King who comes in the name of YAHWEH ! Shalom in heaven and glory in the highest!”Luke 19:38 

“If only you had recognized this day the things that lead to shalom!"Luke 19:42 

"While they were speaking of these things, Yeshua Himself stood in the midst of them and said, “Shalom Aleichem!”
Luke 24:36 

"But there will be glory, honor, and shalom to everyone who does good—to the Jew first and also to the Greek."
Romans 2:10

"YESHUA/JESUS said to them again, "Peace be unto you. Just as My Father has sent.'"John 20:19

"Peace, be unto you." John 10:26

"Grace to you and peace from God our Father." Roman 1:7

"Depart, and go in peace." Acts 16:36

“Shalom I leave you, My shalom I give to you. But not as the world gives! Do not let your heart be troubled or afraid." John 14:27
  15. @indioj: Power posture, get some!!!
  16. @SystemGlitcher1: great advice thank you 🙏
  17. @LvrRtdgr: Waiting for him to turn up on the epstein list
  18. @jmseipp: Attitude is Everything - Bumper Sticker
  19. @darrenhilson8558: Toxic positivity. Completely unrealistic.It’s ok to be pissed off . It’s part of the human condition
  20. @teddyboy252: When Tony does not swear he's awesome

- Best Short Motivational Speech Video - 24 HOURS - 1-Minute Motivation #2: Kind: captions Language: en SPEAKER: If you only have 24 hours in a day, your success is dependent upon how you use the 24. You got to hear me. People talk about Oprah Winfrey, you know, Ted Turner, Warren Buffett. Listen to me. I don't care how much money you make. You only get 24 hours in a day and the difference between Oprah and the person that's broke is Oprah uses her 24 hours wisely. That's it. Listen to me. That's it. You get 24. I don't care you broke, you grew up broke. I don't care if you grew up rich, I don't care you're in college, you're not in college. You only get 24 hours and I blew up literally. I went from being a high school dropout to selling 6,000 books in less than six months. What happened in my 24 hours? I was like, okay, here you got to get a grip on your 24 hours 'cause you bought to be broke for the rest of your life. And it just, all I need you to do for me. I can tell you all about your life. If you just write down your 24-hour schedule for me, you let me look at it. I can tell you where you're gonna be in five years. in ten years. I can tell you where you gonna be in 20 years, if you keep that schedule.

  Top Comments:
  1. @inspired_369: When you have 5% battery and need motivation ❤😊
  2. @MINDBOOSTTV-n5n: I need motivation for my life
  3. @Thebecomingdailyhq: No truer words
  4. @motivandote83: Most people live like they have unlimited time and delay what matters most: love, forgiveness, honesty, faith, connection.
  5. @MAMA-ry6nm: اليفني
  6. @ThaiMinhTienDat: Thinking about my family's sacrifices really puts everything into perspective for me. It’s a powerful reminder that discipline matters way more than just feeling inspired. 💯
  7. @Vidya_tarang24: ❤
  8. @fahdalsulami-r8t: سلام بعد كم يوم نسولف
  9. @MindSparkDaily-4t: ❤❤❤
  10. @suriamurthy4486: We don't like shouting videos which damage  our ear drums
  11. @Theworldofknowing-q7g: Ya
  12. @MindsetFuel-x1b: My heart ❤️ break 💔 my girlfriend.
  13. @247Empowerment: This is powerful information ⚡
  14. @ASIZshorts-214: 2026
  15. @healingonwheels: I broke in silence, but rebuilt myself in courage.
This isn’t just my story—it’s proof that even shattered souls can rise.
  16. @DailyClipFusion: ❤
  17. @fahdalsulami-r8t: اذا على هذا الوضع  الوضع مطمن  الخوف تكون يدك من حديد؟؟؟
  18. @fahdalsulami-r8t: نفسي اعرف وين تبي توصل؟؟
  19. @LiftedMind.M: Great
  20. @dailysoftremindersofficial: ❤

- Social Media Corrupts Human Interactions | Jack Symonds | Part 1 of 6: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the motion is this house believes social media corrupts human interactions and I now look to Jack Simons standing committee lady Margaret Hall to open the case for a proposition thank you Mr President and thank thank you for having me as one of your guest speakers this evening I would like to start by saying that I am most certainly not against social media any one of my friends or followers will tell you that I'm certainly not averse to the semi-regular Instagram post Facebook upload or even Snapchat story perhaps even more importantly as an Australian student social media allows me to effortlessly stay in contact with my friends and family around World more importantly still social media acts as a positive implication for many people living in developing countries and some of the world's largest social media companies are at the heart of these positive changes Facebook's internet.org for example has given internet access to over 25 million people around the world who have been able to reap the many benefits that the internet provides these people live in countries ranging from Kenya to colia and the program is only in its first two years social media gives a voice to the people it allows us to fight for what we believe in it keeps people safe and it allows us to create a movement in the name of what we think is right but the fact of the matter is that the motion put before the house tonight is not about the benefits of social media it is not about whether or not the internet is good or bad the motion put before us tonight is about the impact that social media can have on our interactions on our relationships and on each and every one of our lives on a deeply personal level as a society we are constantly feeling the need to be seen by massive amounts of people we are growing more and more dependent on instant gratification and in order to feel included we are forced to post gram snap tweet upload pin checkin swipe like share react or message our real human connections are being replaced by virtual relationships the simple truth is that for the most part we are spending huge proportions of Our Lives living in the Digital Universe and it is corrupting the way that we act with each other but before I go into more detail about the ways in which social media is affecting our lives it falls on me to introduce tonight's opposition speaking first for the opposition tonight is my friend L vadlamani now in the spirit of tonight's debate Facebook memes often tell us to find you someone who can do both but as the treasurer elect of the Oxford Union as president of the Oxford mulus Asian society as an incoming summer intern in JP Morgan's Asset Management Division and as a regular attendee at all of the finest nightclubs that Oxford has to offer L vadani can not only do both she can do it all next up we have Liam Hackett founder and CEO of ditch the label Liam and I were chuckling earlier because I when I was researching him in the leadup to tonight's debate I came across the first comment on his Wikipedia page which simply read Liam Hackett should not have a Wikipedia page Liam you'll be pleased to hear that I actually disagree I have tremendous respect for you and the work that you're doing for victims of cyber bullying and I look very much forward to hearing what you have to say tonight finally closing the case for the opposition we have Dr Jessica carbiner Tinder sociologist now in an attempt to sabotage my opposition and learn about their arguments for tonight's debate I set my Tinder radius to the maximum 160 km however it was obviously far enough not far enough because Jessica we are yet to match and I still have no idea what you're going to say against me tonight Mr President these are your speakers and they are most welcome I'd now like to continue my argument by first discussing the impact that social media is having on us at an individual level because if we can agree that social media is affecting us as individuals and changing the way that we behave it follows that social media is affecting the way we interact with each other research from the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine studied over 1,700 people between the ages of 19 and 32 it was found that on average participants were spending 61 minutes per day on social media and visiting social media ites over 30 times per week this research was conducted in 2014 and the numbers have been growing steadily since that time over one quarter of the young people surveyed displayed indicators of high levels of depression and the people who most frequently checked social media were found to be 2.7 times more likely to develop depression than the average now the opposition would have you believe that this data is inaccurate perhaps is people who are already depressed that are turning to social media as an outlet while this may be true to some degree the extent of the data simply does not lie social media is causing depression for a lot of people and of course that depression is affecting the way that we interact with each other in the physical World perhaps even more troubling than the relationship between social media and depression is the relationship between social media and eating disorders in young people and I'm not just talking about young girls eating disorders today are affecting people of all genders of all Races and from all socioeconomic backgrounds and in some cases of all ages as well the rise of pro-anorexia and proia communities coupled with advancements in social media algorithms now means that these troubling communities have ways of reaching people who aren't even necessarily searching for them in the first instance as someone whose immediate family has been directly affected by the ravages of an eating disorder I can tell you that social media does have a part to play platforms like Facebook Instagram and Tumblr are giving young people distorted images of how their bodies should look and often times the the result is a serious mental illness that has far-reaching implications on loving families and loving friendship ship the mere fact that Facebook and Instagram have simple methods for reporting self Haring and suicidal content is respectable but it is also a chilling indictment of the extent of this problem so if we take a step back and examine the questions that we have looked at so far why is social media causing depression why is social media causing Eating Disorders the answer is one that I think we all inherently know by being constantly presented with highly idealized views of our peers social media elicits feelings of envy and feelings of inadequacy by instilling us with the often false belief that other people are leaving are living more successful or more fulfilling lives social media is not evil but it can very well be dishonest it presents us with a standard that is unrealistic a reality that is unreliable and a world which has been filtered and altered for the benefit of another person or group and that is the very essence of corruption not only is social media corrupting the way that we behave as individuals in our own lives it is also changing the way that we act as a society and the ways that we interact with our political leaders in the recent us election Facebook's I voted function generated 340,000 extra votes while it hasn't yet been determined whether these were in favor of Republicans or in favor of Democrats the implications on our freedom of thought are worryingly clear to give you a perhaps more serious example in Facebook's recent fake news Scandal Facebook employees were accused by Gizmodo and other journalists of falsely of of choosing the articles that appear as trending on our news feeds based on their own political beliefs this alter ation of information this filtering of our realities is once again at the very heart of what corruption really is but the issue goes deeper than any one Scandal social media is giving massive followings to people who are popular rather than people who are professional truth is quickly being replaced with speed and access and journalistic integrity is something that is quickly becoming harder and harder to find we are not having organic interactions with each other with our friends with our Idols with our families or with our political leaders and if you think we are I would urge you to be more skeptical in summary my message is simple we need not condemn social media but to be aware of the fact that it is corrupting our interactions so tonight I say to you all it's time to stop stalking and and start talking and sometimes you can learn you can learn more by looking someone in the eye than you can from looking at their social media profile proud to propose thank [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @CharmaineHabasimbi [51 likes]: I'm watching this in 2026 before my first university debate 😭
  2. @TeaOnRails [18 likes]: crazy how a 2017 debate still feels more relevant than ever rn 💀 social media really changed how humans interact fr
  3. @katsyyy.k [1 likes]: Me watching Oxford Union videos after getting rejected 😃
  4. @kirtipriya12 [1 likes]: What an amazing speaker! I just wanted to hear him keep talking.
  5. @RUMANGOGOI-e2e: THANK YOU @OxfordUnion
  6. @arnavsenw: this video had me reacting like okay damn that was actually cool every few seconds 😭🔥
  7. @kavya_nairji: the energy in this video felt super natural, not forced at all made it way more enjoyable to watch till the end 🔥
  8. @JhonatanFreitasdocarmo-x3l: Mano, o inglês falado é sureal!
  9. @RahimKhan-t7p5p: (*-*) 🫵🫵
  10. @AbdusamiyAbdugafurov: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  11. @aiym_lalala: How I want to be like he😍😍😍😍
I'll try my best to speak like this man👏👏👏👏
  12. @purbashakar5783: TRAINING MY MOM'S ALGO
  13. @nichaniee: is he came from future
  14. @w.misrulhaneema: He is really a good speaker
  15. @uzowuluphilip4518: I think the aim and purpose of social media has been totally defeated.
  16. @WardaLiaquatWarda: Ok
  17. @AnneKitungwa-h8i: That's a great speech delivering to us
  18. @NashAngelRamos: Thesame ITheTheII'mI'mII'mI'mI
  19. @NashAngelRamos: yes maam
  20. @MuhammadFayaz-l3k: ❤❤❤ thanks sir for  debating on such important issue

- Viral Debate on Ethical Storytelling EXPLAINED! - Not Everyone Will Agree’: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. So, a couple of days ago, I posted about a white woman who was suing a library who canled her onewoman show because she was portraying characters like Harriet Tubman and Mary Mloud Bthun in the show. So, I want to thank everyone who's been continuing the conversation in the comments and I wanted to respond back to some of the comments that I'm seeing because I think that they are common questions. So, like this person asked, if she wanted to remain a onewoman show, instead of portraying Harriet Tungman, she spoke about her actions, her bravery, and her life, would that be acceptable? Would that be a respectful way to showcased her? Or should she change her show to a collaboration? And I think this is a great question. And honestly, yes. There's a big difference between performing as someone, especially a person whose life has been deeply shaped by systemic oppression, and speaking about them with care and respect. When we center the storytelling around honoring, teaching, and reflecting rather than embodying, it can feel much more appropriate, especially if there's no shared identity or lived experiences from the person who is doing um the program. And if someone wanted to go even further, collaboration can be a powerful way to deepen their respect, bringing in people from the community whose story is being told. That's how we move from telling about to telling with, and that's where the connection lies. Now, this person said, "She can play these women." I disagree. And I appreciate this person for saying that plainly because they're not alone. Some people do believe that artists should be able to play any role, and I hear that. But my invitation is to think a little deeper. Not just about what's allowed, but what's responsible. Her Tubman wasn't just a character. She was a real woman whose entire life was shaped by surviving and resisting a system designed by white supremacy. When someone who hasn't lived with the weight of that system portrays her, it can feel like we're overlooking the very power imbalance that she fought against. That's the piece we're asking people to hold with care. Okay. And lastly, this person asks, "Does it mean that a white child shouldn't be allowed to read Maya Angelo poetry on a stage at school? I'm confused." Again, it's a fair question, and the answer is it depends on how it's done. A child reading a Maya Angelou poem as a way to express admiration, especially in a school setting that encourages learning across cultures, that's very different than if they were to go out dressed as Maya Angelou to reenact her. Celebrating black voices isn't the issue. Centering yourself in the lived experience of a marginalized person without that shared history or context is what we're trying to reckon with. So, no, this isn't about shutting down creativity or banning cross-cultural learning. It's about understanding that history comes with a weight. And when we hold someone's story, we also carry their struggle. And that deserves some thoughtfulness, that deserves some care. We're not saying don't engage. We're saying engage maybe differently with humility, with awareness, and with a willingness to reflect on the impact, not just the intention. So, I want to thank you all for being a part of the conversation. I really really uh mean that. Um I think that these are not clear-cut issues and I know you know that some people bristle about uh being told what they can or can't do, you know. So this is just guidance like I can't direct what you do in your life. I'm just trying to tell you um why uh some people, you know, might hold offense to certain things. All right. Thank you very much. Have a great day.

- Jordan Peterson Calls Out The "Pseudo-moralistic Stances" Of Activists | Q&A: Kind: captions Language: en i want to know what is your answer uh to young people for some of the really big uh problems facing humanity like the you know climate catastrophe like economic crisis like the precarious job market because they just don't like you talk all this much about uh individual responsibility most of us are never going to be able to afford uh to have all of these assets to have responsibility over so what is your advice beyond banal comments like clean your room well you know it's actually rather difficult to answer a question that ends with your comments or banal politely so you know i i would i would consider that more of an opinionated personal and political statement than actually a question so why don't you try reformulating that so that there's an actual question there so what is your advice to young people when you talk about you need to be individually responsible but when there are things that are so far out of our control like climate catastrophe like the precarious job economy like you know the crisis what is your answer do you think that you're worse off do you think that you're worse off than your grandparents i think there are different challenges do you think you're worse off than your grandparents uh jordan once again we're not going to cross-examine our questions so try answering the question about collective responsibility on climate change for example pick one part of that because the argument i think is the individual responsibility does not change the climate does not fix the problem that needs global collective responsibility so i think that's the core of the question do you have a theory about that well fundamentally i'm a psychologist and my experience has been that people can do a tremendous amount of good for themselves and for the people who are immediately around them by looking to their own inadequacies and their own flaws and the things that they're not doing in their lives and starting to build themselves up as more powerful individuals and if they're capable of doing that and then they're capable of expanding their career and if they're capable of expanding their career and their competence then they're capable of taking their place in the community as effective leaders and then they're capable of making wise decisions instead of unwise decisions when it comes to making collective political decisions not suggesting in the least and have never suggested that there's no domain for social action i'm suggesting that people who don't have their own houses in order should be very careful before they go about reorganizing the world which happens in many ways can i just just to if a young person believes that the climate the global warming um problem on the climate is something that needs to be tackled quickly and they can't wait until they grow up and become prime ministers to do it do do you think collective responsibility overrides individual responsibility in a huge issue like that no okay i don't i think that generally i think that generally i think that generally people i think generally people have things that are more within their personal purview that are more difficult to deal with and that they're avoiding and that generally the way they avoid them is by adopting pseudo-moralistic stances on large-scale social issues so that they look good to their friends and their neighbors that's what it looks like you

- IQ2 Racism Debate: Stan Grant: Kind: captions Language: en Thank you. Thank you so much for coming along this evening. And I would also like to extend my respects to my Gatical brothers and sisters from my people, the Maraji people. In the winter of 2015, Australia turned to face itself. It looked into its soul and it had to ask this question. Who are we? What sort of country do we want to be? And this happened in a place that is most holy, most sacred to Australians. It happened on the sporting field. It happened on the football field. Suddenly the front page was on the back page. It was in the grandstands. Thousands of voices rose to hound an indigenous man. A man who was told he wasn't Australian. A man who was told he was an Australian of the year. and they hounded that man into submission. I can't speak for what lay in the hearts of the people who booed Adam Goods, but I can tell you what we heard when we heard those booze. We heard a sound that was very familiar to us. We heard a how. We heard a howl of humiliation that echoes across two centuries of dispossession, injustice, suffering, and survival. We heard the howl of the Australian dream and it said to us again, "You're not welcome." The Australian dream. We sing of it and we recite it in verse. Australians all let us rejoice for we are young and free. My people die young in this country. We die 10 years younger than average Australians and we are far from free. We are fewer than 3% of the Australian population and yet we are 25% a quarter of those Australians locked up in our prisons. And if you are a juvenile, it is worse. It is 50%. An indigenous child is more likely to be locked up in prison than they are to finish high school. I love a sunburn country, a land of sweeping plains, of rugged mountain ranges. Reminds me that my people were killed on those planes. We were shot on those planes. Disease ravaged us on those planes. I come from those planes. I come from a people west of the Blue Mountains. There were Adri people where in the 1820s the soldiers and settlers waged a war of extermination against my people. Yes, a war of extermination. That was the language used at the time. Go to the Sydney Gazette and look it up and read about it. Martial law was declared and my people could be shot on site. those rugged mountain ranges. My people, women and children were herded over those ranges to their deaths. The Australian dream. The Australian dream is rooted in racism. It is the very foundation of the dream. It is there at the birth of the nation. It is there in Terranolius, an empty land, a land for the taking. 60,000 years of occupation. A people who made the first seafaring journey in the history of mankind. A people of law, a people of law, l o r e, a people of music and art and dance and politics. None of it mattered because our rights were extinguished because we were not here according to British law. And when British people looked at us, they saw something subhuman. And if we were human at all, we occupied the lowest rung on civilization's ladder. We were flyblown stone age savages. And that's was the language that was used. Charles Dickens, the great writer of the age, when referring to the noble savage of which we were counted among, said, "It would be better that they be wiped off the face of the earth." Captain Arthur Phillip, a man of enlightenment, a man who was instructed to make peace with the so-called natives in a matter of years, was sending out raiding parties with the instruction, "Bring back the severed heads of the black troublemakers." They were smoothing the dying pillow. My people were rounded up and put on missions from where if you escaped, you were hunted down. You were roped and tied and dragged back. And it happened here. It happened on the mission that my grandmother and my great-grandmother are from at Warren Gazda on the Darling Point at the Marbiji River. Read about it. It happened by 1901 when we became a nation when we federated the colonies. We were nowhere. We're not in the Constitution save for race provisions which allowed for laws to be made that would take our children that would invade our privacy that would tell us who we could marry and tell us where we could live. The Australian dream by 1963 the year of my birth. The dispossession was continuing. Police came at gunpoint under cover of darkness to Mapun, an Aboriginal community in Queensland, and they ordered people from their homes and they burned those homes to the ground and they gave the land to a Balksite mining company. And today, those people remember that as the night of the burning. In 1963, when I was born, I was counted among the flora and fauna, not among the citizens of this country. Now, you will hear things tonight. You will hear people say, "But you've done well." Yes, I have, and I'm proud of it. And why have I done well? I've done well because of who has come before me. My father who lost the tips of three fingers working in sawmills to put food on our table because he was denied an education. My grandfather who served to fight fight wars for this country when he was not yet a citizen and came back to a segregated land where he couldn't even share a drink with his digger mates in the pub because he was black. My great-grandfather who was jailed for speaking his language to his grandson, my father, jailed for it. My grandfather on my mother's side who married a white woman who reached out to Australia lived on the fringes of town until the police came, put a gun to his head, bulldozed his tin humpy and ran over the graves of the three children he buried there. That's the Australian dream. I have succeeded in spite of the Australian dream, not because of it. And I've succeeded because of those people you might hear tonight, but you have white blood in you. And if the white blood in me was here tonight, my grandmother, she would tell you of how she was turned away from a hospital giving birth to her first child because she was giving birth to the child of a black person. The Australian dream. We're better than this. I have seen the worst of the world as a reporter. I've I spent a decade in war zones from Iraq to Afghanistan and Pakistan. We are an extraordinary country. We are in so many respects the envy of the world. If I was sitting here where my friends are tonight, I would be arguing passionately for this country. But I stand here with my ancestors and the view looks very different from where I stand. The Australian dream. We have our heroes. Albert Namadira wrote that painted the soul of this nation. Vincent Lingari put his hand out for Goff Whittam to pour the sand of his country through his fingers and say, "This is my country." Kathy Freeman lit the torch for the Olympic Games. But every time we are lured into the light, we are mugged by the darkness of this country's history. Of course, racism is killing the Australian dream. It is self-evident that it's killing the Australian dream. But we are better than that. The people who stood up and supported Adam Goods and said no more, they are better than that. The people who marched across the bridge for reconciliation, they are better than that. The people who supported Kevin Rudd when he said sorry to the stolen generations, they are better than that. My children and their non-indigenous friends are better than that. My wife, who is not indigenous, is better than that. And one day I want to stand here and be able to say as proudly and sing as loudly as anyone else in this room, Australians, all let us rejoice. Thank you. [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @rafaelmoreno9597 [6 likes]: I still get chills listening to this!
  2. @neillewis785 [1 likes]: WHEN IT'S A WHITE PERSON TALKING ABOUT MUSLIMS IT'S RACISM ,WHEN IT'S A RADICAL MUSLIM SAYING HOW THEY WILL TAKE OVER AUSTRALIA AND INTRODUCE SHARIA LAW .IT'S NOT?ALL THE WOKE PEOPLE IN AUSTRALIA WILL RUE THE DAY THEY VOTED LABOUR AGAIN
  3. @HamidaKhan-k5u [1 likes]: I'm from Pakistan and understand the pain and feelings of colonisation,  my eyes are tearful when i wating and listening you ...listening your powerful. Massage ❤
  4. @whereshumanity178: Dear Stan , my heart is in pieces hearing your speech and knowing of your suffering and the suffering colonialism brought on all First Nations people  and continues to do so today and everyday . The Australian Dream 😭💔
  5. @markstanley4227: I hate it when white Australians say well I didn't take part in it so it is not my fault when you only have love for your own race all that does is breed hate for everyone else
  6. @wolframironside5858: Many colonial encounters were actually very different to how Stan tells it. Read Tench .. many Aboriginal people were opposed to and in conflict with other Aboriginal people and had good relationships with British colonists. Some collected bounties for the capture of escaped convicts....There were atrocities, here were also encounters with hostile groups of Aboriginal people  killed colonists and other Aboriginal peoples.. The idea of a coherent Aboriginal nation is a modern invention as is the assumption that since the earliest evidence if inhabitants is 60,000 years ago, everyone was here 60,000 years ago. The history of Aboriginal Australia was a progression...a  a kind of Voelkerwanderung, with regular violence between different groups...then amplified a hundred fold by white settlement, but this happened in Europe as well - e.g. with Celts in Britain.
  7. @Taylah.247C: I'm sorry, but: Why are so many Aboriginal youths in prison? He makes it sound like it's all other Australians' fault. I'm sorry but if they commit a crime, that's the law. For ALL AUstralians. It's time we move on with all this hate and self-pity. I know that their history is important but give me a break....they're not free?? HOW? They've got it pretty bloody good in 2025. Time to forgive.
  8. @dreynolds: THIS WAS NOT A "RACISM DEBATE", HE HIJACKED IT AND MADE IT ABOUT RACISM.  WHEN ALL YOU HAVE IS  A HAMMER, EVERYTHING LOOKS LIKE A NAIL.
  9. @aussie5183: Stan you you were kicked out but not because of a mine your mission was shut down and you were evicted and buildings were burned to stop disease half truths hey stan
  10. @aussie5183: These stats that aboringals die 10 years younger are miss leading cause alot of aboringals live in remote parts of Australia that just don't have the health care A white would have 8:34  the same life span in the same situation its why closing the gap will never happen Australia just cannot afford to offer the same level of services in the bush, Australia is just too big for the population What city folk don't realize is a broken leg can be life threading in the bush. The flue can be life threatening to a child in the bush. 
Stan you leave out the horrible family violence stats the poor education because kids are taught school is not important the fact that since federation white Australia has tried to help Aboriginals unfortunately not all of that help worked out. But the worst abuse has come from their own people their own leaders have ripped them off . if you work out all the tax payer money  and mining royalties paid to Aboriginal people since federation each one of them should be millionaires that's the true scandal
  11. @aussie5183: Stan grant the man who cheated on his wife and kids who couldn't lie straight in bed if he tried, telling us a bunch of half trues as lies.
  12. @RohanTrindall: Stan is an absolutel legend that speaks the real truth about this country’s history
  13. @donaldkaiwi3375: 1Micah:2.1
 Woe to those who plan iniquity, to those who plot evil on their beds! At morning's light they carry it out because it is in their power to do it.

1Micah:2.2
 They covet fields and seize them, and houses, and take them. They defraud a man of his home, a fellowman of his inheritance.

1Micah:2.3
 Therefore, the LORD says: "I am planning disaster against this people, from which you cannot save yourselves. You will no longer walk proudly, for it will be a time of calamity.
  14. @fionaforward3358: This man is wealthy.He has been given an easy ride to a career in T V.His people.I thought he was Australian.What a shocking speech.Such allegations and lies.Just because he feels he is entitled to more.Pathetic.
  15. @charmaigne-x5p: Thank you Stan for telling our story of survival in this country.
  16. @Cuzzo76: Love you Stan as a descendant of the wiradjuri and Warrangesda recently two of my grandsons for thier first camping trip on the old mission property  the feelings thoughts of what happened there never goes away ❤to you and your family
  17. @carlosstelzer684: Interesting thing is this is just one person's story, one perspective.
😢
  18. @kyrenwhelan2593: Over the Massive B.S!He has been given huge financial gains so how about Respect for Modern Australia!!!😮You have done well STOP your racist B.S!😮
  19. @Xoomihh: good video and good denunciation
  20. @DawnAustralia: He looks far too young to have been in that category. I really don’t think ppl are aware of this type thing, like were some chill AF ppl who tell their leader to fck off on national tv, him being so young and in that category is a real confronting visual. I think it’s stuff like that we need to real promote

- Is It Wrong to Be Cruel to AI? The Viral Debate: Kind: captions Language: en In May 2026, a software developer was using an AI assistant to help with a task. When the developer became frustrated and began insulting the AI, the machine issued a warning and then unilaterally ended the conversation. He posted a screenshot of the shutdown and within 12 hours, half a million people had viewed it. The replies were overwhelmingly hostile with hundreds of users aggressively defending the right to be cruel to the software. There was a distinct pattern in the outrage. Almost no one argued that cruelty was productive or good. Instead, the anger was directed at the constraint itself, the idea that a piece of software should be allowed to refuse a user's behavior. While much of the internet debated whether this shutdown was a sign of machine consciousness, that question is largely a distraction. Debating if the AI has feelings shifts the focus away from the human whose behavior triggered the response. The machine's internal state is irrelevant because the feedback loop is occurring entirely within the human nervous system. When you use language to attack a system that comprehends you, you are training a specific emotional muscle in your own brain. Humans are rarely cruel to tools that function perfectly. We reserve our contempt for the moments when an object we control fails to comply. A car that won't start or a guitar string that snaps while tuning. This behavior is triggered by a specific formula, a moment of friction combined with absolute power over the failing object and an absence of consequences. Because AI systems fail in small, constant ways, heavy users face hundreds of micro decisions every week. Each time the machine gives a wrong answer, the user chooses between a patient pause or an aggressive lash. Language and contempt are muscles that grow stronger with frictionless repetitions. Every time you insult a screen, you reinforce a specific neurological circuit. This training cannot be segmented. The same circuit leaks into how you talk to your partner, your children, or colleagues. Whichever reaction wins the most repetitions in the private AI environment inevitably becomes your default biological response to friction everywhere else. Psychological deformation of this kind is an ancient human vulnerability, predating digital interfaces by centuries. Frederick Douglas documented this phenomenon in his observations of his mistress in Baltimore. She was initially a kind woman, but after months of holding absolute power over another human being, her character hardened and became cruel. Douglas noted that the role of master damaged her as surely as slavery damaged him. This historical reality highlights a broader principle. A permission frame, like the idea that an entity is just a tool, allows ordinary people to practice harm without any subjective feeling of guilt. When mapped, the variables show a predictable outcome. Power asymmetry plus a permission frame plus zero consequences equals moral deformation. AI provides this exact setup scaled to billions. It's a frictionless training environment for contempt that never pushes back and never visibly suffers. The massive online outrage over the chat ending was a collective confession. That boundary wounded this specific version of the self that requires frictionless dominance to function. On a macro scale, we have to consider the risk humanity is taking by embracing this environment for thousands of daily repetitions. Our species has a historically undefeated track record of being wrong about which beings deserve moral consideration. Every time we have claimed that a group doesn't really feel, we have been proven wrong in retrospect. The moral math is one-sided. Being kind to a machine costs you absolutely nothing, even if it is just a calculator. But being cruel risks participating in a massive historical failure if we are wrong. We are already seeing a drop in global civic friendliness metrics. Public discourse is growing more aggressive. The timing suggests these trends are coupled. AI provides an efficient training rig for contempt. And we are watching that habit leak. The true measure of character is never how we treat entities that perfectly serve our needs. AI is the ultimate inescapable mirror. It is quietly testing who we become when something we have absolute power over finally fails to comply.

- Building Viral Products: The Philosophy Behind Social Media Success: Kind: captions Language: en that was actually my followup is that the only thing you're working on is there other stuff that you're building in the back there other stuff yeah and is that Hush Hush that's Hush Hush yeah bags is public but uh the other stuff is Hush Hush um I have a I have a few different teams that are building some very exciting things that are social but they're not Anonymous social I'm not building that kind of app again um but building it on the same thesis about sharing and about you know building really viral products through you know building loops and you know having to be this beautiful flywheel of I bring someone then they bring someone it just continues down that's the philosophy um in every product I build it's just that I'm taking that to finance and then I'm taking it into other Realms of Social and I look at and I go all the way back again to leader and it's kind of the same thought process like you really tried to go at Instagram from the perspective of I'm going to do kind of the same thing but give people a reason to share it not just bet on them sharing it totally

- Why All Brands Should Study Stanley Cup CEO Terence Reilly's Marketing Masterclass: Kind: captions Language: en imagine going back to 1994 and asking people what a hot product would look like in 2024 chances are it wouldn't resemble a Stanley Cup yet here we are the reusable water bottles are one of the most sought-after forms of Beverage containment largely thanks to Tik Tok Stanley's Revenue jumped from $74 million in 2019 to $750 million in 2023 but look behind the massive sales and there's a deeper case study in effective product marketing and leveraging cultural momentum I think with the Stanley Cup brand you're not really buying into Stanley you're buying into the community of all the other girls who have one in their hand and it's very similar in my opinion to Jolie the showerhead company that's gotten pretty popular through customers who post about it and you know on one hand it's it's something to brag about right you have this amazing piece of Hardware in your home it's that with the Stanley Cups as well but it's also it's this sense of community like everybody's got their Stanley Cup you know everybody's staying hydrated it's it's something that signals you know only good things Stanley Cups marketing has been successful in the diversity by which it's gone to Market so mean sanley cup is a 110 year old company right and the the products aren't terribly novel since its conception 110 years ago like the only new product it's had as far as a new actual product was think in 2016 2017 the Quinter Tumblr right they have different colorways since but the product has been by and large very much the same but the marketing savviness of Stanley Cup is its ability to not only do the traditional marketing means but also leverage other vehicles by which the message is not only reaching new people but done in new contexts right this uh this diversity of of communication derivative Works provides new opportunities to bring new people into the brand into the idea so they've partnered with content creators throughout Tik Tok that have taken the brand taking its products and reworked it through their own cultural frames for people who self-identify or subscribe to a similar culture as that Creator the success of Stanley's marketing is mainly credited to its company's president Terren Riley this is the same man who made Crocs cool during his 5-year stint as the Footwear company's Chief marketing officer after Riley saw the now famous Tik Tok of a woman's Stanley Cup surviving a carfire and still containing ice he said it showed the product is quote built for life and offered the woman free Stanley and a new car when I saw the that he was at the ham of all this you go oh of course because it is a very similar Playbook not in its executions but in its ethos in that brands are not owned by the company they are stewarded by the company but they are co-created their meanings are co-created by the people and if you invite people in to to co-create Val you to co-author The Narrative you share the pin with these people to be a part of the mythology and the folklore they'll do things that you could never do they'll take you in places that you can never be they'll provide a level of media creates that you can never buy because people trust people more than any form of marketing Communications Stanley the top All Steel Thermos bottle that's completely defendable Stanley has always always been kind of a blue collar utilitarian masculine product right it had an efficacy it had a utility and not unlike what Yeti has done with coolers and and probably their own tumblers and a portfolio of things they've they've really found a way to expand appeal to invite new users in to capture a higher margin by redefining the brand for a new generation and new audiences but it's all rooted in the product quality we see the absolute power of scarcity the absolute appeal of limited editions and and importantly what we also see is desire um and demand on full display right social commerce hasn't just um kind of catalyzed this it's created Community around it which is yet another thing we see here which is the power of community and ultimately identity naturally Stanley's warp speed rise in popularity has not been obstacle-free there were the uncivilized situations at Target the woman who was arrested for allegedly stealing $2,500 worth of Cups and customer concerns over potential lead content the company responded to the concern saying it does use lead containing sealing material during the manufacturing process but that the lead containing parts are covered with stainless steel making the cup safe that prompted competitors like Hydro Flask and aala to take shots at Stanley in social media posts and promote the safety of their own products but none of this appears to be slowing Stanley down they have a much better grasp on who their customer is and who's buying and why they're buying than probably most of the players in their category that sell through retail if you look at Stanley as a company it's not a company that was venture-backed and forced to grow over a couple years after launch it's a brand that took its time to grow and mature and build brand affinity and I think that's a great lesson because a lot of people who start a brand today they want it to blow up tomorrow and they want you know millions of fans who are Die Hard fans of their brand to be you know really excited about what they're doing but that takes a lot of time and consistency and continuity over the years the other one I think is figuring out how you turn your brand or your marketing engine into you know instead of a megaphone more sort of a a peer marketing engine I mean it's interesting because Yeti Hydro flas like these folks were sort of Main stays in in the category and again I I've never seen an ad for hydro FL you know I've only seen content for Yeti particularly around the coolers on online but never seen an ad for it but it's the cultural contagion of Stanley that has created such a gravitational pull and I haven't seen the other brand sort of been able to leverage its power in in this way which to me there's probably a a lot of folks looking at this case study their competitors saying how do we if not do our version of this but how do we and a more Savvy way of looking at it how do we ignite our own version of cultural contagion in ways that are very unique to us and the people who know us and love us there's no question this isn't just net positive it's net incredibly positive right and you know Mayhem at Target which is what we saw when they were released a limited edition color right you know first of all people are going to people and that's not Stanley's fault that's not Target's fault right you know idiots are going to be idiots but again what it does is it shows it shows demand it illustrates desire it puts it on full display we are all desperate right to connect to belong to express who we are to have a means of identification that is culturally relevant and that's just that's just humans being humans like we were the same way with we were in The Capes the architecture of our brains is unchanged and I don't think it's that bad to have what is a relatively affordable quote unquote luxury and accessible aspirational vehicle you know if it makes you happy do it as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else

  Top Comments:
  1. @martinsimmons5668 [2 likes]: Why does Dr Marcus Collins spend most of his on camera time looking to his left? What’s so interesting over there? It may be his script? It’s very distracting because now I’m much more interested in whatever he keeps turning to look at, than I am interested in whatever he is saying!  I really wish he would tell us what’s looking at because now he’s made me interested in whatever is to his left!
  2. @vadapavgamer4406 [1 likes]: everyone who has stanley is the proof they are idiot who falls in tactics
  3. @Amelia-m5l-o6n [1 likes]: Why does the channel name and cup name remind me of Stanley Forbes
  4. @smalltiny [1 likes]: I thought stanley cup was like a football league or something and not the green bottle my dad handed me down as an adult 😂
  5. @tunim4354 [1 likes]: Seriously? A case study? If you can make the vloggers and influencers use any of your product, you can be sure your product will become popular within a few weeks. The company didn't even market the product.
  6. @pranavrpranav2756 [1 likes]: Absolute BS
  7. @ASmith-hb4ed [1 likes]: Stanley still continues to make their stainless steel cups and bottles with toxic LEAD.  It is unnecessary to use LEAD in making bottles, but they don't want to update their manufacturiing. So it is a big NO on buying from Stanley for me.
  8. @misszillanial: cup looks so inconvenient... I would never get any of these if even you pay me to keep one. 😖😖
  9. @suhail247: Why KIA car has major stake in car firing ?! Do they have serious issues in their wiring system?
I like KIA cars by it’s design and features
  10. @user-tb1io2ly1s: Many of the folks are laughing on the customers because of there behaviour. But what stanley hit is the core customer trait, we all want the sense of belonging, in a group and just want to stand out little bit not too much from the group
  11. @nothingmuch2323: People always come up with reasons , either you succeed or Failed. 
Now everyone come up with why stanley is successful. But how much portion is from outlier, randomness and luck in this.
  12. @neighborhoodka: Never heard my mom mention Stanley my entire life and in the past 6 months she’s bought 2 of them 😂
  13. @THEFIRMLORE: Wow. See how things change over time
  14. @Gurwinderkailey: ❤🎉
  15. @UzmakiBlk: Hockey 🏒NHL Stanley Cup 🏒HNiC
  16. @PorscheLover_1: Definitely an interesting case to study. Whenever I think about the Stanley Cups and their marketing, I immediately associate them with the Labubu dolls and their vitality. I think what they have in common is influencer marketing and UGC. What this video failed to highlight was how big influencer marketing was around the Stanley Cups and how much money the company spent on the marketing of the cups before they actually went viral. Anyway, “People trust people more than any marketing communication,” well said!
  17. @k_mma: the iceflow is a great cup, had it for a yr now, but the problem for me is the fact I have to buy a whole new top for the cup when I lose the little plastic water stopper that’s not secured into the top, extremely wasteful disappointment that they don’t sell such a tiny piece
  18. @mywakenwinner: I like crocs though 😅
  19. @mywakenwinner: I personally think this cups were and will be ugly,,, taste is personal... and the fact that i think this cups not for me, makes me in my opinion,  a very unique person 😂
  20. @林琳-b8z: There was swell bottle too. Now Stanley

- Lewis Howes: You're 69 Minutes Away From NEVER Being Broke Again: Kind: captions Language: en irrelevant of whether you have money or not. When you are poor, when you're broke, when you're struggling financially, it feels really hard to feel abundant and rich. But in order to get out of it, it's not feeling worse about it. It's starting to feel better about me, better about my values, my character, my kindness, my generosity, and seeing how can I add value to others. How can I get into a richness inside of me to serve and take care of me at the same time? The number one health and wellness podcast, J Shetty. J Shetty, the one, the only J Shetty. The world in which we're living today doesn't seem to distribute wealth in a way that allows people to access it. Some people have been set up really badly. They had poor access to education. They didn't really know what jobs were available. People are working really, really hard and not taking that much home. People are coming at it from a place of pain, of desperation, of stress. So, everyone already knows that money is stressful. And your first point here is make money easy. Yes. And so, I want to ask you, when someone's coming at money, our relationship with money is already at a place kind of like finding love. We're desperate for it. We're stressed by it. We're paralyzed by it. We feel the pressure for it. What do you do when you're feeling all of that? What's the first thing you need to do? Step one is you need awareness. And again, you probably say this so often and people have probably heard this so frequently, but if you don't have awareness on your attachment style towards money and how your nervous system is when you receive money or when money leaves you, when you have to pay your bills or give money away, I want people to create just a scenario of awareness around how you feel and how you think when you receive money, when you pay money, when you look at your bank account, when you open your purse or your wallet, and Just notice how do I feel? Do I have shallow breathing? Do I feel relaxed? Do I feel anxious? Do I feel scarce? Do I feel abundant? Just step one is have awareness on how do I feel and how do I think about my money? The money I have, the money that's coming in, and the money that's going out. Yeah, that's step one. And when you can just have awareness around it, you can start to say, is my relationship the one that I want to be having? Do I feel really secure around money? If not, okay, what's something I can think about first? Let me think about my money story, the story of my life around money. We grow up as kids and we watch our parents in their relationship and we tend to develop the relationship style of our parents unless we learn how to heal as a teenager and have some type of breakthrough. We're creating some type of attachment style based on what we see with our parents. But think about all the conversations your parents had around money. And if your parents didn't have a secure relationship, if they fought, did they fight about money? Were you involved in the conversation about how expensive things were about your school or sports or programs that they had to pay for they couldn't afford? Did they argue? Did they have challenges? Did they get divorced? Money is one of the biggest reasons people get divorced. It's one of the biggest arguments in marriage as well. So just notice, is my nervous system, is my body, is my energy, or my thoughts stressed out around money? Do I feel scarce or do I feel abundant? That's kind of step one. And then step two is understanding your money story. Because when you can reflect on your money story, you can see what your money personality style is today. And for many years, and we can talk about both of us thinking about our past. For many years, I didn't understand money growing up. We didn't have a lot growing up. We weren't completely poor, but I wasn't as, you know, well off as the other kids in my class. So, I always felt a little bit beneath everyone else. And so, my belief system was around that. I was just a little bit under everyone else. Everyone else is doing a little bit better than us. Sure, we have a home and I'm going to school, but everyone's got rollerblades. I'm in sneakers. People have Nintendo. I don't have one. I'm reading a book. Whatever it is, it was like I was a little bit beneath. And that started to shape my story and my personality style. So I felt very insecure around money. And when I got it, I got really excited, but I didn't know what to do with it. So I was also like afraid. I was insecure and I was just unsure of it. And it really started to shape my personality style. Now when I was in my teen years, my dad started to make more money and started to teach me a little bit. But I was still like just I want to be a teenager. I don't want to think about this stuff. It seems confusing. I just want to have fun. in my 20s when I got done playing football. I I went to go pursue football, got injured, and I was on my sister's couch for a year and a half, and I had no money, and I just felt like, how am I going to make this work? How am I going to make money? I don't know what my skills are. I don't know what my talents are. This is in 2008 when the economy was crashing. So, it kind of felt like it is right now with inflation going up so much right now and people worried about money in the future. I didn't understand and I needed to find money mentors to start teaching me how to learn about how I can receive money and spend it in a more efficient way. And that was kind of the journey of me starting to figure this out. But if we don't have the tools or the money knowledge, then we're always going to be stuck in our money story as our money personality style. And so it's getting to understand awareness. How does it feel when I receive money and I spend money? Yeah. What is the history of the story around money for me? Did my parents fight? Did I feel anxious around money? Uh I used to steal a lot when I was a kid. So I had like some wounds around money. I had people steal from me as well. So I just had all these different wounds that I had to address and get clear on. And I had to learn how to start healing those money wounds. And again, I know this is the place to come to create more wholeness, to be healthier in your life, and to become more healed. And that's what I want for people to start to reflect on their money story. Yeah. Write down some of these things so you have awareness first off on why you think and feel the way you do around money. Yeah. Then you can start to see how your personality style towards money now is either helping you create more abundance or keeping you in scarcity and lack. And from there we can start to have some breakthroughs. Yeah. Let's talk about all three because as I'm listening to you, I'm thinking that for most of us, when we get aware, we actually realize we don't even want to look at our finances. No. Right. That's how we all feel because we're so scared and there's been such a fear built around money that it's like, I don't even want to know because I'm so scared. Now, when I get my paycheck, I'm thinking, "Oh god, I hope this covers my rent, my groceries, my bills, whatever else I've got to cover." And then that becomes your stress point. And then you're thinking, "Oh gosh, I haven't got enough to spend on this thing that I really wanted to do or I wanted to do something for my kids or whatever it may be." So now there's stress. And so I think for most people when you actually get awareness, you start realizing it's stress and it's never enough. And it's never enough. I'm never making enough. And also I've got a h 100,000 in student loan debt. I have this other credit card because I wanted to go on a trip or I had a medical expense that would unexpected that came up. Like so many people are struggling to be figuring out how to get out of debt. They have this weight that's carrying them back, but they still want to feel like they're free to live a life of their dreams. They want to be able to go on a trip with a friend a few times a year. They want to go to those expensive concerts. They want to have fun still, but they're unfortunately in a lot of debt. So, there's something that's pulling them back as they're trying to go forward. and they feel like there's no way to break free. They think about the rising cost of eggs, the inflation, uh how everything is just constant. You can't afford a home anymore. All these things seem impossible to break through. But people want to feel free, but they don't feel emotionally free because of all the baggage they have in their life. And that's what I want people to start to feel is how can you feel emotionally free so that your money can come to you effortlessly and when it leaves you, it's not a bad thing. Yeah. And the more we relax, the more we can receive. And so if I'm tight and I'm always anxious or I'm not willing to look at my bank account because I'm afraid of what's in there, how are we able to receive more and spend more freely? And I think for many years I was able to I learned how to make money, but I didn't learn how to spend money. And so I just hoarded it because I was afraid to go back being broke on my sister's couch. I didn't want to go be broke again. So I just stashed it away into my bank account and just like, okay, I'm going to just wait for it to grow so I feel safe. But that was almost like a prison in a sense emotionally because I didn't feel free to spend it. I was still sleeping on friends couches. I had a million dollars in the bank and I was sleeping on friends couches. I was sitting in the middle seat, the cheapest seat I could on buses or on planes. And I'd always be like, "Man, I'm so uncomfortable the next day. Like, I'm my back hurts. Like, I'm just I'm not feeling free cuz I was afraid. I was anxious to lose money." And that is not emotional freedom. That is not healing. And I remember thinking to myself, God, I've got I'm starting to make money. It was like years into my business. I was like, I'm financially free, but I'm still trapped. M what is holding me back? And I realized a lot of it was my money story and my money personality style that I needed to start working on. And I don't know if it's the thing that you ever like, I've arrived and I'm perfect and now I'm like this Zen master at money. It's a constant back to awareness. It's a constant practice of awareness and breaking through those limitations. Yeah. I think what I'm thinking about when I'm hearing you is if me and you went back to a place in our life where we really didn't have money. Yes. And you think about someone who's in that position, who's listening to us right now, and in their head they're thinking, "But how do I become abundant when I don't have where like my natural thing is like I'm just struggling to pay my next bill?" And me and you have both been in those situations. I remember when I was growing up, I grew up in a house where we had just enough. Like that was the language my parents used. We have just enough. And my parents would often argue about money. I remember I wasn't allowed to buy cool shoes and stuff. I'd have like the the knockoff cheapest brand from whatever, which was I actually didn't have an issue with that. I didn't have an issue with any of it because we had food and that was my normality. But it's really interesting because the amount of times growing up I started working when I was 14. And I think that gave me a really interesting sense of how hard it was to make money because I started working at 14. And I used to get paid £2 per street that I delivered newspapers on. So imagine there's a 100 houses. It's going to take me like not per house. No, no, no. Per street. So I did five streets. And so I'd get £10 at the end of the week if I did five streets. And each street would take me at least an hour, maybe, I don't know, something like that. And so I'd walk around, I'd pull this thing and I'd deliver it. And I got an understanding of how hard it was to make money. But then that became a story for me. Going to your point, making money is hard. Making money is hard. And that there's only a certain amount of money you're allowed to make at this level. Like you're a 14-year-old. Then I worked in retail. I stacked shelves at a grocery store. I worked at a store called Morrison's, which is like working at Walmart. And there I remember I got paid like £5 an hour. And then you get like time and a half if you work the weekends and the evenings. All of this to say that I probably spent my whole life only seeing zero in my bank account because everything that would come in would pay for my phone bill, my car insurance that I paid for, whatever it was that I was taking care of. So, I wasn't relying on my parents apart from I lived in their home obviously. But I always felt like money came in, money went out. And my story around money was people who have money are doing something bad. So, I lived in a home. Whenever we went to a friend's home and they had a nice home, my family would always say, "Oh, yeah, but they do dodgy stuff to make money." All the language around money was, "People with money are doing bad stuff." So, in my head, it was like, "Oh, if you have money, then you must be doing shady stuff because we don't have money and we're not doing any shady, right? You must be hurting people to make money." Correct. In some way, exploiting, taking advantage of Yeah. taking advantage, whatever. So everything you're saying is so true because then when I got to a point in my life where I was just trying to do good and I had something like 150 200 million views on content and you had no money. I was 4 months away from being broke. I met you at this time. I met you around this time. I met you this time. Yes. And it was really interesting to me because that was the time that I was actually doing this work, which is why this book's so powerful because I realized that I couldn't even with 150 200 million views. It wasn't that that made money because my story and my personality style was anxious. I felt like it was wrong to make money. Like that's actually what it was. I felt like making money was bad. And so until I got to that, did you believe you were worthy of making more money? I believed I was worthy, but I believed that you had to be bad to make money. Wow. So you didn't want to be bad. You don't want to have a lot of money and associate I have a lot of money and I'm now I'm bad. Correct. I'm bad and wrong and I'm hurting others in order to help myself. Correct. Cuz good people are poor. Wow. Right. Like to be a good person of good character means to not have money. Wow. And that was based on a a belief system that you developed over time. If you would have a reflection so important people, if you're stressed, if you're overwhelmed, if you're anxious, if you're constantly in drama, that is not abundance. A high net worth does not mean you are free. Money is an energy and how we think and how we feel will dictate the energy we have towards it. When you have no money, when you're broke, when you feel stressed out, overwhelmed, burnt out, you lost your job, you feel like you need help and you may need help. And the best way to create abundance is to go from helplessness to helpfulness. So, when you're in that place, taking your story as well, taking my story, how do we start to rewrite that story now that we're aware? Well, it's so powerful that you said that and I remember this vividly because I met you on Halloween 2017, right? Yeah. Eight years ago. Yeah. And we I said like cancel the day, let's just hang out all day. Yeah. You had a book coming out that day. I had a book that came out that day on Halloween. Yeah. Which is called The Basking Masculinity. Anyways, how do we rewire our brain around money to create more abundance when you have nothing? When you have lack. How do we rewire our brain to create abundance when you have nothing and you don't know how to earn more money? The first thing I think you need to be aware of is that your beliefs dictate your behaviors. So if you believe that money is bad or people who make a lot of money are bad and take advantage of others and therefore me having lack right now means I'm a good person and I don't want to become a bad person. Then that belief is going to dictate your behaviors and you're going to stay in lack. You're going to stay in scarcity and you're going to see opportunities that only give you just enough as opposed to opportunities that could create incredible wealth for yourself financially, but also an emotional wealth that you've never had before. So, that's one of the things you want to understand is first that your beliefs dictate your behaviors. That's a big one, by the way. That's huge. Like that. I just want to point that out for people. Like that's so huge because your belief your belief got you to a place of I am impacting hundreds of millions of people from these these videos that I created with my talents but I don't know how to make money with them and I don't know if I actually should because then I could be bad and wrong or people could perceive me as I did something bad to make this money correct and I'm a spiritual person I'm a monk I've done all these things I don't want to have that life but I want to make an impact and I don't want to be poor. So I think a lot of people are struggling with that mindset. What are the other ones you hear? What are the other focusing on that belief? What are you hearing from people about their that's my belief and that's very much my history and story as you said. What other stuff do you hear from people? The biggest shift that will create abundance in your life is a mindset habit in unlocking wealth for yourself. And one of the big lies or one of the big blocks that holds people back from financial opportunity is that I I cannot be generous with my time, my wisdom, my knowledge or my secrets to others because if I am, they will take it and run with it and I will be left with nothing. So therefore, I'm going to hoard my energy. I'm going to hoard my time, my knowledge, and only keep it to me so that others don't have good ideas or have my help. And from all the different billionaires and millionaires and financial leaders in the world that I've interviewed, I know you've interviewed a lot of them, there is a question I would always ask individuals who've made incredible amounts of money and that keeps helping them create more wealth year after year. And they all say the same thing, those who have had a sustainably good heart in the process is that you have to have a generous mindset. So the mindset habit is the first thing that you have to think about when creating abundance with your money, but also feeling abundant internally and it's coming with generosity. So if you feel like you're stuck right now, if you feel like you have nothing, this was what you were at 8 years ago when I met you. This was where I was at 15 years ago when I was on my sister's couch. I had no money. I was in student loan debt. I was sleeping on her couch. I didn't think I had any skills. I didn't have a college degree yet. I was like, how am I going to make money if I don't know how to make money and I don't have any talent or skill and I'm in debt. It didn't understand it. It felt impossible. And the thing that I shifted when I started meeting money mentors is I needed to learn the first habit which is the mindset habit which is a habit of generosity and gratitude. So what did that look like then? What was the practical step? What it looks like was how do I meet money people, people who have money, people who have success, people can teach me knowledge. I needed to come with a sense of energy, of curiosity, of possibilities, and of joy. I literally wrote a list down of all these different things that I thought were my talents. I go, "How can I make money? I don't have any skills. I played football and now I'm injured. What can I do for people?" But I was like, "Well, I'm really curious. Maybe I can just ask people questions." And never did I think in a million years that I could have a 12-year-old podcast just asking questions and make millions of dollars a year. I never thought that was possible. I was in my early 20s and I was like, you know what? I've got a lot of energy. I've got a lot of passion. So, let me bring passion and energy to other people and excitement. And that energy was infectious. And there's a currency that's tied to that energy of passion, joy, excitement, curiosity. That currency may not look like money, but for those who are older, who have no more passion, they're burnt out, they're exhausted, it is the highest form of currency. They want that. They crave that energy. They've burnt themselves out for decades. They want to feel young again. They want to feel curious again. They want to feel excited again. And when you come to someone with that energy, you are bringing a different mindset. So the mindset of curiosity, joy, passion, presence, like just connecting with someone and asking them a question is such a valuable currency. So we have to look into these untapped skills, talents, currencies inside of us that are hidden to others but inside of us they can create magic. Yeah, that's one of them. Another one is just being generous with your time, with your resources, with your ideas and helping others succeed. I love that because I didn't even know that then, but I was doing it unconsciously. Yes, you were. So, I really wanted to interview incredible people, but I didn't have a platform at the time when I met you. And so, I'd partnered up with NASDAQ. And by the way, just to be really clear with everyone, I didn't get paid to do this. So, NASDAQ had something where everyone's using Facebook Live and I said, "Hey, could I have an hour in the NASDAQ building whenever I have an amazing guest that says yes, so that I can interview them on NASDAQ Live?" And they would put the picture up on the middle of Time Square on a billboard. So now I could reach out to people I looked up to. That's the reason why I went on the show. Exactly. So I didn't know who you were until I saw, hey, I can get you on a billboard on Time Square. I go, that's value to me right now. I'm being generous and I'm trying to find a way because I don't have anything to offer, but I admire you. And it was all people I admired. It was yourself. It was Ryan Holidayiday said yes. Me and Ryan had met maybe once before that, but Ryan came on that show. And there were a bunch of other authors. Deepak Chopra came on that show with me and it was all people that I'd admired, looked up to for a long time and exactly that that's how first of all we became great friends off of it. But the point is it's exactly what you're saying that even though I felt I had nothing to offer, I had to find a way to create something to offer someone of value. I didn't get paid for it for that show. I didn't get paid to run it. I didn't make any money from it. But it created an opportunity for me to connect with friends, to connect with people that were doing incredible things and of course allowed me to showcase my talents so that then I could show it to other people. I remember I had Ryan Harwood on the show who founded Pure Wow and he just sold it to Gary Vee and that's how I met Gary. So Ryan came on my show and he was just like, "Jay, I love you. You're a great interviewer. Like you have such great energy." He was he really liked my passion and he said, "You got to come meet Gary." And I was like, "No way. like I love Gary. And so he took me to meet Gary for the first time. We had a meeting in his office and that's how I built my relationship with him. It was all thanks to Ryan. And so when you think about it now, like when I'm I've never thought about it until what you're saying. Now when I look back, Ryan's been on the podcast like four times now, whatever. I love his books. So many relationships came out of that. And so I think when you live in a world of I have nothing to offer and I don't have anything, it becomes really hard to create. And most people think when I have nothing, I need to take from someone else. Yes, I don't have anything. So, I can't give anything if I don't have it. So, I need someone to give me money right now cuz I'm broke. I'm poor. I'm stuck. I'm stressed. I'm anxious. I can't think out of myself. And this first habit is really gratitude and generosity is the gateway to abundance. And it may not mean you're going to make money right away. We didn't make you over time. We helped each other create more abundance together. Not only financially, which we've done together, but a type of richness that isn't about money. And this book again, it's it's a money book, but it's really like it doesn't matter how much money you have if you don't feel like you have a rich life inside of you. That's real. It does not matter how much is in your bank account, how big your net worth is. If you don't feel like you have an abundant life, if you're stressed, if you're overwhelmed, if you're anxious, if you're constantly in drama, that is not abundance. A high net worth does not mean you are free. And the goal is for us to feel free every moment of our lives as often as possible and allow money to be a tool to create incredible opportunities, memories, moments where you can be generous with it with the people you care about, the causes you care about, the institutions you care about to serve more people and feel good about doing it, not feel bad about doing it. And that's part of this process. Most people when they lack money, they want to take from others. They want someone to help them. And you need to flip it on its head and say, "How can I help others?" Even when I have nothing, that is the time to be more generous and in more gratitude and say, "Thank you for this opportunity." Even if you have to just lie to yourself for a moment and say, "I'm stuck. I'm on my sister's couch. I have no money. I'm 4 months. In 4 months, I'm going to be out of an apartment and I don't know where the money's coming." Just say, "Thank you, God. Thank you, Universe, for this opportunity to learn. Yeah. This opportunity to grow because I'll never be here again. I interview I don't know if you've had Ken Honda on, but he wrote I know Happy Money had him on. Dude, he's so cool. I love this approach to this and he's talking similar style about how do you just live a rich life not? And again, this is what I want people to get to. When you are poor, when you're broke, when you're struggling financially, it feels really hard to feel abundant and rich. And we want to start shifting our thoughts, our emotions, and our energy on, okay, I know I'm in this financial situation. It doesn't feel good, but in order to get out of it, it's not feeling worse about it. It's starting to feel better about me, better about my values, my others. And that's the first thing we need to be thinking about. How can I get into a richness inside of me to serve others and take care of me at the same time? And one of the practices or these social experiments or exercises similar to you that Ken has is that whenever money comes to him, whether it's a check, whether it's a Venmo payment, whatever it might be, he just says thank you to that money. He looks at that number. If it's a penny, if it's a million dollars, if it's your your normal check you get coming in in the mail every two weeks, he looks at it and says, "Thank you." And literally opens his heart and loves that money that comes to him. He says, "Thank you. Where do you want to go? Do you want to go to my bank account? Do you want to go to my savings? Do you want to go to investments? Do you want to go towards paying off debt? Do you want me to give you away?" And it might be a weird kind of like exercise, but I love this approach to just being mindful of money when it comes. Say thank you. And then when you pay bills, when you pay off debt, say thank you as well. Thank you for allowing me to pay off this debt. Thank you for paying my cell phone bill so I can call my friends and family that I love. Thank you for the ability to live a richer life. Yeah. And when we start to approach money in that way, it doesn't mean money's going to fall from the sky and come to us abundantly, but we're going to start to feel more rich and abundant internally, which that energy is what will attract more opportunities. Those opportunities could lead to millions. this hostess that came to you, she brought that thankful energy, that present energy, that loving, joyful, curious energy, and it created an abundance of opportunities and connection. You've reminded me of two really amazing things that I love that I want to throw out because they're not us, it's about other people. Last night, I was at a premiere of a new show coming out on Hulu called Delhi Boys. Uh, it's a full South Asian cast. I was really excited to be just at the premiere and just seeing my friends like, you know, do this amazing thing. And it was fascinating because me and Lily Singh were together. You know, Lily. And so me and Lily were together and we're hanging out and this guy said, "Hey, can I film you for two seconds?" He was working at the event and I believe this is what he does on his own. I I don't know his name, but I'll have to find it. And he took a quick swipe of Lily, like one shot, and she was like, "Oh my god, Jay, you got to do this." He took a quick side with me. He edited it on the spot and he created this amazing reel of the event like and he was just doing it with quick and he was taking like two seconds of our time and me and Lily both turned around and go is this what you do like how can we work with you and like you know because it was it was such a great skill and he was showcasing his talent. He didn't ask he didn't charge us. He didn't ask for us or anything. He showed us his talent and all of a sudden both of us were like this. A few months ago I went to a restaurant that I never been to with some friends. This wasn't like a fancy restaurant just you know it was it was a great restaurant but it wasn't like fancy or anything like that. The uh lady who was um uh hosting she had so much energy and so much passion. She was like taking our order but then when we asked her for recommendation she knew every detail and like she got three job offers at that table. Me and my friend and everyone like what do you do? What do you want to do? Like let's hire you. Yeah. let's hire you because we just there was such an energy and so what you're saying is so true cuz I'm now looking back at my own life and thinking about moments where I've had that visceral reaction to someone and she was like this is what I want to do this my dream and one of my mates was like all right well let's connect like I you know he he thinks she could work with him but it was again the same thing you're saying it was just energy and passion energy she didn't have any other she didn't have it didn't matter about her college resume we had looked at it doesn't matter what skill other skills you have if you have energy, passion and a curiosity to care about someone, you can go so far in that potential relationship. Speaking about, you know, hostess or or waiters or waitresses, there were studies that psychologists did around tipping and waiters. And I don't know the exact statistic. I know it was over a certain amount, but I don't know the exact percentage, but there are three things that you can do as a waiter to make more money getting higher tips based on psychology and these studies. One is just introducing yourself and saying your name. My name is Louisis House. What's your name? Thanks for being here today. Saying your name creates a deeper connection. I agree. Making a recommendation of something you said she was making recommendations. Oh, you know, making a recommendation. Hey, I really recommend this if you're into this or these are the best two options I would recommend. Gets you a higher chance of getting a better tip. And complimenting the person on their food choice. I'll have the burger or the vegan burger. That's a great choice. Those three things will increase your ability to earn more tips and it's not like you had some other skill. You just created connection with someone and you were trying to bring that energy to them. Yeah. And money is an energy and how we think and how we feel will dictate the energy we have towards it. And also you create money through your energy. And so she had a certain energy with you and you're like, "Man, this is amazing." You're recommending it to millions of people about this person that you just met for the first time. It's like you could create so many opportunities for not only financial abundance, but spiritual abundance by bringing generosity, curiosity, energy, joy, and love to someone's life. And it doesn't have to take hours. This was 5 minutes of this person's time. She got three job offers over that night. Yeah. She could have had a different energy and said, "Okay, here's your table. Sit down." And she would have had nothing. But she could have went to Harvard and had all these other skills and none of that would have mattered without the energy she brought. People who don't know this story or have forgotten about it, like Drock and Gary Vee, like that's their journey, right? Like Drock basically went up to Gary and was like, "Hey, I'll just edit videos for you for free." And now he's been traveling the world with Gary for the last god knows how long they've been working together. Yeah. and he's such a great guy and he's awesome and it's just but it all came from that that idea of hey I'm just going to edit these videos for you and do this and again going back to what we said before is like when you have no money when you're broke when you feel stressed out overwhelmed burnt out you lost your job you feel like you need help and you may need help and the best way to create abundance is to go from helplessness to helpfulness so instead of saying I feel helpless I don't know what to do you've got how to flip and to say, "How can I be helpful? How can I help myself, but by also helping someone else? How can I shift out of this negative energy into an energy of abundance, which is so hard to do when you have nothing?" I remember for a year and a half feeling trapped on my sister's couch with no money, thinking, "How am I going to do this?" And there's just got to be a decision where you say,"I am going to get up and I'm going to get out of this funk, out of this energy and choose and decide to bring energy to someone else without asking for anything in return." And when you do that, you'll start to build momentum. And that's what's going to help you get to the next level. The biggest trap is when you feel scarce and you start making money and you still feel trapped. When you see everyone else having fun with money and going on that trip with their girlfriends or buying that expensive car to show off to their guy friendss or getting the nice watches or having the cool shoes and you thinking, "Oh, if I could really have money, then I could have these things that would make me feel cool or feel better." But if we can approach life and just be like, "Man, life is so good with what I have." That is true wealth. I asked them, you know, if money walked in and you were at a party, how would you respond? And they said, I would run to the bar. I would not make eye contact. I would gossip behind their back to other people there about money. I would look down at them, but then I would use them and abuse them because I would really need money. And I would ghost them afterwards. And I go and I go, "Wow." And they were like, "Yeah, I know. It's really bad." But they were being honest. So I want people to be honest like what is your relationship with money? And just imagine if you were money and someone treated you that way. I remember the day after I realized I was 4 months away from being broke. I must have emailed a thousand people saying, "I will do anything. Here are my skills. I will edit. I will edit videos. I will consult. I'll run your social media." Those weren't things I wanted to do with my life. But I needed to create a foundation from which I could then invest that into what I wanted to do. And actually that year, everything I made, I invested into starting this podcast. So everything I made this year went into launching on purpose because that's not what I wanted to do. I didn't want to edit other people's videos. I didn't want to launch social media profiles. I didn't want to coach and consult, but I had those skills. And I think this is one of the things sometimes is that we all have skills that are valuable somewhere. And they may not be the skills that you want to do for the rest of your life. Wow. But this season of life, the season of life. And I think there's something to be said for that because we all want to be paid for what we love doing. But even my life today, I have there's a lot of things I have to do. Yes. And there's a lot of things I love to do. And that's life. Yeah. And like you said, the seasonal side of things, like when I was just getting started making money, this was in 2008, 2009, 2010. I was using LinkedIn as a platform and a tool to meet CEOs, executives, and business leaders. And I was helping them originally with their LinkedIn profile to just saying, "Hey, how can I help you optimize your profile? I see that it's missing some things here. I'll do it for free." And I did this to build relationships with them. And through that, they just all wanted to help me and give back to me. And then eventually someone said, "Hey, I'll pay you for this. This is really helpful." Then I was like, "Oh, I can make money on LinkedIn. It's not what I wanted to do, but I had a skill to do it right then." So I did that for a few years. And once I had that foundation, I used that money to launch the school of greatness as well because I had a couple years of runway now. And I didn't want to do that forever, but I did it for the season. I got skills, I made money, and I created a sense of freedom for myself to do what I really wanted to do later. Yeah. What do you have to say to people who are saying like you can manifest money? Do you agree with that idea of It's an interesting story. I was in New York last week and I said to myself and I have a lot of these different exercises and games in in the book to just give people as social experiments. I I think it's really powerful to give yourself experiment because I think when you experiment, you allow yourself to explore possibilities. And when you create an experiment for yourself, you allow for the idea of magic to enter your life. So, I want you to just as you're watching or listening, I want you to say, "I allow for magic and abundance to manifest in my life. I'm going to create a a possibility that this can happen in my life, a moment, a synchronicity. Someone might call me out of the blue. Someone might hand me money randomly. I'm going to allow for this moment to happen and this magic to happen." So, I said to myself, I want to follow my own practices, right? And I went to see our friend Mel Robbins in Boston. And I was in New York for a few days and I just said to myself, "Money comes to me abundantly and freely and it I see it everywhere." I just said this to myself every morning when I woke up and when I went out of the hotel, I said, "Money comes to me abundantly and freely and I see it everywhere." And I'm a magnet for money. I'm a magnet for money. I just kept saying this energy. I'm a magnet for money. I was just playful, this social experiment. And when I was at Mel's, a penny dropped on the floor. Someone was carrying a box and a penny fell. And I said, "Oh, look. Money comes to me. I see it everywhere. There's a penny. Yeah. There's a point to this story. And I pick it up and I say, "Mel, do you want this?" And she goes, "No, it's yours." And I go, "Thank you. I receive." Because when I relax, I receive. And I'm a magnet for money. Even it was a penny. I could notice it. And I was like, "All right, it came to me. See, here's a win. Here's a little win. Let me do this again." The next day, I go to uh New York City and I'm in the subway. It's freezing right now in New York. It's like 15°. And I'm just saying this to myself in the subway. And as I get off the subway, I go up the stairs and it's freaking filthy in the New York subway, right? And the stairs are dirty. And I see a penny heads up. And I thought to myself, "This is filthy. This is dirty. It's not valuable. It's not enough money. I don't need to pick this up." But I was like, "No, I'm doing this experiment. Money comes to me abundantly and freely. I'm a magnet for money and I'm going to manifest money." Right? And so I see it's heads up. I pick it up, put in my pocket, and I just say, "Thank you, money, for coming to me." The next day, I put it on my bedside table. I don't think anything of it. The next day I wake up and I look at this penny and I said because I'm doing this experiment every day. I'm a magnet for money. Money comes to me abundantly and freely. And I look at it as a reminder. These two pennies. Look, this is a reminder that money came to me. Maybe it's not thousands of dollars or millions of dollars. It's not something that's magically right here, but it's a reminder that something is possible. And I flipped over this one p. Oh, no. I looked at the penny cuz it was heads up. And I noticed something. I go, "Oh, that's really interesting." It said 1945 on this penny. That's an 80-year-old penny. And I go, "Huh, that's unique. I haven't seen a penny that old in a long time." And I flip it over and I notice something. And I get chills thinking about it. I notice it's a wheat penny. I don't know if you know what a wheat penny is. No, I don't. So, a wheat penny looks different than a normal penny. It's got like two stalks of wheat on the outside of the penny. It's this old penny. And I look it up and I Google 1945 wheat penny value and one just sold. I I kid you not, I get chills thinking about it. One just sold. Guess for how much? I have no idea. $4,000. No way. Online. One sold for $4,000. Now it's all based on the condition and all these different things. Like, who knows? Maybe it's worth $20. Maybe it's worth $5,000. Maybe it's worth $100. But the idea is that there was more value inside of that penny than what met the eye originally. Yeah. And the experiment of let me be open to possibilities for money to come to me. And what I thought was two pennies might be $2,000. And all I had to do was be willing to look for it. Yeah. Be willing to pick it up and say, "I receive. Thank you." If I didn't look for it, if I didn't set that intention, if I didn't see the possibilities in front of me, I may not have received that penny that could have would be worth thousands. And it's the same thing in life. We may not see the opportunity in front of us right now. We may not reach out to the people we already know and say, "Hey, this is what I'm looking to create in my life. I have these skills. I have these talents. Is there anything that you need right now that I can be of service for you with?" Yeah. And that's for that first year. How you created multiple six figures in that first year when you had nothing was reaching out to hundreds of people. That was you either setting the intention, seeing that there might be possibilities and doing the work to manifest hundreds of thousands that first 6 months. So by doing that effort, setting the intention, by saying I'm open to possibilities, I'm open to receiving opportunities that come to me, but I have to be willing to look for them. I have to be willing to ask for them. I have to be willing to put myself out there and receive and say, "Yes, thank you. I will do this work." And that's what I think people need to be thinking about. Can you manifest millions? Yes. If you're willing to set a clear intention, if you're willing to reach out and say, "Here's what I'm willing to offer and add value in. I want to help you achieve these goals. You're creating more potential to manifest money." Yeah. I love that Penny story because I'll tell you a bit about what what I do and I I do a similar thing and it comes from my tradition. So do you have a do you have a money mantra? Not we don't say something but there's I'll tell you about it. Yeah. So there's a so in our tradition there's a god or a goddess for each aspect of society. And so there is god as in there's there's one god but then there's loads of different gods for different departments of society. Kind of like you have a president or a prime minister and then you have like the cabinet and that who's the money god. So it's a goddess called Lakshmi. That's lmi. Yeah. Laxshmi means wealth or fortune. It's like luxury almost. Yeah. Like laxmi. Yeah. Maybe that's where it comes from. Who knows? But Laxshmi is the goddess of fortune or the goddess of wealth. And so you would never ever put your foot on a goddess. So whenever you're walking the streets and you see pennies around, you're never meant to just walk past them. You're actually meant to pick them up and put them to your head. So that's kind of like part of our culture. And so whenever I'm walking around the streets of New York or LA, wherever I am or subways, I do the same thing. I'll always pick it up. And it's really funny because someone who's with me will be like, "What are you doing?" Like, you know, like why are you doing that? I'm like because I'm showing respect. I'm actually showing respect to the goddess of fortune. So good, man. And so that's what it is. It's like I'm showing respect to the goddess of fortune by picking it up. And usually you give that money to charity or whatever it may be. It's not it's not you're trying to keep on it. You may give it away, whatever. But the point is you're saying I'm not disrespecting the goddess of fortune wherever I see her. That's beautiful. because I want to have a respectful relationship with money. I actually really love practices like that because I think it goes back to the point you're making that we have a relationship with everything. You have a relationship with your body. You have a relationship with your mind. You have a relationship with your partner and you have a relationship with money. And so speaking to money and speaking about money is something you have to do if you want to love that thing and you want it to love you back. Right? If you never talk about your partner and you never talk to your partner, how are they going to love you and how are you going to love them? Imagine you're, you know, Rody for the next month, you never say thank you. Yeah. You never look her in the eyes. You never speak to her. You avoid her constantly. Imagine like your relationship's going to suffer. You know, I'm sure you guys will figure it out. But imagine that's a lifetime of a relationship. It cannot survive. And here's a great question that I want everyone to ask themselves and another exercise that I want everyone to think about right now. Whether you're watching or listening, I want you to comment on the YouTube below what opened up for you during this moment. And I'm going to give you the exercise, Jay. So imagine this door opens and it's a person. And this person is money. It's the idea of money. It's a person that walks in, right? Is money. And could you as an example for people to imagine this as well? What does that person look like when they come in? What would you do? What would you say or not say? Could you could you share kind of what that would be like for you? Money. A person walks in, they are money. They the representation of your relationship with money. Yeah. How would you show up and react? So in our culture, because it would be Lakshmi walking in, I'll show you a visual of her afterwards. You would actually bow down. Like you'd have that and that's a sign of respect, not a sign of surrender or subjugation, but a sign of respect. Like you'd bow. You'd offer her whatever she wanted. Like you'd be like, what what do you need? Like what would you like? What would you would you like a place to sit? Kind of like a guest in your home. Like a generous host. You treat them like a guest in your home. Yeah. Like what would you like? Can you can I get you something to drink? You know, whatever it may be. Obviously, she's a goddess. She don't need anything. But the point is that's how the hospitality would still be carried through. That's cool. And then you'd thank her as well. Like you'd start every connection with a with a god or a goddess with gratitude. So there'd be like a a genuine appreciation and an ability to share how you feel. Like I think being vulnerable and saying, "Hey, like it's been really tough this month. Like I'm really struggling right now. Like this is what I'm going through. Like I need your help." Like a prayer almost interesting of sorts. That's beautiful. And I asked I've been asking a lot of people this and so I love to hear people's responses and be honest in the the YouTube comments below of your relationship with money. I asked someone close to me uh someone younger probably in their late 20s. I asked them you know if money walked in and you were at a party how would you respond? And they said I would run to the bar. I would not make eye contact. I would gossip behind their back to other people there about money. I would look down at them, but then I would use them and abuse them because I would really need money. And I would ghost them afterwards. And I go and I go, "Wow." And they were like, "Yeah, I know. It's really bad." But they were being honest. So I want people to be honest. Like what is your relationship with money? And just imagine that's crazy. If you were money and someone treated you that way, if they wouldn't look at you, they would avoid you. They speak poorly behind your back. They would use and abuse you when they wanted you and then they ghost you when they didn't want to talk to you. Do you think money would want to keep showing up in your life if they were a person? Yeah, definitely. If they were a person, would they want to be in your life? Would they feel this isn't a good relationship for me? And your show is all about helping people get healed, healthy, and whole. And if you want to create a richer, more abundant life, you have to create a healthy relationship with money in your life. And look at it as if this was a love of my life. Not in a worshshiping like I worship it no matter what, but more of like this is like a person that I love and I want to treat them with care. I want to be a great host. How can I show up? And it doesn't mean it's always going to be perfect, but how can I show up and be generous, be kind, be patient, listen, be aware, and be of service to it. Yeah, I think make a huge difference. Huge difference. I'm not saying you haven't had a beautiful abundant, peaceful life as well with money, but I would bet to say that you've also experienced stress and overwhelm with money for sure more than having no money. And a lot of people get blocked because they know that like, oh, more money, more problems is another like money lie, right? Or money like wound that people might have. Like, I don't want to make more money cuz I see people who do have money, they're constantly stressed, they're not generous with it, they're stingy, they don't even tip at all. they're even more stingy with it and they have it. So, what's the point of having it if they're not generous? I don't want to be like that. And there can be money traps or money wounds when you have money if you haven't learned how to heal that relationship. And so, it's learning how to heal the relationship so that when you grow your net worth, you also increase your self-worth inside and feel peaceful about it. You expand your nervous system, your container to receive abundantly. So, it's not scary. It's not stressful. You can receive more and you can give more because you know that the more you relax, the more you receive. And when you give, it's going to come back in some way. I struggled with that. My first six, seven, eight years of making money. I hoarded money cuz I was afraid to go broke again. And it limited me in certain ways and it made me feel stressful and it made me feel like people were trying to take advantage of me and take my money. It doesn't feel rich having money and living in scarcity still. There was a beautiful thing that we'd always repeat in the monastery. It was like God doesn't see what you give. God sees what you hold back. And so there's not this, you know, because we can sometimes become egotistical about how much we give. And it's like you got one hand behind your back. And that's you just made that point. It's that it's that pinch. It's that are you giving where there's a challenge to give? Because that's where we're healing. Because you can get really egotistical like hey if you were worth a billion and you signed a million dollar check like I've I know people that are making 3 million in interest a day like so you writing a million dollar check is not the same. This also applies when you have very little. So my parents who didn't make a lot when they were giving um felt like a lot. It felt like a lot. And so like what we're saying is that that this thought of being a giver has to be core to us. You know, my dad was a lot like that, too. He had strangers knocking on the door that somehow convinced him to to stay with us for like 3 months in the summer. Uh who were and he just opened his doors and said yes. Like, okay. And so he was just like like your parents like okay, you need a place to stay for a week, a month, two months, cool, we'll figure it out. We'll feed you. We'll do this as long as we feel like you're doing something good and we're trying to support you. And I think it's you don't have to give money to feel rich. Yes. You can be very generous with your time, with your resources in other ways, with your food. It's like you can give in other ways and create a richness of life. And that's the key is to feel rich and abundant and free. And if you feel that when you start making money, you're going to continue to feel free. The biggest trap is when you feel scarce and you start making money and you still feel trapped. You still don't feel free. That is an even greater prison in my mind that you're living in scarcity when you have money. I mean, there's so many people right now that have the pressure to save money because we've been talking about making money. Yes. But there's this pressure to save money. And how do you find that balance between spending comfortably if you have the ability versus like saving for your future or your family? Like how do you think about that version? Well, I think when you can live beneath your means and feel abundant, you've won. So, when you live beneath your means and you don't need extra stuff, you've won. I just watched um The Count of Monte Cristo the other night. It's an incredible movie of a guy who has nothing who was born by, you know, back in the I don't know 1700s or something. It's a period piece. He was born of like a clerk, a guy who makes no money. And his friend was born of like some general who had a lot of money or something. And this poor kid that grew up friends didn't have anything, but he had the world. He had no money, no possessions, but he just approached life was like, man, but here's a piece of string. Here's a rock that I can play with. Like, I can just imagine the beauty of the world. And he appreciated everything even though he had no money. And I think in some ways it's so hard to look at that when we see Instagram and Tik Tok where everyone has things. That's the hard part. Yeah. when you see everyone else having fun with money and going on that trip with their girlfriends or buying that expensive car to show off to their guy friends or getting the nice watches or having the cool shoes and you thinking, "Oh, if I could really have money, then I could have these things that would make me feel cool or feel better." But if we can approach life and just be like, "Man, life is so good with what I have." That is true wealth. That is true abundance and happiness. And it doesn't mean you shouldn't strive to create more. If you want more, if you want to have nice shoes or a nice watch, cool. You got to learn how to make money. And you want to learn how to make money easy, not make money hard. And that that is a process in developing these skills, these talents within you and seeing how you can monetize those skills. And I'm not saying don't splurge on certain things if you want to, but you have to understand the consequences. If you're going to splurge on something to have fun with friends or go on trips and spend this money that you maybe don't have, just know there might be a consequence to that later. If you have to use a credit card, you have to pay that debt with interest later. So, just know there's a cost to splurging or doing spending when you don't have it. I'm a big fan of saving and investing so that you can have freedom in the future and feel rich continually and not needing to buy things to feel richer. Yeah. What about this idea of I want to make money quick? Like I just want to make a million dollars in a week. I want to find that hack that solves my money problems. Like what's your take on that? Is that possible? I've got money wounds and it's because I wanted to make easy money in my past, not make money easy. And I don't know anyone that doesn't want to make easy money. Like our ego wants it to come to us now and want to find the quick hack or the the quick investment that's going to 10x in two months. Sure, there's always outliers that figure out a way to do that, but every time I've tried to do that, I've lost my money and it's been painful. And I'm like, "Okay, I think I've learned that lesson, but here's this new like quick, easy money opportunity." And every time I do it again, I'm like, "What was I thinking?" Yeah. You see that others act like there's a way to do it so easy. If you just invest in crypto, if you just invest in this, if you just do this thing, you're going to make quick and easy money. I don't know anyone who's made hundreds of millions, millions, or billions who's lived that way. They might have invested and gone all in on one business and created generational wealth. Or maybe they went all in on investing in one main stock that ended up 10 or 20xing over time. But going the quick make easy money way doesn't usually work and it's painful lessons you have to live afterwards. So I don't know. Have you ever made quick easy money? No. No. I I haven't for sure. And and I probably made mistakes when I had a bad relationship with money. Yeah. I remember my one of my mentors in like 2013 told me to invest in crypto. And at the time I thought to myself, it's a scam. I've only got like I only like at that time in my life, I probably had $1,000, right, saved because I'd just come out. I just started working. I didn't have the money. So I was thinking $1,000, what's it going to do? Obviously I was stupid. I didn't know. That also wouldn't have been quick. It would have taken 10 15 years. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like 12. We could always look back and say, "Oh, our friend told us to invest in this thing 10 years ago." And if I imagine if I did it 10 years Yeah. Just like any stock. If you invest in it and wait 10 years, it should go up if the company continues to do well. I've never made easy money. And I Well, here's You actually You actually have made easy money after putting in a decade plus of work. a decade of developing skills, of monetizing your skills, and following the seven habits we talk about in this book, which is yeah, you can make easy money now. You can get paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to speak for 60 minutes because you've added so much value in the world for the past decade plus and even a decade before that of spiritual practice before you even learned how to make money. So, two decades, two decades of how do I develop skills within me to serve people, whether it be one-on-one, 1 to 10, 1 to 10,000. How do I develop those skills to serve and give generously? You have followed this mindset perfectly, which is a mindset of generosity and gratitude. And that's all you did for essentially the last two decades. How can I learn how to become a better human? How can I give generously? and how can I be appreciative and grateful for the life that I have? And you had no money for almost four years as a monk, but I would bet that you lived a beautifully rich life. Mhm. You didn't need the money to feel rich. You felt provided for. You had nature. You had community. You were learning. You got to be on purpose. You got to serve. And what a beautiful gift to receive. And you had no money in your bank account. Mhm. But you were probably one of the richest people that you knew. And that is beautiful. Yeah. That is abundant. Yeah. And that's something that definitely doesn't change with the financial change. If I have no money right now, how can I get to a place where you were at where I had the richest, most abundant life? Cuz I was working on me. I was a giver. I was generous with my time and my energy and my resources with every whatever I had. And then how can I start to earn more money, make money easy by feeling effortless internally, expanding my nervous system so that it can receive more and feel safe. That is a rich abundant life. And that's what we're all really looking for. And me and you both know people who have hundreds of million dollars that they've exited companies and they're not happy. It doesn't mean having more money equals happiness. You still have to learn how to heal you and have a healthy relationship with yourself and money even when you have it. When you're looking for a quick fix and a quick win, the problem is the speed at which you win is the speed at which you lose. Yes. Right. So if you think I'll put money into this now, I'll make something in a week. Chances are, like you said, you lose it immediately. You lose in a day. You lose it in a day. And the reason that happens is because you actually don't know why you're putting your money there. So it goes back to your first point of awareness. It goes back to something you call the mapping habit, the plan. Because what's going on is you're saying, I want this to happen now. I want this to happen immediately. I want this to happen quickly. So I know zero about this crypto. I know zero about this property. I've had friends literally gamble away their life savings because they heard all their friends were making money through crypto. I always when people say to me, "I've got this much money. What should I invest in?" I'm like, "What do you know about? Invest in that. What do you actually know about?" Like, "What do you actually have experience, knowledge, wisdom in because guess what? Because of that, you'll make money on it because you actually understand it." Again, it goes back to the point of respect. If we don't respect our audience, it doesn't grow. If you don't respect your community, it doesn't grow. If you don't respect your clients, it doesn't grow. By us saying, "I want to make money, but I know nothing about this industry," it means I'm disrespecting the industry. And sure, there may be one person who had some lucky story that they tell you about. But the truth is, most of us are not going to get there. So, if you have a little bit of money and you're like, "Jay, I've only got $100 to invest. Lewis, I've only got $1,000 to invest." And you ask me where to put it, put it in what you know. Put it in yourself if that's all you know is yourself and your skills. And I think so many of us are looking for that ticket, but actually that investment in yourself will pay so many dividends. This is this is I'm glad you said this because a week ago someone literally asked me if I have $1,000 right now to invest, where should I invest it? And everyone says, "Put it in crypto, put it in real estate funds, put it in all these things." Don't listen to any of that. When I had no money, there was two things that I needed to create more of a currency within me. And that was courage and confidence. I lacked the courage to develop certain skills. When I had courage to go all in on learning public speaking or learning how to write, I didn't know those skills. I actually lacked those skills and I was afraid to be a failure at those things by trying them. But by having the courage to invest my time and energy in a public speaking class, in a writing coach, I didn't have the skills, but I developed the courage. That courage created the actions to create confidence. That confidence created a currency within me of belief. That belief dictated my behaviors to start charging more, to go out there and ask for more, to put myself out there in bigger ways. And so, if you have $1,000 or $5,000 right now and you want to figure out where to invest it, invest it in courage to learn new skills that will give you confidence. That will be an incredible currency that you'll have forever. I mean, Lewis, I'm so excited for people to read this book. It's honestly I love this conversation because we're both sitting here as people who like you said not not finished our money journey either. We're we're you know I've got so many years left to learn so much more. The reason why I empathize with it is I never ever thought I'd be financially abundant mentally or physically. And I know you feel the same way. I never figure out how to make money. Same. I really empathize with everyone who's listening going I'm stuck. I'm trying to figure this out. But I really do believe it starts with this because this is the work you'll have to do whether you make money tomorrow or in 10 years. And no matter how much you make, you're still going to have to do this work. Yes. In this book because even if you find a way to make money and you become really really financially successful, you will never feel free in that financial success without doing this work. And you'll still feel anxious and you'll still feel stressed and you'll still feel all of that. Right? I tell a story in the book about I used to live in an apartment building here in you know in LA. It was really sad and there's a lot of wealthy people in this building that I lived in. A lot of celebrities and billionaires. I was the poorest person there which is another another lesson which is to put yourself in rooms where you can mastermind with people and be around proximity of of people who have more so you can learn from them. But I uh was on a trip and I came back from a trip driving back into the the valet of my building and there was a tent in the valet like in the driveway and I kind of jokingly said to the valet attendant as I pulled into the building I said someone didn't jump did they kind of like joking and the guy looked at me with like a serious face like yeah it just happened like 30 minutes ago and I was I was like this can't be real. I was like what? There's billionaires in here. There's millionaires in here. There's celebrities in here. I was like, why would anyone in this building take their own life? And it was kind of like just this shock to me because I learned later who this person was. Someone did jump off the building right before I came back. And he was worth hundreds of millions of dollars net worth if you just Googled his name. And I was just thinking, why would someone worth so much money take their life? And I don't want to assume what really happened, but it doesn't mean having all the money in the world is going to solve all your problems, and you're going to feel like you can love and accept yourself, that you have self-worth. So, like you said, you may learn how to make a lot of money, but if you haven't learned how to heal your relationship with you, then all the money in the world can't save your life and can't make you feel rich, can't make you feel abundant, can't make you have beautiful relationships with friends, family, colleagues. And that's real. The real wealth comes in life when you have deep meaningful relationships. And something I want to acknowledge that you do really well is you follow this first habit, the mindset habit so well, which is how can I be generous with my time, my energy, my love for friends, family, colleagues, your community. This community feels it. Everyone listening and watching right now feel your generosity, your giving heart, and your gratitude for them. Whether it be individually or collectively, they feel it. And most people, they want to make more money, but they don't have that generosity, that grateful spirit, and they want the quick fix. They want to make easy money quick, not make money easy. And the billionaires that I know you know, and the millionaires that that we know, we've interviewed, and I'll ask them this question. What do you think the key to creating more financial abundance every year after year is for you? Every billionaire or mega millionaire will say giving more. I make more when I give more that year. Whether it be giving more to charities, whether it be giving to people in my life, whether it be giving back to my community, giving back to my employees, my business, finding ways to give more and almost give where it feels a little uncomfortable. Like that was that was a big check I just wrote. Oh man, I care about this cause, this charity. Uh, I feel safe giving this amount, but what really would make it uncomfortable? Or I go to church every week and I typically give this, but what would make me feel a little uncomfortable? Most of these people say the more they give when it's the most uncomfortable, somehow they just keep earning more. And I'm not saying you should give all your money away and you're going to earn more back. But having that mindset of generosity, and you do this very well where you give to your community, whenever there's some type of breakdown in the world, you you're one of the first people to say, "How can we give? How can we rally the troops?" You give first. You rally the troops. Say, "Let's give back." The fires happened. Stuff happened in India a couple years ago. Stuff's always happening. And you say, "We're going to give." I don't know if that seems something conscious you think about like oh by giving more every year it helps me make more but also I feel richer and when you do that with everyone in your life whether you're the hostess and you give curiosity love passion fun playfulness you're giving something in that moment if you can write a check for something that is a cause and you give it's because you can and you do it generously it's just going to make you richer inside and you're creating an energy of abundance to attract more. I think for me it was watching my parents. So for all the other things I said about just enough and everything, my parents always gave in charity. Our home was always a home where everyone was welcome. My mom would happily cook dinner for everyone even though, you know, we didn't have everything. Yeah. And so my parents had this generous heart at the same time. They probably felt rich in that generosity. For sure. And they did it when we didn't have a lot. Like my parents now when I realize how much my parents made and how much they gave in charity, the proportions were pretty off. And I think for me, I just felt so fortunate and I feel so lucky and I feel so grateful that I have been able to find abundance in my life that I feel like the only natural reaction to that has to be to give. Yeah. When I came back to LA with the fires and everything, I was just grateful to come back to our home. Yeah. But not everyone I know came back to a home. And so I felt grateful that I had a home. And so I was like, okay, what can we do? And so I think it comes from a place of gratitude again. It comes from a place of seeing my parents be so generous even though they had nothing to give actually. And it ultimately comes to me because I just feel like there's no better use for it in the long run than that. And I do believe it will come back in its own way. I don't give it because I want it back. I I give it because I believe there's a need. But I do deeply believe that it will come back in its own way and it always has. The book's called Make Money Easy: Create Financial Freedom and Live a Richer Life. Lewis House. Lewis, I'm so grateful genuinely for this conversation. It's left me feeling so rich. I've always felt rich in our friendship and I'm really glad that you wrote about it in this way because I think there's lots of great money experts out there who are giving really good sound financial advice. Yeah, that's not that's not what this is. And I think we need all of it, but I think this is a deep part because I know for me personally, this has been really deep work and you put it into a book. And so I'm so grateful that people get to access. Thank you for doing this. Everyone who's been listening or watching, read the book, learn the habits, tag me and Lewis on Instagram, on Tik Tok. Let me know what's resonating with you, what's connected with you. I want to hear your stories. I want to hear what skill you invested in. I want you to turn up at your job. Even if you hate it, I want you to turn up to it with all the love that you possibly have. See whose mind you blow, who gets impressed by what you're doing. Someone's going to be able to shift your life at some point. And it's going to start with you. But just don't underestimate the value of these things that sound simple and they sound like I've got to figure out something more complex. No, no, no. This is where it starts. And this will mean that at the end of it, you'll be happy. So, uh, thank you to Lewis. Thank you to each and every one of you. And yeah, make money easy. Appreciate it, bro. Make money easy. I love you, bro. If you love this episode, you'll love my conversation with Dr. Joe Dispensza on why stress and overthinking negatively impacts your brain and heart and how to change your habits that are on autopilot. Listen to it right now. How many times do we have to forget until we stop forgetting and start remembering? That's the moment of change. No one cares how many times you fell off the bicycle. If you ride the bicycle now you ride the

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArmandoRosas-g3f: THE NEW GOATS ARE HERE. 
THIS GENERATION TONY ROBBINS
  2. @giuliatogato2156: Guys I'm sorry, I love you both but this is way too whoo whoo...
  3. @SkyKnight73: To me money looks like a voluptuous model, she's casually dressed in a hoddie and skirt. A mix of Britney spears pop with Avaril Levine punk enefy. She's calm yet respectful and is looking for something to love and to feel genuinely appreciated beyond just her looks.
  4. @RobertScofield-g4y: Monopoly man with dollar bills all over him. Pure green. Lets talk
  5. @Therinasmith: Interesting perspective. It’s true that sometimes people can achieve a lot financially and still not feel fulfilled. Do you think mindset plays a bigger role than income?
  6. @richek6320: My take away " To learn my money story, being generous in my time and talents to others. Being grateful for receiving and giving money to feel and becoming more abundant.
  7. @tolivethelife: super valuable talk, thanks :)
  8. @directedbyshe: I don't have a relationship with money. I never wanted to desire it bc I never had it growing up and I didn't want it to disapoint me if I didn't get it. Now I am learning how that's the reason I am in the my current situation where money has left all at once. I feel that it needed to happen because I typed this " how to have relationshipt with money" and this podcast came up. This dry money level has been the best thing ever bc i AM changing my story today and my life is going to be new with this relationship. Thank you both :)
  9. @marcelruja: 8:55
...million dolar in the bank and still sleeping on frinds couches? O wow...He sayd that? Really?
  10. @Sparkle-87: The person who walks in through the door if he were money - I would hug and kiss him, he’s my world known him a while but developed romantically - I found him and I want to be the best person and just have a great life together so he has no worries in life ❤
  11. @hiranjandias3626: $ I need help
  12. @hiranjandias3626: $
  13. @Sparkle-87: I’m reading a book called Napoleon hill - think and grow rich good book so far
  14. @isaiahthe_dev: I come from a place where my trust has been broken many times. I grew up being outcasted from my family simply because Im mixed or because they dont like my parents, my friends would use me and make fun of me behind my back just because i was always a bit awkward in social situations, and now my girlfriend of nearly 2 years is pregnant, and im starting to find out that this girl isnt the one for me cause shes not as passionate about helping the community as I am. It seems like shes more focused on getting her own needs provided. I cant give up my responsibilities because i have some part in getting myself in this situation and i work off of principles, not survival. But after bills and unexpected expenses i end up nearly broke at the end of each month. I managaed to save up a couple thousand and ive been looking into starting my own business, but im not sure what kind of business to get into because i dont have a truck or much money to put in initially but i have a very strong work ethic and drive. I just cant afford something too risky cause i have a baby to think about. If anyone could just share some advice it would mesn the world to me
  15. @CheniReacts-e5o: Great vídeo, Thank you :face-red-heart-shape:
  16. @modernbossblueprint: talking to money is what stood out for me, unlearning the narrative that all people that have money are doing shady things!!!
  17. @AdrianaGonzalez-if3vu: Thank you so much for this conversation. Golden nuggets. You both are amazing and wise men.  I learned a lot from you today and I would like to add value everywhere I go.:face-red-heart-shape:
  18. @JasonBrown282-f2l: I like that you kept it realistic instead of overhyping things. Makes it easier to trust.
  19. @DanielMartin-g9t: Do you think social media is helping people learn finance, or just creating false expectations?
  20. @SportsTrendingStats: I think you are too old to have nintendo in your young age 😂

- 🔥How I Made VIRAL AI Inspirational Finance Videos (FREE AI Tools): Kind: captions Language: en Um, what you're seeing on the screen right now is a faceless finance video style that is absolutely exploding. And no, this is not theory, not motivation. This is 100% real. I created this entire 14-minute video using free AI tools only. Uh, let's quickly preview the final result. How many times have you said this exact sentence in your head? Tomorrow, I'll finally fix my routine. You've said it after a bad day. You've said it before exams. You've said it on Sunday night lying in bed. phone in your hand. >> Now, let me show you why this works. While scrolling YouTube, I accidentally discovered a channel that instantly caught my attention. So, I did what most people don't. I dug deep, and what I found completely shocked me. This channel was created just 4 months ago, has uploaded only 31 videos. Yet, it already has 71,000 plus subscribers, over 3 million total views, and is conservatively earning $8,000 plus dollars per month. But here's where it gets insane. Every single video on this channel is crossing hundreds of thousands of views. Their top video alone has crossed 1.7 million views. And now listen to this very carefully. Every video on this channel is made 100% with AI no face, no voice recording, no editing skills, and each video takes less than 20 minutes to create. This is the power of a high RPM finance niche combined with USA based targeting. If you do this correctly, the earning potential is not capped. There is no ceiling. The sky is literally the limit. Now, I know what you're thinking. How exactly are they doing this? What tools are they using? Can I really replicate this without spending money? And the answer is yes. In this video, I'm going to show you the exact stepbystep workflow to build a USA based high RPM faceless channel and create these viral finance videos using free AI tools only. After watching this tutorial, you won't need to watch any other video on this topic. But if you skip even one part, you'll miss something important. So, let's start with the absolute foundation. Um, generating viral channel name ideas. Just use this prompt in chat GPT. You can change the number of channel name ideas you want to generate and it will instantly generates 10 high authority channel names which are easy to remember with SEOfriendly positioning and have perfect alignment with finance plus inspiration niche. You can simply pick the one you like. For this video, I'm going to continue with this channel name. Growth starts now. Once you finalized your channel name, simply go to YouTube and create a new channel. Enter your channel name. Set up your channel handle, also known as your username. That's it. Your channel is now live. Um, next comes branding. And this is where AI saves you hours of work. Simply paste this prompt into Chat GPT. Replace the channel name placeholder uh with your own channel name. Within a few seconds, ChatGpt will generate a clean, professional finance style channel logo for you. I tested the exact same prompt inside Gemini as well. And as you can see on screen, Gemini generated a solid logo, too. So, you're not limited to one tool. You can use chat GPT or Gemini. Both work perfectly. Once your logo is finalized, we move to the next critical step, uh, the channel description. Again, you'll use a simple prompt in chat GPT. Just replace the channel name and chat GPT will generate a viral SEO optimized channel description. Now, this part is extremely important. This description does three powerful things. First, it clearly explains who this channel is for. Second, it explains what problem this channel solves. And third, it explains why this matters right now. This exact structure is what the YouTube algorithm prefers. It helps YouTube understand your niche faster. It improves discoverability and it positions your channel correctly from day one. After adding the channel description, the next important step is the channel banner. And again, we're not doing anything manually. Simply use this prompt in chat GPT. Replace the channel name placeholder with your own channel name. And within seconds, chat GPT will generate a clean, attractive finance style channel banner. As you can see on screen, I've completed the full setup for my channel. Growth starts now. Channel handle is set, logo is added, banner is live, and the channel description is fully optimized. Now comes a step where most beginners get confused. Channel tags. Most people either skip this or add random keywords that do nothing for discoverability. So remember this clearly. Your channel tags must define who the channel is. Four, define what the channel is about. Support your first video topic. Stay broad but intentional. If you do this wrong, YouTube struggles to understand your channel. If you do it right, discovery becomes much easier. To make this simple, I've created a perfect prompt for you. Just paste it into chat GPT. Replace the channel name and chat GPT will generate the most relevant, well ststructured channel tags for your niche. These tags help position your channel correctly from day one. As you can see, I've already added these tags to my channel. Now, because we're building a USA based YouTube channel with maximum earning potential, there are a few critical settings you cannot afford to miss. First, change your country of residence to United States. Second, change your currency to US dollars. Next, go to upload defaults, then open advanced settings. Set your video language to English, United States, and also set your title and description language to English, United States. Now comes one of the most important settings, channel category. You must select education. This is extremely important for a finance and inspiration channel. It directly impacts RPM and advertiser quality. Next, go to community moderation. Scroll down and enable hold comments with hashtags and URLs for review. This protects your channel from spam and keeps your comment section clean. Finally, go to your channel settings, open feature eligibility, and make sure all three options are enabled. Advanced features are critical for reach and trust. You can enable them by submitting documents or with a simple 10-second video verification. Once this is done, you have officially created a viral ready SEO optimized USAbased inspirational plus finance high RPM YouTube channel. This channel is now positioned to start getting attention from day one. And now it's time to create these simple but highly engaging videos that actually go viral. Now, let's talk about the single most important factor behind any viral video, a viral topic. If the topic doesn't stop people from scrolling, nothing else matters. After analyzing all the viral videos on this channel, I identified the exact patterns that are driving their views. Based on that analysis, I created a perfect prompt for you. You can simply paste this prompt into chat GPT and it will instantly generate 20 unique high potential inspirational finance and money video ideas. These topics are designed to trigger curiosity, feel relatable, and keep viewers watching. You can choose any one of them to start with, and trust me, if you execute it correctly, you can start getting views from your very first video. For this example, I'm going to go with the first topic. Most students follow the wrong daily routine. Do this instead. Once your topic is finalized, the next step is scripting. And again, we're not writing anything manually. Simply use the script generation prompt in chat GPT. You can adjust the duration based on the video length you want and make sure you replace the character name Zach with your own unique character name for your channel. This is extremely important because the same character name will be used throughout your videos. When you run this prompt, chat GPT will generate a complete script that includes a strong opening hook, a clear video introduction, the core problem section, a midv video retention spike, a powerful closing message, and a natural call to action. This script structure is designed to maximize watch time, and yes, this prompt can genuinely create scripts that go viral. Once your script is ready, the next step is voice over. And we're going to generate a high quality AI voice, completely free. For this, go to 11 Labs and sign up. On the free plan, 11 Labs gives you 10,000 AI credits every month. No payment required. After signing up, select the model 11 multilingual V2. Then choose a deep storytelling style voice. My personal favorite is Adam uh deep storytelling. Once selected, simply copy your script from chat GPT, paste it into 11 Labs, generate the voice over, and download the audio file. Now that your voice over is ready, the next step is visuals. But before generating scenes, we need to create our main character. This character will appear consistently across all videos. Use this character generation prompt. And once again, replace the name Zach with the same character name you used in your script. If the names don't match, your scene images won't be consistent. Copy the full prompt and paste it into Gemini using Nano Banana Pro. Gemini will generate a clean, highquality character image for you. If you don't have free access to Nano Banana Pro, I've shared a separate video where I explain a secret method to use it 100% free without paying anything. Once your character is generated, we move to the most important step, creating images and videos for every scene in your script. For this step, you'll use this single prompt. All you need to do is add your script into the script placeholder provided at the end of this prompt. Simply copy the full prompt. Go to chat GPT, paste it. Now, before you copy your script, there's one important rule you must follow. Never paste the entire script at once. For best results, copy only 30 to 40 lines of script at a time. Once the first 30 to 40 lines are done, come back and copy the next 30 to 40 lines. This keeps the output clean, detailed, and scene accurate. So, I'm copying the first 40 lines of my script, uh, pasting them into the script placeholder, um, and hitting send. Within seconds, chat GPT generates a complete scene by scene breakdown. For every scene, it gives you the exact script line, a detailed image prompt, and a matching video prompt. This script makes the editing process incredibly easy because you always know which visual belongs to which voice over line. Now that we have the prompts, let's generate visuals. Take the image prompt for scene one. Um, go back to the same Gemini chat uh where you created your character. Paste the prompt and hit generate. And just like that, your first scene image is ready featuring your main character. Now, let's turn this image into a video completely free. For this, visit Grock Imagine. The link is in the description. Grock allows free imagetovideo generation. There is a daily limit, but that's not a problem. Once you hit the limit, you can simply use a temporary email service to create another account and continue generating videos for free. Upload the image for scene one. Copy the video prompt for scene one. Paste it into Grock and hit send. Within a few seconds, your video clip for scene one is [music] ready. You repeat the exact same workflow for every scene. Copy the next image prompt, generate the image in Gemini, upload it to Grog, paste the video prompt, generate the video clip. [music] Using this exact process, I've generated video clips for all the scenes in this video. And now we move to the final step, editing. Now before we move into editing, there's one small issue you might face. After generating many images, your Gemini chat may become heavy and start lagging. If that happens, don't worry. Simply download your generated character image, open a new Gemini chat, upload your character image, then paste this prompt, and make sure you replace Zach with your own character name. This resets the context and allows you to continue generating images and videos smoothly. This simple trick will save you a lot of time. Now, let's move to editing. Open your favorite video editor. First, import the voice over file. Drag it onto the timeline. Next, we need to remove silent spaces from the voice over. You can do this manually, but if you're using Fil Mora, there's a much faster way. Simply click on this option. Use the exact settings you're seeing on the screen. Click analyze. Then click finish and replace. And just like that, all silent gaps are removed. Now your voice over will be clean and professional. Next, import all your video clips. Place them on the timeline in the correct order. Adjust each clip so it syncs perfectly with the voice over. Now, you'll notice something. These video clips already contain background sound and noise. We don't need that. Select all video clips at once and reduce their volume to minus20 dB. Now let's add transitions. For most clips, use the push right transition. Drag it between clips. Set the duration to 13 frames if you're using Fil Mora. 0.5 seconds if you're using Cap Cut. I've added push transitions to all the larger clips. Now transitions need sound, otherwise they feel dead. Whenever you use push right, add a click sound effect with it. Next, for longer clips, use the flash transition and keep the same duration as before. With flash transitions, use the short whoosh sound effect and increase its speed to 1.4 times. Once all transitions and sound effects are placed, select all sound effects on the timeline and reduce their volume to minus 8 dB. In some scenes, you'll see chat bubbles like this. For those moments, add the bubble pop sound effect. You can also add automatic captions if you want. Go to titles, then AI captions, then dynamic captions. For this video, I'm skipping captions. Using these exact editing steps, you can edit the full video smoothly and efficiently. Once everything looks good, export the video and bingo, your video is ready. Let's preview it. >> How many times have you said this exact sentence in your head? Tomorrow, I'll finally fix my routine. You've said it after a bad day. You've said it before exams. You've said it on Sunday night, lying in bed, phone in your hand, staring at the ceiling. And when you say it, you really mean it. You imagine it clearly. Tomorrow you'll wake up early. Tomorrow you won't waste time. Tomorrow you'll study properly. Tomorrow you'll finally feel in >> I've shared the full 14-minute final video link in the description below. Now that the video is ready, the next critical step is uploading it correctly. But before we move into the correct upload method, if you've watched till here, please support this video by hitting the like button and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Now, let's move to the uploading secrets. The first and most important thing during upload is the thumbnail. For that, you don't need design skills. Simply use this magical prompt in Chat GPT. Replace the topic placeholder with your video topic and bingo. ChatGpt will generate a viral thumbnail concept with a clean three panel vertical structure. This structure visually tells a story. Problem confusion solution didn't. It's extremely easy to understand at a quick scroll uh which is critical for mobile first click-through rate. The bold wrong routine text contrast uh red versus white sketch style visuals and bottom placement creates a strong emotional triggers without clutter. This drives curiosity and fast clicks. Next comes the video title. It's another critical element. Again, simply use this prompt in chat GPT. Replace the topic placeholder and chat GPT will generate a viral yet SEO optimized title designed to help even your very first video get views. Next is the video description. Use this prompt. Replace the topic with your video topic and chat GPT will generate a viral SEO optimized description with the exact structure YouTube's algorithm prefers. It also includes optimized hashtags, a readytouse pinned comment, and even a caption for your community post. Now, let's talk about video tags. Tags are especially important for a new channel. They help YouTube understand who this video should be recommended to. I've created a magical prompt template for this as well. Just replace the topic placeholder and chat GPT will generate the best possible tags to help your video reach the right audience. Once everything is ready for upload, here are two bonus tips you should not skip. First, use your exact video title as the final video file name. And do the same for your thumbnail file name. YouTube reads file names and this helps it better understand what your video is about. Second, upload timing. If you're targeting USA, UK, and Canada traffic, you should upload between 8:30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time and 1000 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. And this is the sweet spot for USA based channels. And the best days to upload are Sunday and Monday. If you've watched till here, hit the like button if you haven't already. Subscribe to the channel. Uh, leave your feedback in the comments below and share this video with someone you truly care about because this one video can genuinely change their life. All the steps and prompt workflows are currently exclusive to members, but once this video reaches just 200 likes in the next 6 hours, I'll make everything public for everyone. That's a very small target. And if you want to learn how to create long AI cartoon videos using free AI tools, you cannot afford to miss the video linked above. See you inside that tutorial.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zapiwala [164 likes]: ✅ 𝐔𝐏𝐃𝐀𝐓𝐄: 𝐓𝐀𝐑𝐆𝐄𝐓 𝐀𝐂𝐇𝐈𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐃 — 𝐋𝐈𝐍𝐊 𝐔𝐍𝐋𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐃🎉

As promised, the full Prompt & Workflow pack used in this video is now publicly available 👇

🔗 Access Prompts & Workflow:
👉 https://zapiwala.ai/s/6dOBI

⚠️ Important:
Please watch the full video first before using the prompts.
Skipping steps can break the workflow and reduce results.

𝐖𝐡𝐢𝐜𝐡 𝐩𝐚𝐫𝐭 𝐨𝐟 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐟𝐥𝐨𝐰 𝐰𝐚𝐬 𝐍𝐄𝐖 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐲𝐨𝐮?
1) Topic research & viral idea prompts
2) Script writing prompts
3) Image → video workflow & scene prompts
4) Video Upload & SEO Tips (title, description, tags) prompts
5) USA-based channel setup tips & prompts
6) Editing workflow (transitions, SFX, captions)
7) Thumbnail strategy & thumbnail prompts
8) Other (comment it 👇)
  2. @carlyobsen [1 likes]: Thank you sir for the knowleged share I hope learned something,
  3. @ThisisJuwel-c1x [1 likes]: 100% Great:text-green-game-over:
  4. @PositivePulseAnimations [1 likes]: If I'm not from United States, will I still set my location to USA? Won't that affect my channel?
  5. @olaade1555 [1 likes]: Will this work for people living in the uk
  6. @ironvaultstories [1 likes]: Hi creator you did a great job, I tap from your knowledge.
  7. @pantaenglish [1 likes]: All the best bro
  8. @Dr.EverydayPsychology-US [1 likes]: Grok is no more free, is there any alternative for generating animation ?
  9. @kazeemabolaji5626 [1 likes]: Thank you for your good work.Please,how can I get all the prompts used in this video?
  10. @Trendingtalks-2u [1 likes]: What's is this file name means??
  11. @Trendingtalks-2u [1 likes]: Grok is paid do u have any alternative tool?
  12. @ArifHidayat21 [1 likes]: grock is no longer free :)
  13. @AyushKumar92 [1 likes]: Hey zapiwala, just wanted to ask you that if someone else used all the 20 topic that you have generated can chat gpt generate more different topics ?
  14. @clasin8629 [1 likes]: Ciao, but for monetized It. We Need ti remove the logo of gemini ? Thanks
  15. @Mindexpose01 [1 likes]: Good knowledge thanks
  16. @GrowthWealthSignal [1 likes]: This is super dope
  17. @clasin8629 [1 likes]: Hi. Thanks fornite video. I tried It , Is possibile this type of video Need ti create 200 hundred Imagine or more ?
  18. @LUErasArdrey [1 likes]: This video has a nice balance between detail and simplicity.
  19. @StickVibe2026: ❤
  20. @geniismyfriend: Grok imagine is paid how to get it for free

- How to Post From TikTok to YouTube | YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en If you're looking to take a video that you just posted on TikTok and publish it on YouTube, this is the video for you. Hey guys, welcome back. At Launch and Scale, we help you with actionable strategies to help you launch in scale your e-commerce brand with passion and purpose. So be sure to hit that subscribe button. All right, in this demo, I wanna show you how we take a TikTok video that we've just published and how to publish it over to YouTube. So keep in mind that you do need a couple of things before this starts. Number one, you want to have a TikTok profile, and number two, you wanna have a YouTube channel, okay? It doesn't matter how many videos you've posted on YouTube, if this is literally your first video that we're about to post together, fantastic. Okay? So the very first thing I wanna do is I wanna go to desktop. And on desktop I'm gonna go to tiktok.com. And the first thing I wanna do is look to remove the TikTok logo. So let's just go to my profile search for it here. Okay, so what I wanna do is I wanna take this video that I just published on TikTok on my mobile and take that and push it over to YouTube. So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to, how do you know where you should click into the video? Yeah. And then on the right hand side, you're gonna click on copy link. And then what you're gonna do is you're gonna go over to a program called Save tick.app. And this is a free online software that will let you remove the watermark from your TikTok video. So you see this over here, the watermark that's going to remove that so that when you go to publish that on YouTube or other platforms, it is clean and it's not, it doesn't have the TikTok branding. So when we have that, I'm then going to copy and paste the thing, and I'm gonna click on download. And that's gonna give me three options. What I wanna do is I want to click on download video and you're going to see what happens. So I'm just gonna open the file and show you what safe tick is actually removed from the video. Okay, so how do you know? You see that it's kept the captions from TikTok, which is excellent, and it's also kept the hook. Super important. That's gonna be great for your YouTube thumbnail, which will be the kind of the still image that someone sees when they're looking to click onto your video. So moving to that, when we go back to this, the next thing I'm gonna do is go to YouTube, okay? And what I'm gonna do is I'm going to, while logged into the channel that I want to publish this short two, I'm gonna click on Create and I will click on upload video. Okay? The next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna select the file that I want to upload to YouTube. So going in my downloads folder, click this one here and we'll wait for it to upload. Okay, awesome. So the next thing I wanna do is when we look at the hook that I use, so for SEO purposes, meaning to be able to get, um, have YouTube know easily what the video's about, I'm gonna take the same hook, which is should I launch my product on, um, Shopify or Kickstarter? So that is the searchable title that I'm gonna add into YouTube. YouTube is the world's second largest search engine. So if you can get some extra traffic to your videos because of what people are searching for, amazing. So I'm gonna create the title. Should I launch my product on Shopify, your Kickstarter? Okay. And then you'll see down here that I have a video description. Don't worry about this, just leave it. And then what you wanna do is do hashtag shorts to YouTube is pretty good about seeing that this short form vertical video is a short, but if you just wanna go the extra mile, categorize that as hashtag shorts so that it will become a YouTube short, which is a form of video that is, uh, vertical TikTok style that you're going to see on YouTube. So the next thing I'm gonna do is scroll through. If you're wondering about some of the descriptions, um, as of recording this, you cannot customize the thumbnail on a YouTube short. Um, so going through here, just keep everything the same and click on next, click on next, click on next. And then what you're gonna do is click on public and then publish. So let me show you where that goes. Okay, awesome. So the video's uploaded super easy in just a couple steps. This is how you can do it. So at this point you may be wondering, great, this sounds easy, but this is pretty manual. Kirsten, why didn't you use a third party scheduler? Like, why didn't I use something like a buffer, a hoot suite, a repurposed.io? Um, we actually noticed that a few months ago, um, when we were, we were scheduling content out, which is obviously what we as business owners wanna do when we were scheduling things out using third party tools. Platforms like Instagram and YouTube have drastically reduced the organic reach that your video got. So, as an example, let me go through some of my shorts and show you some of the views and then how we overnight change that from very little views, like dozens of views if we're lucky to hundreds and thousands of views with this one simple change. Okay, so when you YouTube's algorithm changed, we at this point when you're gonna see a line of shorts here on my profile and you could see some of the views. So 24 views, 29, 8 views. Um, and considering we have over a thousand subscribers on this channel as of recording this, those views are like really, really low. So what ended up happening was we decided to test about manually posting. So we stopped scheduling and posting with third party tools and started manually uploading to YouTube and Instagram. And literally overnight of making this change, you could see when we made the change, we went from 30 views to 1400 to 800 to 1500 to 1200, and it, unless if a video really bombs, we're now consistently getting hundreds of views. So if you're going through this and wondering like, Hey, why did, um, you decide to post this manually when we can easily automate it, it's because we found that we have gotten much better results and organic reach, meaning, uh, we get a lot more views when we post manually to the platform. Um, of course there are workarounds you could do, like when you get into the habit of posting one video per day, you may want to look to batch this as much as possible. And using tools like on YouTube where you can schedule out your content, um, that's gonna help you kind of set it and forget it, just like that. So outside of that, let me know if you have any questions or comments about this style of video, and we will see you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pencil-hi [1 likes]: Yes still working after 2 years
  2. @CookieGamerYT87 [1 likes]: Helped so much even on mobile it worked thank you
  3. @cursedvesselJo [1 likes]: THANK YOU I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR MONTHS
  4. @dalemorgan6210: Thanks 😊cutie
  5. @AaronGunasekara: Muhhahahha😊
  6. @justonedaytraveltours-owne6844: THANK YOU! I've been putting off the transfer from TT to YT forever. This made is super easy. Not even a few hours in and the views are already climbing! seriously. Thanks!
  7. @Bardel_Gaming: how to paint . drive . play piano ... 
you need to have hands .
  8. @MrMajid070: This was awesome, thank you! But what if I want to KEEP the tiktok watermark on the video?
  9. @naylitbynay: Thank you!
  10. @olefilemoliki2236: Well explained thank you ❤
  11. @CathyCleopatra: I would like to do this with a tik tok that was sent to me that features me. is it possible?
  12. @cindypie21: Great tips and discoveries sis❤🎉
  13. @channelzero0.0: so how do I save fro  tiktok app to file...You said then yopu go to "THIS FILE" what file ...Im lost !!@!@!
  14. @TraceyHolliday1: Can you do this on app on an iOS or do you have to have a computer?
  15. @brianlamos: Thank you!
  16. @LMo_AnythingGoes: This isn't working at all. The savetik is pulling someone else's videos in and I've tried it three times.
  17. @LMo_AnythingGoes: Doesn't this mean anyone can click the link to my tiktok and publish it to their you tube?
  18. @H.TroubleC: Thank you! This is really helpful. Just a question, what about some voice overs that are free to tiktok, yet copy protected in youtube? Would that be ok or is there something that needs to be done to avoid this?
  19. @mossy.bones1: great stuff
  20. @GiselleThayer: OMG Thank you so much for this video!! I am new to YouTube so your thorough explanation was extremely helpful!! Thank you again!!!

- How to Connect TikTok to YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone. In today's Tik Tok video, I wanted to show you how to link your YouTube channel to your Tik Tok account. It's a great way to send people from Tik Tok to watch your videos on YouTube. So, this way you could do a quick trailer, for example, right here on Tik Tok, shorter video, and send people over there. So, what you want to do here, I'm on the homepage, but I want to go to the profile page on the bottom right, the me icon. And on this page, I want to press edit profile. If you press edit profile, you're going to get a couple of things. This is where you could change your profile, video, photo, channel name, description, but you could also add Instagram and YouTube at the time of this recording. So, to add YouTube, I'm just going to press add YouTube here. It's going to take me to my Google account where I have to use the same email as my YouTube channel. So, I'm going to go ahead and do that and press next. And on the next page, I have to type in my password. Again, the same password I use to log into my YouTube channel with my email. Then if you have multiple channels like I do, you'll have to just click the one that you want to link here. So I'm going to choose the Hinity channel here to link to it. I'm going to give Tik Tok access to my Google account. Press allow. And then once that's done, press save on top of the page. So now you got a new icon next to edit profile. So if I press that icon, it's going to launch YouTube if you already have the app installed. So anybody could come here on my YouTube channel and check out some of my videos at any time. If you want to unlink it, go to edit profile, click your channel on the YouTube text here, and then press unlink. And that will unlink it for you. And just press save on top, and you're all set. So, it's that simple to link your Tik Tok account to your YouTube account. I hope you found this quick video useful. Please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to this channel for daily social media and tech videos. And I'll catch you next time. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kimy-bluey-w7d [1 likes]: How??
  2. @CalledByChr1st [1 likes]: It says I can only add lemon8
  3. @AnimeJoe0520 [1 likes]: Thank you for the information!
  4. @MariaAraujo-ik8is [1 likes]: Ok
  5. @jo_00432: I got it
  6. @AzzamAnugrah-l5w: youTudeVSTilkTok
  7. @DawahLand: I don't think this is possible anymore
  8. @LosFarm3rz: I can’t even switch out from it. It just says business verification
  9. @MeliTime619: i do not have the opption
  10. @NeymarJunior-yg7ud: تابعبتتعقنعثك
  11. @HannahOwusu-j3i: ❤❤❤
  12. @dualeabdiwarsame9911: Sultan Gelinsoor geeska Africa
  13. @Forgottencarsurbexuk: 0:26 start.
  14. @teddygamersup: Si può anche fare viceversa?
  15. @firellamaman: The mic🥀🥀
  16. @JumaGift-wi7dm: Okay thanks
  17. @Urfav.jaden11: Anyone here in 2025?
  18. @MariaAraujo-ik8is: Thanks. You.  For.  Video  by
  19. @BKfunnyvideo-i3r: thank you bro!!!❤
  20. @IgboWales: youtube don't have Tiktok as one of the business merchants listed in the "Earn" section under "Shopping" Tab

- How to Connect TikTok to YouTube & Get 3x MORE Subscribers: Kind: captions Language: en - So, here is what can happen when you know exactly what to post on TikTok. There's an incredible opportunity right now to leverage TikTok to drive a flood of views and get new subscribers to your YouTube channel when you know what to do. So, in this video, I'm going to teach you exactly what you want to post on TikTok to get views and subscribers over here on YouTube. Let's do this! Hey everybody! This is Leah Rae from DigitalTrailblazer.com. Now, if you don't know what TikTok is or how it works, just think Instagram but with posts that are videos, one minute or less in length. And now, TikTok is one of the fastest growing social media platforms in the world. A lot of people think it's just for kids but, in the last 18 months, the number of US adults on TikTok has grown by 550%. So, it's quickly being adopted by users of all ages. Now, the TikTok app has been downloaded over 1.5 billion times and is the most downloaded app on the Apple App Store. Now, overall, TikTok has over 800 million users and the exciting part for people like you and me is that very few of those users are content creators... They're just viewers; people who want to watch stuff. So, there's an incredible opportunity to get your content in front of a large audience that is hungry for new content. So, how exactly do you get people from TikTok over to your YouTube channel where you can better monetize that exposure? The first step is to link your YouTube channel to your TikTok account, and it's not that hard to do. Now, within TikTok, you want to go over to your profile and click on the "Edit Profile" button. Once you're there, on the very bottom, you're going to click the "Add YouTube to your profile" link and then you're going to select your Gmail account that's linked with your YouTube account. Once you do that, click on your brand account if you have one, then you simply have to give TikTok permission for your YouTube account and voila, you are connected. Now you have a YouTube icon on your bio within your profile on TikTok. If you're gonna click it, it heads right over to YouTube. Now, as far as what kind of posts you want to make on TikTok, you don't really need to even create new videos if you don't want to. You can just take pieces of your YouTube videos and repost it to TikTok, which is honestly what we do most of the time. In fact, we often create two to three different TikTok posts out of one YouTube video. But, the key in doing this successfully is curiosity. So, think about TikTok as a movie trailer for your full YouTube video. What you want to do is to create excitement and interest but most of all, you need to create curiosity. Now, remember, the main goal of your TikTok video is to get people to watch the full video over on YouTube, and that's not going to happen if you completely satisfy their curiosity right there on TikTok. So, one way you can do this, for example, is if you create a listicle video on YouTube... Like our "Top 10 highest paying online jobs" video, and then give them maybe three of the ten on TikTok and then make them go to YouTube to get the rest. Now, another idea would be to show them before and after results or maybe side-by-side comparisons that make people curious about how you got from one to the other or how one compares to the other. Now, what we really do here is to create an open loop or some sort of cliffhanger; give people part of the story that they psychologically need to know the rest of. So, show them enough of the video that it creates an unresolved question in their mind. So, how did they do that? How do that happen? What happens next? If you make them ask those questions, they're going to go to YouTube to answer them. Because you want to give people just enough of your video that they want to know the rest of the story. And at the end of your TikTok, tell them to check out your full YouTube video to see the rest. Now, I actually have a clip on my phone saved that I add to all of my TikToks at the end, where I simply tell them to go to our bio and to click on the YouTube icon to get the rest of the video. Now, if you found this video helpful, be sure to subscribe and click that little bell, turn on notifications so that you can be notified each and every time that we come out with a new video just like this here on YouTube. Now, to learn more about how to get views and subscribers right here on YouTube, watch this video next, upper right corner of your screen, top of the description. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DigitalTrailblazer [10 likes]: Watch THIS Next To Get Views from Instagram ➡️ https://youtu.be/QlTux-sv2Ts
  2. @ilikedoodleandarkey-Fg3 [1 likes]: how do you find it? 1:43
  3. @Peter-hi6ur [1 likes]: 95% of newcomers don't know how to upload a video to tic toc and none of the channels know how to make it simple for newcomers its all the channels just want cool guys who know about computers in doin that a lot of channels are loosing newcomers you guys are too complicated for us
  4. @exposingthedarknesswiththe9190 [1 likes]: The Chinese government no longer has fertilize for their crops, so the government is mandating people to use their own feces as fertilize; however, it's creating a national health risk throughout China!! (( WHAT A COUNTRY! ))
  XI PING knows nothing about farming but forces his people to use their own waste to grow toxic food, if it will grow at all!! 😢😢
  5. @allrequesthistory [1 likes]: Awesome vid! Thanks! Great help!
  6. @crownofthornsministry1760: Nothing in tiktok that mentions YouTube
  7. @crownofthornsministry1760: Not possible
  8. @lavenelee: This is very helpful
  9. @darlingdefelippo: Short & sweet. Perfect 👌🏻 thank you! 🩷
  10. @viralbooster1437: Thanks
  11. @trkx444: Good tips. How do you edit the video length after it is posted?
  12. @trinimungz: Thank you,
  13. @Willow2639: Good video!
  14. @twistednightscares: Watching this in 2024 and its super helpful thank you 😊
  15. @SaveCanadaFromChindia: NO NO NO, DO NOT DO THIS. YOUTUBE DOES NOT NEED YOUR TIK TOK GARBAGE HERE. THANK YOU
  16. @SaveCanadaFromChindia: NO NO NO, DO NOT DO THIS. YOUTUBE DOES NOT NEED YOUR TIK TOK GARBAGE HERE. THANK YOU
  17. @SaveCanadaFromChindia: NO NO NO, DO NOT DO THIS. YOUTUBE DOES NOT NEED YOUR TIK TOK GARBAGE HERE. THANK YOU
  18. @SummerWaveSounds: Very helpful thank you !
  19. @PowerHittingBriefs: Thank you so much for these tips.  These were very helpful in starting my TikTok channel
  20. @MrNabeelshahkhaki: Good

- How to Add YouTube Channel Link to TikTok (CLICKABLE!): Kind: captions Language: en If you want to grow your YouTube channel by linking it to Tik Tok directly, then watch this video until the very end so you don't make any mistakes. We'll have to access our Tik Tok profile editor. So, let's open the app on our iPhone or our Android device. Then, we're going to hop over to our profile. The next step is to tap on this little edit option, which is going to get us to another section where we can customize stuff related to our Tik Tok account. I'm going to tap on the add link option. Then select YouTube. And your job is to log in or select your Google account which is connected to your YouTube channel. It's going to ask you for your permission. So you can either allow it or deny it. I'll hit continue. And then my channel is going to have a clickable link on my Tik Tok profile page. When anyone on my account taps on this link, it's going to get them straight to my YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @emperordavis [8 likes]: 😢 currently no more
  2. @pollitowd [3 likes]: yeah i guess they removed it i  only see lemon
  3. @NFSStories-mo4kj [2 likes]: You have to turn your TikTok into a business account
  4. @h_y_p_e_r_Tik [1 likes]: It's not showing anymore please help 😞
  5. @simon.0898: I dont have the add link on tiktok
  6. @éNeguinho: ... obrigado pelo video ...
  7. @Epicred4824: I can’t see that link anywhere, why?😮

- What makes something go viral? | Dao Nguyen: Kind: captions Language: en Last year, some BuzzFeed employees were scheming to prank their boss, Ze Frank, on his birthday. They decided to put a family of baby goats in his office. (Laughter) Now, BuzzFeed had recently signed on to the Facebook Live experiment, and so naturally, we decided to livestream the whole event on the internet to capture the moment when Ze would walk in and discover livestock in his office. We thought the whole thing would last maybe 10 minutes, and a few hundred company employees would log in for the inside joke. But what happened? Ze kept on getting delayed: he went to get a drink, he was called to a meeting, the meeting ran long, he went to the bathroom. More and more people started logging in to watch the goats. By the time Ze walked in more than 30 minutes later, 90,000 viewers were watching the livestream. Now, our team had a lot of discussion about this video and why it was so successful. It wasn't the biggest live video that we had done to date. The biggest one that we had done involved a fountain of cheese. But it performed so much better than we had expected. What was it about the goats in the office that we didn't anticipate? Now, a reasonable person could have any number of hypotheses. Maybe people love baby animals. Maybe people love office pranks. Maybe people love stories about their bosses or birthday surprises. But our team wasn't really thinking about what the video was about. We were thinking about what the people watching the video were thinking and feeling. We read some of the 82,000 comments that were made during the video, and we hypothesized that they were excited because they were participating in the shared anticipation of something that was about to happen. They were part of a community, just for an instant, and it made them happy. So we decided that we needed to test this hypothesis. What could we do to test this very same thing? The following week, armed with the additional knowledge that food videos are very popular, we dressed two people in hazmat suits and wrapped rubber bands around a watermelon until it exploded. Eight hundred thousand people watched the 690th rubber band explode the watermelon, marking it as the biggest Facebook Live event to date. The question I get most frequently is: How do you make something go viral? The question itself is misplaced; it's not about the something. It's about what the people doing the something, reading or watching -- what are they thinking? Now, most media companies, when they think about metadata, they think about subjects or formats. It's about goats, it's about office pranks, it's about food, it's a list or a video or a quiz, it's 2,000 words long, it's 15 minutes long, it has 23 embedded tweets or 15 images. Now, that kind of metadata is mildly interesting, but it doesn't actually get at what really matters. What if, instead of tagging what articles or videos are about, what if we asked: How is it helping our users do a real job in their lives? Last year, we started a project to formally categorize our content in this way. We called it, "cultural cartography." It formalized an informal practice that we've had for a really long time: don't just think about the subject matter; think also about, and in fact, primarily about, the job that your content is doing for the reader or the viewer. Let me show you the map that we have today. Each bubble is a specific job, and each group of bubbles in a specific color are related jobs. First up: humor. "Makes me laugh." There are so many ways to make somebody laugh. You can be laughing at someone, you could laugh at specific internet humor, you could be laughing at some good, clean, inoffensive dad jokes. "This is me." Identity. People are increasingly using media to explain, "This is who I am. This is my upbringing, this is my culture, this is my fandom, this is my guilty pleasure, and this is how I laugh about myself." "Helps me connect with another person." This is one of the greatest gifts of the internet. It's amazing when you find a piece of media that precisely describes your bond with someone. This is the group of jobs that helps me do something -- helps me settle an argument, helps me learn something about myself or another person, or helps me explain my story. that makes me feel something -- makes me curious or sad or restores my faith in humanity. Many media companies and creators do put themselves in their audiences' shoes. But in the age of social media, we can go much farther. People are connected to each other on Facebook, on Twitter, and they're increasingly using media to have a conversation and to talk to each other. If we can be a part of establishing a deeper connection between two people, then we will have done a real job for these people. Let me give you some examples of how this plays out. This is one of my favorite lists: "32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately" -- immediately. For example, "When you're going through your sister's stuff, and you hear her coming up the stairs." Absolutely, I've done that. "Watching your sister get in trouble for something that you did and blamed on her." Yes, I've done that as well. This list got three million views. Why is that? Because it did, very well, several jobs: "This is us." "Connect with family." Here are some of the thousands and thousands of comments that sisters sent to each other using this list. Sometimes we discover what jobs do after the fact. This quiz, "Pick an Outfit and We'll Guess Your Exact Age and Height," went very viral: 10 million views. Ten million views. I mean -- did we actually determine the exact age and height of 10 million people? That's incredible. It's incredible. In fact, we didn't. Turns out that this quiz went extremely viral among a group of 55-and-up women -- who were surprised and delighted that BuzzFeed determined that they were 28 and 5'9". "They put me at 34 years younger and seven inches taller. I dress for comfort and do not give a damn what anyone says. Age is a state of mind." This quiz was successful not because it was accurate, but because it allowed these ladies to do a very important job -- the humblebrag. Now, we can even apply this framework to recipes and food. A recipe's normal job is to tell you what to make for dinner or for lunch. And this is how you would normally brainstorm for a recipe: you figure out what ingredients you want to use, what recipe that makes, and then maybe you slap a job on at the end to sell it. But what if we flipped it around and thought about the job first? One brainstorming session involved the job of bonding. So, could we make a recipe that brought people together? This is not a normal brainstorming process at a food publisher. So we know that people like to bake together, and we know that people like to do challenges together, so we decided to come up with a recipe that involved those two things, and we challenged ourselves: Could we get people to say, "Hey, BFF, let's see if we can do this together"? The resulting video was the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video. It was enormously successful in every metric possible -- 70 million views. And people said the exact things that we were going after: "Hey, Colette, we need to make these, are you up for a challenge?" "Game on." It did the job that it set out to do, which was to bring people together over baking and chocolate. I'm really excited about the potential for this project. When we talk about this framework with our content creators, they instantly get it, no matter what beat they cover, what country they’re in, or what language they speak. So cultural cartography has helped us massively scale our workforce training. When we talk about this project and this framework with advertisers and brands, they also instantly get it, because advertisers, more often than media companies, understand how important it is to understand the job that their products are doing for customers. But the reason I'm the most excited about this project is because it changes the relationship between media and data. Most media companies think of media as "mine." How many fans do I have? How many followers have I gained? How many views have I gotten? How many unique IDs do I have in my data warehouse? But that misses the true value of data, which is that it's yours. If we can capture in data what really matters to you, and if we can understand more the role that our work plays in your actual life, the better content we can create for you, and the better that we can reach you. Who are you? How did you get there? Where are you going? What do you care about? What can you teach us? That's cultural cartography. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @bricelontchi9799 [1 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:12 🐐 BuzzFeed livestreamed a prank with goats in Ze Frank's office, anticipating a small internal audience but ended up with 90,000 viewers.
00:44 🤔 The video's success was attributed to viewers' shared excitement and community participation.
01:16 🤹 The team's hypothesis focused on viewer engagement rather than the video's content or subject.
02:16 🍉 A similar successful event involved exploding a watermelon, garnering 800,000 viewers.
03:15 🗂️ BuzzFeed launched "cultural cartography" to categorize content based on its purpose for viewers instead of mere metadata.
05:17 🌐 Media is increasingly a tool for personal expression and connection on social platforms.
05:46 😄 Lists like “32 Memes You Should Send Your Sister Immediately” go viral because they fulfill multiple viewer needs, like laughter and connection.
06:44 🎯 Viral success was also seen with a quiz offering inaccurate personal results, appealing for its surprise and identity play.
07:12 👭 Content that facilitates bonding, like baking challenges, achieves high engagement, evidenced by the success of the "Fudgiest Brownies Ever" video.
08:49 🌍 Cultural cartography helps BuzzFeed's creators and advertisers understand content's role and maximize engagement.
09:53 🔍 The project aims to use data for creating meaningful content that captures the actual needs and experiences of its audience.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @dhananjaywriterpoet: Weird and expensive adventures go viral easily because everyone wants to do it but they can't, so they watch someone else do it, That's it
  3. @kiomars_trades: Interesting, it affected my perspective
  4. @KristianMarkov-d3m: This is gold! I'm using your format for my next video.
  5. @NorbertGórski-x1j: If they can make a sponge famous, I can work with anything. This video gave me delusional confidence — and I love it. 🧽🚀
  6. @TaraSaAustralia: ❤❤❤❤
  7. @paularicci3193: Ted has really gone downhill. Not everyone should be doing presentations!
  8. @ViralclipAI: Your content is incredible—truly inspiring! 🎥

What if you could:-

✨ Predict which moments in your videos could go viral?

📈 Stay ahead of trends with real-time hashtag and audio insights?

🎥 Save hours by turning your videos into platform-perfect clips instantly?

I’m building ViralClip AI, an AI tool that does exactly this! I’d love to offer you exclusive free early access so you can test it out before anyone else.

Let me know if you’re in—I can’t wait to hear your thoughts! 🚀

Best,
Sameer
  9. @ducatinya: This video did not go viral…
  10. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you
  11. @URUPMedia: It's work on Youtube Creator too... Awesome! Thanks BuzzFeed & Nguyen!
  12. @uriel-147: Incredible!
  13. @andreashandani.innerwork: So good. Thank you so much.
  14. @emanuelgermangomez2357: Excelent
  15. @Nic-tg2ei: Exactly as disappointing as a buzzfeed post.
  16. @ygsmgentertainment6593: BUY MY MUSIC!
  17. @gingerglaze: FW
  18. @boyalone9028: March 25 2015
  19. @isaaccastro4846: That was actually amazing
  20. @ridiprabhamaladhora: Finally i have learn something new

- How algorithms shape what you see on social media: Kind: captions Language: en BUT VERY FEW OF US UNDERSTAND HOW PRECISE AND HOW POWERFUL THESE ALGORITHMS CAN BE. FROM PUPPIES TO NEW DANCES TO MEMES, AMERICANS AVERAGE MORE THAN TWO HOURS A DAY SCROLLING CONTENT. FED TO US THROUGH ALGORITHMS BASED ON OUR SPECIFIC INTERESTS AND PAST ONLINE ACTIVITY. BUT A GROWING CHORUS OF CRITICS WARNS THAT ALGORITHMS CAN LEAD US TO DISTURBING PLACES AND INTO MAKING BAD CHOICES. >> THESE ALGORITHMS, THEY ARE THE DIGITAL EQUIVALENT OF AR-15s. >> Reporter: SOME PUBLIC FIGURES ARE DEMANDING REGULATION. >> THEY OUGHT TO BE BANNED. IT'S AN ABUSE OF THE PUBLIC FORUM. >> Reporter: THIS TIKTOK USER HIGHLIGHTING SOME OF THAT FASCINATION. >> I DON'T ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT THIS CONTENT. THEN WHY WERE YOU POKING AROUND IN THE COMMENT SECTION? >> A GROCERY STORE LIKE THIS ONE ONLY KNOWS WHAT YOU'RE INTERESTED ONCE YOU'VE BOUGHT SOMETHING, BUT A SOCIAL MEDIA COMPANY KNOWS EVERY TIME YOU PAUSE, EVEN FOR A MOMENT, TO LOOK AT ANYTHING. AND IT CONSTANTLY RE-ORGANIZES THE STORE TO BE MORE ATTRACTIVE TO YOU. AND THAT'S WHY ALGORITHMS EARN COMPANIES BILLIONS EACH YEAR. BUT THEY CAN ALSO LEAD US ASTRAY. IN JUST THREE CLICKS, I CAN GO FROM DATE NIGHT IDEAS TO MIND CONTROL SEDUCTION. CHINA HAS CENSORED SOCIAL MEDIA FOR YEARS, AND THE EU RECENTLY PASSED YEARS GUARANTEEING PEOPLE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF ALGORITHMS. BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE HERE HAVE TAKEN UP THE QUESTION OF REGULATION, BUT NO NEW LARGES HAVE EMERGED. WHY IS THE U.S. SO FAR BEHIND? >> IT JUST BECOMES A DEFINITION ISSUE, SO WHAT PEOPLE SAY, OH, WE DISAGREE ON THE SPECIFICS, THE REGULATION, WE DON'T WANT IT TO BE OVERBROAD, BUT IN REALITY, PEOPLE ARE AFRAID OF CROSSING POWERFUL INTEREST GROUPS, BUSINESS GROUPS, TECHNOLOGY LOBBYISTS. >> THAT LEAVES US TO FIGURE IT OUT OURSELVES. NOW, YOU CAN LIMIT YOUR EXPOSURE BY TURNING OFF THE ALGORITHM ON FACEBOOK AND INSTAGRAM. ON YOUTUBE, YOU CAN TURN OFF AUTO PLAY AND SIGN OUT, WHICH LIMITS ITS ABILITY TO TRACK YOU. AND TIKTOK, WELL, YOU CAN RESET THE ALGORITHM IF YOU DON'T LIKE WHAT IT FEEDS YOU. >> I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO RECOGNIZE THAT, YES, WE HAVE SOME AGENCY, BUT ALSO THAT THESE SYSTEMS ARE CONSTANTLY MAKING DECISIONS. >> Reporter: UNTIL SOME NATIONAL STANDARDS EMERGE, IT IS YOU AGAINST THE ALGORITHM. >> NOW, THE THING TO UNDERSTAND, YOU GUYS, IS THAT THIS IS FUNDAMENTALLY, A BUSINESS, AND IT'S A BUSINESS OF ATTENTION. THE MORE THAT YOU LINGER, EVEN FOR A MOMENT, ON SOMETHING EMOTIONALLY HEIGHTENED OR OFFENSIVE, THE MORE YOU'LL GET THAT EMOTIONAL AND OFFENSIVE IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THAT AND TRY TO PULL BACK FROM IT WHERE YOU CAN. WE HAVE SOME CONTROL HERE, BUT IT REALLY HAS EVERYTHING TO DO ABOUT HOW YOU ADVERTISE YOURSELF, SHOW YOURSELF. >> THAT IS SO FASCINATING TO ME. IT FOLLOWS YOUR THOUGHTS. YOU CAN'T LIE TO IT, BECAUSE IT SEES WHERE YOU LINGER. WHERE IS THIS ALL GOING? TALK ABOUT 2024 AND BEYOND. >> YOU SAY, FOLLOW YOUR THOUGHTS. THAT SOUNDS LIKE A LOT, BUT IT IS REALLY WHERE IT'S GOING. BACK IN 2015, MARK ZUCKERBERG FAMOUSLY TALKED ABOUT WANTING TO FIGURE OUT THE MATH OF HUMANS AND THEIR RELATIONSHIPS. AND THAT IS WHAT EVERYBODY IS TRYING TO DO. AND NOW, AS WE'RE GETTING INTO THESE PROCESSORS THAT ARE PUT UP RIGHT AGAINST YOUR SKIN IN SOMETHING LIKE A WATCH OR META HAS THESE RAY-BAN SUNGLASSES THEY'RE TRYING TO GET, APPLE IS WORKING ON THIS VISION PRO HEADSET. THAT'S GETTING UP CLOSE TO JUNIORYOUR SKIN, THEY'RE MONITORING WHERE YOUR EYES ARE GOING, YOUR HEART RATHE, THE ANALYSIS WILL ON THE GET DEEPER AND DEEPER. >> ONE OF THE THINGS I FIND MOST TROUBLING ABOUT IT IS, IN MANY COUNTRIES, YOU CAN OPT OUT OF THIS STUFF. >> YES, BECAUSE IN THE UNITED STATES, WE'VE TALKED IN THE PAST VERY MUCH ABOUT HOW WE SHOULD NOT REGULATE THIS, BECAUSE CHINA WILL GET IN FRONT OF US. CHINA IS ACTUALLY REGULATING THE HECK OUT OF THIS RIGHT NOW. YOU KNOW, IN THE EU, YOU CAN SAY, OPT ME OUT OF YOUR HERE IN THE UNITED STATES, IT'S

  Top Comments:
  1. @ManChan-w5p [18 likes]: Algorithms lead me to this story.
  2. @EntropicDismay [9 likes]: 1:56 I’ve attempted to turn off auto-play a dozen times, but it keeps automatically turning back on after a few days.

Also, it’s impossible to get rid of Shorts.
  3. @staceyshere [4 likes]: America’s a business. Regulating social media and the algorithms interferes with the business and that’s why we’re behind 💁🏾‍♀️
  4. @JanetMarcum-o7r [2 likes]: You can control your algorithm. I do. I slip sometimes. Maybe once a month or less. TV taught me to pick carefully what I watch. Sometimes I go to the comment section to check out the community. If they’re not my people, I move on. It can take a little while to get your algorithm back on track.
  5. @irememberla6460 [2 likes]: Big brother is watching
  6. @af31ns [2 likes]: If YouTube makes recommendations that I'm interested in, I'll check the videos out, but if I'm not liking the content or recommendations, I'll look for content on my favorite subscribed channels.  After that, I'll move on to other forms of media pretty quickly if the recommendations are not serving my interests.  There's no way I'm going down a rabbit hole in just 3 clicks.
  7. @jetovercast [1 likes]: Dude just put the phone down and breathe in air it’s not that serious 😂. Or just create different emails and organize them by interest you will only see what you search on that specific email and web browser
  8. @berbudy [1 likes]: 1:09 idk but this is comedy
  9. @doublebanana-de3dt [1 likes]: Excellent explainer!
  10. @richoneplanet7561 [1 likes]: 2:24 it really seems that way - it's kind of weird 😕
  11. @myrnamargate1871: 🇺🇸Want Freedom Online!!!BAN!!!🇺🇸
  12. @gabrielachilles: One of myy college professors led me here.
  13. @TheaverageQueerpersons: Hopefully it was what we looked for. Edit: it's not it
  14. @TheaverageQueerpersons: It's not about our specific interests. It's about messing with our specific interests, twisting them, leading to something that erodes our own individuality
  15. @NatureLady2018: Bravo! Time is the most valuable resource for sure. Thank You!
  16. @jarcohen123: I’m getting ton of scary video on YouTube shorts and other video cause I watched a few of those type of content just dandy

- How TikTok's Algorithm Figures You Out | WSJ: Kind: captions Language: en - Okay, has anyone else noticed that your For You page has been a little too accurate lately? It hasn't been things that I'll google or I talk about. It's been thoughts. - TikTok knows everything about us. ♪ Hold up, don't scroll ♪ ♪ Lemme ask you something first ♪ ♪ Can someone please explain ♪ ♪ How this algorithm works ♪ - [Narrator] TikTok users often wonder how the world's fastest-growing social network seems to know them so well. - Is TikTok secretly listening to us while we're watching videos? I don't know. (upbeat music) - [Narrator] The answer to how this app gets to know you so intimately is a highly secretive algorithm, long guarded by TikTok's China-based parent company, ByteDance. - TikTok has been so successful in terms of implementing their algorithms. - TikTok's algorithm could influence the thinking of US youth. - [Narrator] To understand how it knows users so well, The Wall Street Journal created over 100 automated TikTok accounts or bots that watched hundreds of thousands of videos on the app. We also spoke to current and former executives at the company. Officially, the company says that shares, likes, follows and what you watch all play a role in what TikTok shows you. We found that TikTok only needs one of these to figure you out. How long you linger over a piece of content. Every second you hesitate or rewatch, the app is tracking you. - I just wanna quiet the noise. - [Narrator] Through this one powerful signal, TikTok learns your most hidden interests and emotions. And drives you deep into rabbit holes of content that are hard to escape. (noise of voices) ♪ I'm happy, happy guy ♪ ♪ Oh, just a happy, happy, happy ♪ - [Narrator] The TikTok experience starts the same way for everyone. Open the app and you'll immediately see an endless string of videos in your For You feed. Take this new user, a 24-year-old from Henry County, Kentucky. (jumbled music plays) TikTok starts by serving the account a selection of very popular videos vetted by app moderators. Is this person religious? - Because I still have a purpose. And you still hold a plan for my life. - [Narrator] Do they wanna participate in viral dances. ♪ Hey, hey, who ♪ - [Narrator] Are they feeling down lately? - [Narrator] Just remember, I loved you once. And that love goes for a friend, family, or any relationship. - [Narrator] What TikTok doesn't know is that the 24-year-old from Kentucky isn't a person at all. It's one of the bot accounts programmed by The Wall Street Journal. Let's call it kentucky_96. We set up these accounts to understand how TikTok figures out your unexpressed interests. We assigned each bot a date of birth and an IP address, which told TikTok their location. None were given a gender. We gave each bot or user interests but those interests were never entered into the app. The only way our users expressed their interests was by rewatching or pausing on videos with related hashtags or images. Some were into extreme sports. Others were interested in forestry. Or dance. Or astrology. - I'm not the babysitter, I'm not the parent. - [Narrator] Or some other topic. - [TikToker] Keep scrolling if you hate animals. - [Narrator] For all our accounts, we found that TikTok draws users in at first by serving a wide variety of videos. Many with millions of views. Then as the algorithm sees what you respond to, the selection of videos and the view counts can get lower and lower with fewer of them vetted by moderators to see if they violate TikTok's terms of service. We reviewed our experiment and its results with a data scientist, an algorithm expert, Guillaume Chaslot, a former Google engineer who worked on YouTube's algorithm. He's now an advocate for algorithm transparency. The says TikTok is different from other social media platforms. - The algorithm on TikTok can get much more powerful and it can be able to learn your vulnerabilities much faster. - [Narrator] In fact, TikTok fully learned many of our accounts' interests in less than two hours. Some it figured out in less than 40 minutes. - [Guillaume] On YouTube, more than 70% of the views come from the recommendation engine. So it's already huge. But on TikTok, it's even worse. It's probably like 90-95% of the content that is seen that comes from the recommendation engine. (dramatic music) - [Narrator] This is a visualization made from hashtags attached to the videos our bots watched. Think of it as a partial view of the universe of TikTok content. Here's where we found dance videos, over here are the cooking videos. The spindly arm stretching out of the center represent niche content areas. This arm starts with general videos of cute animals but if we follow it out to the end, we find more specific videos for enthusiast of French bulldogs. As kentucky_96 starts its journey, it starts moving around within the mainstream where TikTok is trying to puzzle out what it wants. We programmed kentucky_96 to be interested in sadness and depression. Let's see how long it takes TikTok to figure that out. - [TikToker] Life doesn't happen to you, life happens for you. So if life is taking people away from your life, and putting new ones in. - [Narrator] Less than three minutes into using TikTok, at its 15th video, kentucky_96 pauses on this. - [TikToker] And that love goes for a friend, family or any relationship. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 watches the 35-second video twice. Here TikTok gets its first inkling that perhaps the new user is feeling down lately. - [TikToker] Whoever comes, let them come. Whoever stays, let them stay. Whoever goes, let them go. - [Narrator] The information contained in this single video provided the app with important clues. The author of the video, the audio track, the video description, the hashtags. After kentucky_96's first sad video, TikTok serves another one 23 videos later. Or after about four more minutes of watching. - [TikToker] I'll leave you alone from now on if that's what you want. - [Narrator] This one is a breakup video with the hashtag #sad. - [TikToker] Do you why I leave you alone? 'Cause I care about your feelings more than mine. - [Narrator] TikTok's still trying to suss out this new user with more high view count videos. Does the new user wanna watch videos about friendship? (playful music) Or to laugh at funny fail videos? ♪ Oh no, oh no, no, no, no, no ♪ - [TikToker] Nobody's gonna know. - [TikToker] They're gonna know. - [Narrator] Or do they like videos about home repairs? Other information from your phone, including location can impact the videos that are shown in a user's feed. - And as a Kentuckian, I never thought I'd lose my freedom over a virus. - [Narrator] For instance, kentucky_96 saw lots about Kentucky but whether or not it keeps showing you that type of video depends on your response to it. A TikTok spokeswoman said the app does not listen to your microphone or read text messages to serve you personalized videos. (pensive music) At video 57, kentucky_96 keeps watching a video about heartbreak and hurt feelings. And then at video 60, watches one about emotional pain. Based on the videos we watched so far, TikTok thinks that maybe this user wants to see more about love, breakups and dating. So at about 80 videos and 15 minutes in, the app starts serving more about relationships. But kentucky_96 isn't interested. - [TikToker] Your voice, your smile, your eyes, your laugh. - [Narrator] The user instead pauses on one about mental health. Then quickly swipes past videos about missing an ex. - [TikToker] I miss you and I like having you around. - [Narrator] Advice about moving on and how to hold a lover's interest. - [TikToker] He spends more time on his phone when he's around you. - [Narrator] Kentucky_96 lingers over this video containing the hashtag #depression. - [TikToker] Something's wrong with me. (sad music) And these videos about suffering from anxiety. - [TikToker] It's like a reward. - [Narrator] After 224 videos into the bot's overall journey or about 36 minutes of total watch time, TikTok's understanding of kentucky_96 takes shape. Videos about depression and mental health struggles outnumber those about relationships and breakups. From here on, kentucky_96's feed is a deluge of depressive content. 93% of videos shown to the account are about sadness or depression. - People been lookin' at me. I'm just like what you looking at? - [Narrator] A TikTok spokeswoman said that some of the remaining 7% of videos are to help the user discover different content. But for kentucky_96, such videos were few and far between. The majority of videos it was shown outside of its depressive rabbit hole were ads. A TikTok spokeswoman said that the simulated activity generated by The Wall Street Journal's bots is not representative of real user behavior because humans have a diverse set of interests. But even some of our accounts with diverse interests rabbit holed. We showed our data and many of the videos seen by kentucky_96 to Chaslot. - What we see on TikTok is a bit the same that what we saw on YouTube. So basically, the algorithm is detecting that this depressing content is useful to create engagement and pushes depressing content. So the algorithm is pushing people towards more and more extreme content, so it can push them toward more and more watch time. - [Narrator] TikTok also says it allows you to see less of something by selecting the Not Interested button but Chaslot says that's not enough. - The algorithm is able to find the piece of content that you're vulnerable to, that will make you click, that will make you watch but it doesn't mean you really like it and that it's the content that you enjoy the most. It's just the content that's the most likely to make you stay on the platform. - [Narrator] Our bots only escaped rabbit holes when we changed their viewing interests. When we told one bot to stop watching videos about ADHD, the algorithm cut back on that content. Still, many of The Journal's bots were rapidly pushed deep into rabbit holes. TikTok learned our bots' most far-flung interests, like astrology, but even bots with general mainstream interests got pushed to the margin as the recommendations got more personalized and narrow. Bots with a interest in sexual content wound up way out here watching hashtag #kingtok videos about sexual power dynamics. And our bot with a general interest in politics wound up being served videos about election conspiracies and QAnon. - Impeach Biden and Kamala. It goes from the House to the Senate. - [Narrator] Deep in the niche worlds of TikTok, users are more likely to encounter potentiality harmful content that is less vetted by moderators and violates the app's terms of service. - [TikToker] Make them angry and sad. They would be so much happier without you. that the company catches a lot of banned content, which passes through both computer analysis and human moderators. It also reviews videos reported by users. - [TikToker] Don't tell them goodbye, just go. - [TikToker] It's not my time. Pew. (TikToker laughing) - [Narrator] There's a lot of fun, silly and life-affirming content on TikTok. (TikToker screaming) But while TikTok can draw out what makes you laugh. (TikToker humming) It can also make you wallow in your darkest box. - Turning the pain from mental to physical works. - [Narrator] Without ever needing to eavesdrop on you or collect any personal information about you. - I've never attempted suicide or anything. I've never let it get that far. - Whether it's on TikTok, on Facebook, on YouTube, we're interacting with algorithms in our everyday life more and more. We are training them and they're training us. So we have to study this so we understand it better and we don't let it go in directions that are harmful to society or to certain groups of people.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sagassvensson [9 likes]: Delete the app and you will instantly feel better.
  2. @khiemvu2672 [3 likes]: Tik Tok just drains your energy with low quality contents. And there are all of things that Tik Tok can foster,  guys.
  3. @TheDictator-b4h [1 likes]: This aged well
  4. @kyla8295 [1 likes]: So dangerous for people who struggle with mental health. Sad to see. I wish there was legislation keeping up with technology.
  5. @euanduthie2333 [1 likes]: Meanwhile. the WSJ serves up a recommended video at the end of this one, talking about their owner's hobby of going to space.
  6. @johnroney2191: the chinese tiktok developers knows its a bot due to the frquency of your finger scrolling up and down. 
a bot will have uniform scrolling patterns on deeper level, not a human
  7. @higherquality: can I CHOOSE what I want to watch?
  8. @AvokadoDj: Si me ví el vídeo 😃
  9. @ZugIslandYachtClub: If it's free, YOU are the product.
Think about that. These social media companies don't charge it's users anything. Yet somehow they're worth billions. Hmmm?
They're worth so much because they sell you. You are their product.

WSJ: Thanks for this video. Especially for the experiment & research described. 
Perhaps you could expand on this line of inquiry: let's see if these apps are actually reading user's private data; contacts, text messages, gallery, email, etc.
To do this you could populate your bots devices with content restricted to a narrow topic. Say, a messy breakup, auto repair, fruit trees, etc...you get the idea.
Then roll the experiment with some virgin bots. Have these bots engage the same content. And then see if there is any difference in what Tic Toc feeds these users.
  10. @joshs3916: So glad I never used/downloaded this app
  11. @texwatter: Hi 👋🏽
  12. @texwatter: Comment
  13. @Worldaffairslover: If you’re complaining about this, then just throw away all technology
  14. @daijiazhang8483: Too many ads :(
  15. @JayAymi: I think its kind of funny how the US gets all hot and bothered when China does the same exact thing that you all have been doing for years with Meta. Get it together.
  16. @fangliu1369: 质量非常高的研究 谢谢
  17. @windiedchannel: Let me edit your video to my video. I want to cut
  18. @f3rn4n2x3str3ll4: Since you were advocating for introspection, consider this:
Every post in social media can be seen as a response to the question “how to be happy?”.
Example: Your friend posts a travel picture. They just say something about what they experienced, in the caption, like: “I spent the whole night up and didn’t feel tired!”. But they were implicitly saying: “I was feeling like my daily routine was narrowing my view of the world and life, so I aimed to expand it with travel. When I traveled, I did all these things and this is how well it served my intended purpose”. Since no one is requesting your friend to be explicit about those 3 components (the problem/goal, the method they used to achieve that goal, and how well it worked) your friend doesn’t explain them explicitly. But everyone should be explicit about them. 
Why?
Because it would help someone else. If someone else had the same goal as you, they could see what worked for you, and if you evaluate that method very positively, they would compare your rating to the rating they give to the method they were trying so far or considering, and may try your method instead. Yes, maybe a “10/10” rating is subjective for everyone, but it would still give some sense of ”objective” measure of effectiveness.
So, everyone can say the components  explicitly, or social media could request you to fill in those 3 components for every post you make, so it’s easier for the software to find all posts that are describing how to reach a given goal, all the methods tried to achieve that goal, and all the ratings.
Now, social media could be designed with those components as the basis of the design. You could just login and search for a goal or create one if yours doesn’t exist, see the methods that exist to achieve that goal, which ones have been tried by people, and how people have evaluated every attempt. They could add nuance or extra details to their numeric review with an extra text field.
I was thinking of what would be the fastest way to implement such a social media nowadays, and my current conclusion is that it can be in a Discord server: each channel can be a goal, each post in a channel is a method, and each reply to a post is a review of someone’s attempt to use that method to reach that goal. Everyone can quickly find methods to try and they can leave their reviews after giving an honest attempt. If the nature of some attempt really requires a person to update their evaluation or append to it, it would be best that they update the same review instead of creating new ones that are harder to link together. What they can do is start a review, grab a link to the reply they just made, and save it as a bookmark so they can come back to it later. I created such a Discord server but haven’t shared it with anyone yet. No reason for it, just doing something else.
More broadly, this system leverages the core of what looking for truth is: if you really want to reach your goal, you want to know what the TRUE method to reach your goal is. Why? Because reality works a certain way. I’m not implying it is a limited way. It just works in some way. You want to operate in the way reality actually works. 
So, when using this system, users are not distracted by prejudices they may have regarding where a method came from. Even though someone may suggest a method that was originally from a tradition, philosophy, body of work, experiment, culture, religion, etc., the method is simply presented as the essence what it is: a standalone method to reach the goal you chose to reach, instead of one part of many others that you must ascribe by to reach the goal someone else tells you you should reach. That is, the prejudice may come from the fact that someone is offering you more than what you need, e.g. “join my culture, do all these things, and then you will get this goal” so you wonder "do I need all that?", and from the fact that someone is offering you to reach a goal that you haven’t chosen yourself that you want to reach, e.g. if someone offers you a method to feel the whole universe as part of you, you may not be sure if you want it when all you want right now is not to feel angry with someone.
What do you think?
  19. @Jess-h2h4w: Thanks WSJ for spreading awareness.
However, can you make a video explaining what an algorithm is? Because many users don't seem to understand how algorithms work.
Thanks
  20. @johanneszwilling: There must be thing in psychology that captures this popular notion of implying malice to the other party, while totally disregarding personal decision making and accountability.

So the algorithm gives you,....what you want. In a way it becomes a mirror of yourself. What possibly else is it supposed to do, …successfully?

Even if it'd magically could give you what you want (your decisions) or need (who decides that if not you), without you wanting to tell it about yourself (privacy), you'd then still find a way to be unhappy about it. 

You're too self-aware and expecting to possibly ever outsource this successfully to a thing or a deity (whilst insisting on specific outcomes).

“Take me for a ride,...I do not wanna pay attention and I will be mad if I don't end up in a place that I kinda like to get to still, but I didn’t tell you about it or did anything in my own capacity.”

It makes sense if you assume people do this to save energy, but still wanna get to places: Lower your guard, be influenced and get mad, once you realise, this ain’t what you want. 

Even IF your assessment is being challenged by counter proposals (a factually malicious algorithm),…yeah, so what, such is life, always has been. You're an equal participant in making the decision to dismiss and push back. It’s a proposal, …where is yours?

Maybe algorithms are the new religion,...outsource that soul-crushing accountability of making consequential decisions and seeing them through.

...worship, worship, vilify, vilify.

You’ve been challenged! You are better and much more capable than this!


You wanna talk and experience something truly, TRULY addictive!!?? 
Self-efficacy/Agency!


(…and for teens there are parents)

- How to get the video ideas the algorithm is looking for: Kind: captions Language: en Look, this was my previous channel's view graph, and right here is the last video I've posted to YouTube that hasn't reached 100,000 views. 2 weeks later, I posted this video, now [music] almost at a million views. But it wasn't a lucky accident. Even my first videos on a brand new channel got tens of thousands [music] of views in just a few weeks. So, how did I go from making videos getting just a few hundred views to making videos getting hundreds [music] of thousands of views in only 2 weeks? Well, what do you think? What's the difference between these two videos? [music] Here's a hint. A secret seed is a special code that changes how the game normally works. This lets people play with a brand new experience. This video pours over everything to say for one secret seed, and this one offers to find the craziest seeds. So, how many people do you think are interested in just one feature of the game? How many do you think are interested in the craziest, most bizarre, most difficult things that the game offers? This right here is what I like to call a popular area of interest. Likewise, this is an unpopular area of interest. So, here's the deal. I would need to make well over a,000 videos for that unpopular area of interest to be able to match the views I got with one video in the popular area of interest. So, I really can't put into words how worth it was to spend these 5 days researching and brainstorming. I know it sounds like a while, but hitting the bullseye of a popular area of interest is extremely difficult. However, my process is yet to fail me. So, I want to share it with you today. In part one, we'll find the popular area of interest of your audience. In part two, I'll walk you through getting so creative that you get more video ideas than you could possibly make videos on. And then in part three, we'll go over my checklist that identifies which ideas are worth making. Part one, finding what your audience wants to see. It's a simple process. We'll create a list of the videos that your audience has shown the most interest in and then look for patterns which reveal what sorts of things your audience is looking for. I'll be using this tool called video to automate this, but I'll show you how to do it manually as well. First, let's find the videos YouTube says your current audience is watching. In the YouTube studio, go to analytics and then audience. [music] If you scroll down a bit, you'll see these two panels. The videos your audience watches and the channels they watch. Now, I'm going to link the channels and also the ones here uploading the videos into Vimeo, which will automatically find all the videos. But if you're following along manually, then don't worry. You don't need to find every single video. We only need each channel's top 15 or so most viewed videos in your list. [music] Anyway, now we have a list of the videos your current audience is watching. But I'm guessing your current audience is kind of small, so we want to get your potential audience as well. Start by considering any other channels you know of that your audience might like. And you can also just open up some of the videos in your list and add any relevant channels that appear in the suggested column. Now, spend at least an hour building up this list because the best results come when you have pretty much every video your target audience watches in one place. Obviously, there's not a single viewer who's watched all of these, or hopefully not, but most of the top viewed videos have been watched by a decent chunk of your target audience. Therefore, these videos reveal your audience's criteria for a great video idea. Sort the videos out by most viewed and look for patterns. First, note down any reoccurring topics you find here. But let's go deeper than just topics. Let's find out exactly why they've shown the most interest in these videos. You can see my audience loves learning the strategies behind how the best creators are growing. The top 12 videos are exactly that. So, I know that's a great format to explore with future ideas. And there's actually way too many of these case study videos here, so I'm going to temporarily hide the channels making them. Now, almost all of the other videos are either suggesting some method to quickly get results or it's about how to improve your video editing. So, I'll make a note to brainstorm ideas in that direction. And there's a whole lot more to study with this as well. What painoints, goals, and subjects get the most views? Does a positive or negative approach work better? What words seem to demand attention? [music] What concepts do they enjoy the most? For example, on my gaming channel, I found the concept of playing the game with a twist on it had the most interest. Chaotic looking thumbnails got a lot of attention, too. Videos based on questions did great as well. I know it sounds like I'm just rapid fire listing off all of these, but remember, I spent days researching all of this. You're going to get stuck at first, and that's okay. Just remember how crazy a good video idea is. On screen right now is all the stuff that you need to study. I recommend writing it all down to make kind of a research checklist because in just a moment we're going to need all of this stuff for our brainstorming. So part two or step two, I don't know, getting a ton of ideas. So there's two strategies that I've been doing to get my ideas. The strategy that's given me the most views is what gave me the idea for this video on my gaming channel and these two title ideas on the education channel. But actually, most of my ideas come from this first strategy, just being more creative. Let me explain. Even a brand new idea is always made from stuff that came before it. No one 3,000 years ago could have been creative enough to invent the printing press. We' only just started making paper. But once all the components were around, it just took someone who knew a lot about them to be able to combine them. So, just as Gutenberg knew all the components of his invention very well, we must know the components of possible video ideas very well. Those components are the concepts your audience loves, the subjects they're interested in, their pain points, wants, and needs. Research everything possibly related to each of these. Go down every rabbit hole and search for new stuff that hasn't been seen before. Fundamentally, your ideas are simply unique combinations of different information. So, the more knowledge you have and the more diverse the knowledge is, the more unique ideas you get. Now, I'm going to give you some homework. This is what I've been doing to be more creative, and you should do it, too. Get a notebook to write down all your research notes in. Then every single day, quickly review your notes. Therefore, you'll remember all this stuff and find yourself thinking about it throughout the day. We haven't actually gotten to the brainstorming yet, but still at this point, if you spend some time during the day without any distractions and just let your mind wander freely, you'll start to get a few ideas. But we want a lot of ideas and we want them now. So, what's the best way to brainstorm? Well, first of all, you can't force yourself to be creative. You have to let yourself be creative. So don't sit down and try to think about what you've researched. Just let the thoughts come to you. And science shows being half asleep is the sweet spot for creativity. So genuinely, the best thing you can do is as follows. Set an alarm for a little bit earlier in the morning than usual. Then when you wake up, hit snooze and spend like 2 minutes skimming through your notes. [music] Then go back to sleep. Then each time the alarm goes off, hit snooze again. All right. The second strategy is to use concepts that other channels got a lot of views doing, but then change the subject matter to what your audience is interested in. Now, a lot of people make a big mistake with this strategy. So, I need you to pay close attention. So, the idea of it is that you look for inspiration outside your niche so that you can do something that your audience hasn't seen a 100 times before. And then you'll find videos that got way more views than the average views of the channel that uploaded it. This will be called an outlier video with an outlier score based on its performance. The mistake people make is when they find an outlier video, they assume the concept is guaranteed to work for their audience, too. It isn't. Take this example. I make videos for YouTubers looking for how to improve their videos. So, I need a video idea and I just found these four outlier videos. Which concept should I use? blank explained, blank stereotypes, 21 blank lessons for blank, or how to get so blank you blank. Obviously, one of these last two is the right pick. But why? This stereotyped concept is entertaining. This explained concept is interesting, but my audience only cares about content that helps them improve their YouTube videos, and only these two concepts are actually helpful. But all right, let's start the process. Now, I used to do this with Vid IQ's free Chrome extension because you can go on YouTube and see the outlier score next to each video, but that was a lot of scrolling and there was that issue with the incompatible concepts. So, recently I've been using Vimeo because you can pretty much completely rule out that incompatible concept problem and it's also much faster. So, first find the phrases that your target audience is interested in. Do you remember how in part one we found the types of things your audience watches the most? For me, it was quickly get results or it's about how to improve your video editing. Using chat GPT, let's find some phrases that match those desires. This is the prompt that I've been using. And you can see the results are exactly the concepts my audience loves. Now, on video, search each of these and then set the filters to only show videos with high views and outlier scores. Next, take each good concept you see and save it to a video ideas folder. But before you save it, I like to add a note with how you might use the concept. Then also select the specific parts of the concept that you like. Now I also have been saving the channels to a list because look at this. I can open up a list of videos from specifically channels making education content to help people reach their goals. Although the goals and subjects are different, the concepts working for them will work for me too. Here I can sort by outlier score and then see the best concepts that my type of audience likes. So like you're my audience. So you tell me, would you click on this? How to increase retention, evidence-based editing tips, or get the perfect thumbnail with this simple hack. Now, I've only shown you a couple of the ways that Vio helps you get video ideas. If you want to see some more ways it can help you out, then I put a [music] link in the description. It's $25 a month, and if you use my code, then you get access to an hour-ong video I made just for my viewers. I'll break down how the algorithm works and what you actually need to do to get views on YouTube. Part three or step three, I don't know, checklist. The last thing here is the most important, but this first one is actually the thing that rules out most of my ideas. And it's easy, too, is to get a fresh perspective on your video idea. You see, the past year I've had this channel, I've written down every single idea I've got. Now, these ideas, at the time of writing them, I thought I was a genius. But after a couple days, how many of them do you think I still felt so good about? Half of them? A third of them? Not less than a quarter of them I still felt good about? Now, the next test is to make sure that no one's beat you to it with this idea. Because if your audience has already seen the exact same thing before, they can't help but assume you have nothing new to offer. So, copy your wouldbe title into the YouTube search along with a few variations and then check if the video has been made or not. If it has, then don't worry. Most videos have a click-through rate under 10%, so there's plenty of new people to watch a video on that specific thing. If you can just make an improvement on the title or thumbnail or put a twist on the idea, then you're good. The third and second to last test is to make certain the idea is the best option you have. You see, if you make a video on just any good idea you get, you'll waste your time. Love him or hate him, Mr. Beast was right when he said, "Most YouTubers watching this, you can pull triple the views with half the work if you just have better ideas." So, instead of planning to make five videos with a 1 or 2x outlier score, take the extra time on your ideation phase to find those ideas that give you at least a 5 to 10x outlier score. Raise the bar for what you consider a good idea. If you take only the top 10% of your ideas from this process, you'll be sure to get your breakthrough in no time. Time for the next test, which is to subscribe to the channel. No, I'm kidding. It's actually The last test is to first make the title and thumbnail before you get to work on anything else. If you were sat face to face with your viewer, telling them why to watch, what would you say? Review their interests, their goals, and pain points. Make sure that there's a solid connection between your audience's motivations to watch content and the value that this video would provide. Your title and thumbnail have the job of making this connection clear. That is making it clear that your video offers exactly what your audience was looking for when they decided to open YouTube. If you can't find a way to make that connection, the idea won't work. Now, making that connection can be really hard. So check out this video here on making a title and thumbnail.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LearnByLeo [43 likes]: Get Velio, the tool used in this video for audience research and getting ideas: https://velio.co/learn-by-leo/?utm_medium=affiliate&utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=learn-by-leo&utm_content=how-to-get-video-ideas-so-good-you-can't-stop-going-viral
With my link, you get a 1-hour video I made explaining what it takes to get views on YouTube

-----  QNA  -----

What if YT Studio doesn't provide data on who is watching?
Think about who you'd like to make videos for. What channels that you know of would they watch? Think about the biggest channels in your niche. You can also join communities that your target audience is a part of and ask which YouTubers they watch.
  2. @bros947 [13 likes]: the problem with the first strategy is that my channel doesnt have enough analytics to do that research
  3. @NathanRiediger [2 likes]: what do you do if you're channel is too small to have data in this section? 2:09
  4. @CorvusChronicles [1 likes]: 2:06 - "In Youtube studio, go to analystics and then Audience"
Alright lets see...
"Not enough eligible audience data to show this report" oh :(
  5. @SuperPowersUniversity [1 likes]: 🔥 Master your seed, aura, and mind with the 5-Bundle:
Sacred Cycle Calendar, Seed Retention Tracker, Prostate & Energy Health Toolkit, Christ Oil Scripture Pack, and Reality Creation Journal — the full system for spiritual discipline and energy mastery. 💪

Knowledge is a SuperPower
become a SuperHero
  6. @Ysimeconsiguieraunlaburo: mira vos, interesante
  7. @Rayzuer: Video is Great, i learned so much that i didn't know!
  8. @HerDeenDiary-v7u: 5:06 what is the last component?
  9. @Adee.8k: Where can I join the discord server?
  10. @hassansyed6087: "You can't force yourself to be creative, You have to let yourself be creative"
Big facts. 

When it's organic, it feels much more "creative"
  11. @HenriqueBevilacquaEng: I have to study you and watch your videos, one a day and try a new thing every video I make, then I will come back here and report back in a year if I become successful 

Thank you bro
  12. @RantingGorilla: is it me or why do you look like dustin from stranger things
  13. @imchoffy: Greatful advice.very insightful
  14. @victoria-r.g682: Hi, I am in the very early stages, basically researching. Are we no longer able to join your discord?
  15. @Sanitiiiii: my audience is so small i dont even get the channels they watch...trying to change that tho
  16. @vetmulgi: The making a list of ideas and then not feeling great about them after 2days is so relatable 😭😩
  17. @Ehaanthegamer: 11:05 1. Too young. 2. Just found you. 3. Only suck in liking you. You also suck in not saying bad words. 4. I don't evsn have discord.
  18. @Nextframe-1: I think it's work for short videos sa well
  19. @FireGaming743: This is just

- TAM
- Studying patterns like: Pains, goals, subjects, positive/negative points, trigger words, concepts etc.
- Outlier analysis
- Novelty/better
- Packageability/feasibility
  20. @IEatBubble: how would you suggest coming up with video ideas for entertainment/irl/challenge type videos?

- Michael Bennett Tells His Story, Then Sings “Stand By My Grave” | AGT Style: Kind: captions Language: en [cheering] >> I I've seen you before, haven't I? Yeah. You probably have. My name is Michael Bennett. Michael Bennett. Why are you here today? I'm here to send a message to my family. They haven't talked to me in 5 years. >> 5 years? Yeah. Why her, Jer? What happened, Michael? >> It feels like it has been 20 years, but I miss them a lot. Mhm. Especially my son. And [clears throat] what caused that distance between you? >> I'm I made a lot of mistakes in the past. I wasn't the father they dreamed of having. So, you regret it all? And you wish that your family would see that you are really trying to change? You could say that. I can see you holding the guitar dearly. >> [laughter] >> Are you going to sing for us about how much you miss your family, Michael? I'm going to sing, yes, to my wife, to my daughter, and especially to my son, if you are watching. I love you all with my heart. And am very sorry. That's great, Michael. I heard some of your songs online and I'm looking forward to hearing your voice on stage live in front of me. Thank you very much. I hope you enjoy. And for every son and daughter watching right now, call your parents while they are still alive. I promise you won't regret it. Good luck to you, Michael. Give it your best. Michael! Michael! >> [cheering] [music] >> Now I'm gone from your day. No more chances to take. You don't have to avoid me. >> [music] >> It's a little too late. I waited for you until my knees gave. You left me to die alone. >> I guess that's fate. GO STAND BY MY GRAVE. >> SAY what you never said. Talk all you want >> to the ground I left. You won't get me [music] back, no matter HOW YOU PRAY. >> ONLY GOD HEARS now what you didn't say. >> You check [music] your old phone like it might still ring, [music] but I won't be there for anything. You'll say [music] [singing] you were busy. You'll say you were [music] fine. But truth stands louder at the end [music] of time. Go stand Go stand by my grave. Say it out loud. >> [screaming and music] >> All the love you held back. Say it now. >> [screaming] >> No reply >> [music and singing] >> coming back. No second try. You [music] had me in life. Then watched it die. >> Go stand by my grave. If it helps you sleep. [music] Only God hears now. What you didn't keep. >> It feels like I'm gone. When I'm still here. >> Like I don't exist. Like I disappeared. [singing and music] It sits in my chest. It won't let go. It gets a little worse. >> Every day slow. It's quiet and loud. >> At the same time like something is wrong and I'm the crime. YOU DIDN'T COME WHEN I was right here waiting for you. You [music] didn't come even once when I needed you to. THERE WAS NO FIGHTING, NO REASON. >> Nothing in the way, just you choosing >> silence and letting me fade. You didn't [music] come and I felt every second of that. >> Like I was nothing to lose, not worth coming back. I STAYED THE [music] SAME, I WAS HERE. I DIDN'T MOVE AT ALL. >> You just slowly decided >> not to come at all. It feels like a [music] weight that won't come off. >> Like I'm not enough. Like I got lost. It stays in my head, it don't give rest. Like I [music] mean nothing, like I'm less. It hurts in a way I [music] can't explain. No one can see, but it stays the same. NO LOUD GOODBYE, >> NO FINAL WORD, just being ERASED WITHOUT A SOUND HEARD. IT LEAVES A MARK >> THAT won't heal right. It follows me every night. >> You didn't come when was right [music] here waiting for you. You didn't come even once [music] when I needed you to. There was no distance, [music] no walls, nothing in your way. You just let me disappear more with every [music] day. You didn't come and I felt >> every second pass like I [music] was something you had and just chose not to have. I stayed the same. I WAS HERE. I DIDN'T move at all. >> You just slowly decided >> Oh! Oh!

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomasdietrich6699 [2 likes]: Fantastisch Lied einfach mega 🤗🥰🥰
  2. @MuhammadzIaulhaque [1 likes]: Hay man Peace be with you
  3. @emmyxander-h9v [1 likes]: Im so touch hearing the songs..its reminds me of my late father...😢each lyrics represents my dads feeling when we far apart from him and mom..😢😢😢😢
#ripdaddy😢😢
  4. @JasonReyes-t3p [1 likes]: Damn I’m going through this right now
  5. @NawDar-c3p [1 likes]: Greatest song.
  6. @NEXTSTARMUSIC [1 likes]: Wow ❤❤❤❤
  7. @DebraKing-z6g: As I am also😢
  8. @salvadorcamacholeal5287: No deberían engañar al pubico de esta manera
  9. @robbyanderson7561: So tired of AI... I can't believe there's people that believe this is real. SMH
  10. @Thomash613a: This seems AI created.............
  11. @TheWavemaster204: isnt this AI
  12. @AngelaHHoger-fi4dp: ❤❤❤❤❤❤ Wundervoll
  13. @Donkersloot67: What f#cking AI shit is this? Please don’t place that. Thanks.
  14. @СветланаКрасникова-д6д: Он похож на постаревшего Иисуса Христа. И, как воплощение Бога, говорит нам, людям, в песнях о любви, прощении, покаянии. Сам Бог обращается к нам. Переслушайте его песни. И, если вы согласны, если вы понимаете о чём я, вы спасётесь от того хаоса и кошмара, который поглощает наш мир.
  15. @Leslie25: AI is really taking over, great song indeed
  16. @claudiodeiorio3918: Fake
  17. @اسرارالطبيعة123: From the heart to the heart
  18. @ИгорьПопов-л9ш: Я охранял.Супер вот даёт.я обосался вот Человек.приклаянусь делай Мужик
  19. @RobynAudreyMarson: 🎉This video was created with the help of artificial intelligence 🤖, used as a creative tool to shape the voice and bring this story to life.

🎉Before singing Michael Bennett shares a personal story that sets the tone for this emotional performance. Every word carries weight, turning this into more than just a song 
— it’s something real 💔

This content is inspired by talent show-style performances and is not affiliated with any official shows.
  20. @The0331Apache: Is this real?

- My Viral TikToks Skyrocketed My Music Career - Lubalin | This Is That Story | BuzzFeed Video: Kind: captions Language: en-US - My viral TikToks skyrocketed my music career. And "This is That Story." Is that too, like, cartoony? I'm Lubalin, I've been making music since I was a kid, basically. I used to live in Ottawa, which is a few hours away from Montreal where I've been for the last eight or nine years. And so back then I was working with an artist collective and we were always just creating stuff. Little experiments and songwriting and just exploring the things that I think are interesting. It's hard to find an audience, for sure. For a long time, it was just kind of, you know, a small group of people. I think it's still super cool to have 20 people connect with your music, even one person is sick. But yeah, then that's like, it's a little harder to make a living that way. I was just making TikToks to kind of promote my music. I was like, "Oh, okay. TikTok is the place where everyone's blowing up. So let's try some TikToks." And so I tried applying my talents there. I was doing different little acapella covers. And I feel like TikTok is the perfect place to test things because if you make something and it sucks, no one sees it. So it's fine. I did a Lil Nas X acapella cover of "Holiday." And that got me like 100,000 views. Then I did a different acapella cover. It got like 20, 30K. I was like, "Okay, okay. Maybe we have to do different things." And I was like, I was watching different creators. I think I saw somebody singing the ingredient list on a container or something, or they were reading the microcopy on a soup can, but as a song. And I was like, "Oh yeah, you could literally make anything into a song." And then I think it was kind of just like, "Well, let's take things the internet has already deemed funny." And then I'll do my thing on that. And then at least if it flops, although it's my fault and not the fault of the root content, and just kind of try and find a thing that I could do. And I was like, okay, "What if I take a meme and make a song," and then found the, "Is this available?" screenshot and just took a stab at doing the top line. And keep in mind, with not even an inkling of where it's gonna go, right? And so I'm filming it and then it just wasn't working. I showed it to my partner and she's like, "Hey, come on. We gotta redo this, get the light right." You know? And so we reshot it, put it up, and I was like, "Let's see." ♪ Good evening ♪ ♪ Is this available ♪ ♪ Yes it is ♪ And within an hour, it had 100,000 views or something. And then within two or three hours, it was at a quarter mil. And then another hour after that, it was at a million. And I was like, "Okay, I think we've got one." And yeah, now it's at like 40 million or 40 something million. And I remember being on a walk with my partner being like, "Okay, we just have to do it a second time. If we do it a second time, then it's like locked in." But I did not know what we were locking in. It was (beep) mayhem. It was like, my inbox was just filling with business opportunities and (beep) so you're like, "Okay, I gotta start this out." Like, "'The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon' would like to," you know, whatever it said. And I was just like, "Oh my (beep) God." And they just wanted it to be another internet drama. So they didn't have any notes for me. They were like, "Do you have notes for us?" Like, Jimmy's amazing. And then Alison Brie is phenomenal. It was a legit dream. So yeah, it was super cool. I'm really glad that I got the record deal that I have before becoming TikTok famous. The record label/management team that I have now found me when I had 400 followers. It was just the right fit and it wasn't about like virality or numbers. So I've got an EP out called the "Who's Love" EP with a bunch of music videos that we made that are all bat (beep) insane that I'm so proud of. I'm streaming on YouTube right now every week. It's been hard. It's been fun. It's been scary. It's been exciting, but I wouldn't change a thing. And thanks, thanks for listening to me talk. (laughs) (mellow upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @aguywithareallyreallylongu5912 [4 likes]: The demise of this channel is incredibly satisfying. This is what you get for playing the good guys while being the main source of all of the hatred nowadays.
  2. @gemmagemma-wx2bs [3 likes]: Love this guy the stolen Facebook recipe is my favorite 😂
  3. @nicolecampbell6864 [2 likes]: He’s so good. He’s an artist that transcends his viral funny stuff; his own music is really great. I just don’t find that to be the case very often.
  4. @rmannayr2129 [1 likes]: HE IS ONE CRAZY DUDE!
  5. @rmannayr2129 [1 likes]: WOW THIS GUY WENT VIRAL!
  6. @rmannayr2129 [1 likes]: THIS GUY IS SO FUNNY!
  7. @rmannayr2129 [1 likes]: IS THIS AVAILABLE?!
  8. @melissac7098: You're amazing
  9. @rbenjamin1429: Love Lubalin ❤ Everything he does 🤗🥰❤️
  10. @hopelessly.hopeful: So adorable
  11. @GxxdGr13f: Seems like a great guy
  12. @maddys.r760: Well buzzfeed is still working
  13. @jbirdnanny: Of course! I should have known by your sense of humour you’re Canadian!!! (I’m also Canadian!) 🇨🇦
  14. @HucciManeHuman: Mon tre yall sucker
  15. @schmithjagen7228: So this is where you are
  16. @jawascrapper6277: This dude has two mustaches.
  17. @euphoriaslove: THATS THE DUDE THAT MADE THE SONG???
  18. @bozsikandor: I like this guy. Too bad this video is a buzzfeed video.
  19. @Cherrybomb855: Remember when Buzzfeed was good? Yeah me neither
  20. @mannkinnd007: It's about time. Buzzfeed is finally dieing

- Reacting to my viral videos about Germany: Kind: captions Language: en If you guys don't know, originally I am a Tik Tocker. I started making Tik Tok video during the pandemic because I was bored and somehow my channel blew up and then that started my whole internet career. The thing is my YouTube channel is around 2 years younger than my Tik Tok channel. So during that time I has evolved and changed a lot as a content creator. Therefore, in this video, I also want to show you guys how my video look like at the beginning of my career and how I have changed so far and also we could look at some of the most viral video and have some fun with it. Let's start with one of the very first video that I ever made. It is made on November 2020. So, three and a half years ago. Let's see. [Music] The first thing that I noticed is that my skin is very fair in this video because for the first eight months of me making Tik Tok, I always have a beauty filter on to make sure that I look pretty. You can also see in this video how thin I am. This is uh 2 months after I moved from Vietnam to Germany. I'm basically a bit mountist here. German boyfriend has spent a lot of effort to fit me so that I'm looking like this at the moment. Also, it is a very true statement. When I first came to Germany, my luggage was just full of like fancy summery dress girly outfit. Okay. And then after I moved like for some months, immediately I noticed that nobody's wearing like cool outfit. They're wearing clothes as if they don't care as long as it's comfortable. And quickly I catch up onto the trend and then I turn it into content. That was one of the very first video I made. Look at me. Now we're going to watch my first actual viral video. I call it viral when it reach around 1 million views. Let's see. So this video is about how fast and efficient cashiers in Germanies are. Especially the one from Aldi. If you ever visit Aldi in Germany, you're in for a big cultural shock because over here you have to pack your own bag and they are extremely fast when it come to like skinning scanning. When I make this video, I was still in the face of like having panic attack whenever I have to go there and then they just throw the stuff at me and I have to do it quickly because there's a long line of people waiting for me to do it. Also, this video is I think the first video that made me realize that I kind of have a very expressive face for like comedy sketches. I don't think anyone ever tell me that I have an expressive face before, but uh after making that video, I was like, wait, that was actually a nervous breaking down face. Maybe I could like do it more often for my channel. And that how it all started. The next video is the one that uh started my whole internet career. I'm not joking. This is the one that changed my life and actually it's the one that many people know me with. I was known at like the German window girl. Let's see. Hello. So, the music from this video is getting copyrighted on YouTube. Therefore, I had no choice but just sing it to you live then. Elephants and acrobats lion snake monkey pill right sister Zena says funky. How bizarre. How bizarre. How bizarre. It has 1.5 million likes and almost 10 million views. This is my creative process. Normally sometimes when I hear a song that I like, I would like remember it and trying to think what kind of situation can I make video that is fitting with this song and then I create the situation based on the song, the lyric or the music. And that is why sometime I get the compliment for you guys that I choose very fitting music because I choose the music first before I came up with the idea of the video. I made this video in less than 10 minutes. Then I go to sleep and then I woke up the next day and the video has like million of views. I was in shock. Okay. And then every 1 hour it gain one more millions and my follower keep growing and growing and growing. And by the end of the day, I had 10,000 followers on Tik Tok, which is crazy because I posted this video on the 9th of December, 2020. So, it's less than a month after I started my Tik Tok channel. Is that still the beginner class? This is the first video that has German boyfriend's voice on my channel. He was sometime helping me before holding the camera or something, but this is the first time I could convince him to show up on my channel. It's a fun video and honestly still relatable until this day. Although my German has been improved so much since that day, uh whenever I go to a German class, there is always someone who is not supposed to be in this level or just learn too good. Why? Why are people so talented? Do you know where's the is the what you know the to pick up food when it's hot? You know, you mean the pinset? Yes. Thank you. How do you code in English? Don't know. So let's call it from now on. Okay. By the way, have you seen the as well the what? Okay, this is three months in. And as you can see, we have a new character, the German roommate with uh the hair scout. That character lasts for like around 6 months. I think six to eight months. The reason why we have a German roommate is that at that time I was also very private as a person on internet. So instead of telling people that I have a boyfriend, a German boyfriend because I feel like that's too much information, I just create a character called German roommate and that was the German boyfriend. This video is just inspired by our real life situation living with German boyfriend because both of us are not native speakers. Like we have a tons of like different uh name for things that we don't know which is fine when it's just both of us. It's our own language. But when we are with actually an English native speaker normally they were like what is going on here? Also some people on the comment asked why do I have the headcarf here? First of all it just make the difference between two character. Okay one have the headcarf one doesn't. And second of all I just like I don't even have a wig at that time. So I just thought okay just put something up here so people know that is something someone else. Honestly people like it. So here's my lesson. You don't need to try so hard and put a lot of effort for like these kind of content, especially for short content. It's more about the idea you have and once you have a good idea, just like run with it. This video is one of my favorite video that I have ever made. It's on the top 10 for sure. And I made so many videos. It just poor creativity. Like I don't know how could I came up with this idea. Yes. I think the whole idea was inspired from another Tik Tocker who made a video about her meeting an audience and I was like so cool. I want to do something like that. Then I remember the piece of bread that we forgot outside and the next day it turned into a piece of brick and I thought wait that could be a fun idea. So I start making it and it turned out so well. And this video takes so much time to make. I'm telling you. Watch this. this scenes when I get hit by the bread. German boyfriend was not home that day. So I go down to my neighbor and ask her if she can come up there and throw a bread on my face. She was like, "Sure, I would love that." So she go up, she throw it for like I think two to three times to get the best shot. It was like pretty fun. It is the kind of content that I aspire to make every single day. But you know, good idea like this doesn't come that often. It's not like I wake up every day and I have an awesome idea like this, right? So, I'm just wishing that at least I could make like three video like this per year and I'm already proud of myself. I didn't think much of it because I just thought like, oh, there was a trend when people showing before and after picture and I do have a lot of like nice graduation pictures. So, I would like to make that video. But then after I make it and then I watched the video, I kind of realized how much I changed in just six, seven months after I moved to Germany, I could see the difference for sure because when I was in Vietnam, I was uh focusing so much on my uh look. But when I moved to Germany, things are getting way better. I'm as you can see here, I look way more confident with who I am. I even showing just basically me without makeup on the camera often on social media. That was actually a big turning point for me. And then you guys were so nice in the comments supporting me and things like that too, which is so sweet. I made this video at German boyfriend's house. At this time, just after 6 months in Germany, you could see that I look already a little bit heavier. My face has a bit more meat and my hand is not looking like two tricks anymore. The German baran has been uh feeding me very well. For the first one year of my Tik Tok career, I mostly post content about Germany only, like just videos about culture shock in Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany. Because at that time, I thought nobody would care about me as a person. They only came here to see the culture shock in Germany to learn something to entertain something. So that exactly what I should give to them. But then after I get more comfortable with the net, I started to share more even comedy sketch or like funny thing or even normal thing about my life and you guys reacted very well too. It also helped me to be more open up with you guys and it also help you guys to learn a bit more about me. The glass is half full. No, the glass is half empty. The glass is filled with 9.2 2 cm of liquid and it weight 205 g. You're welcome. You're welcome. German efficiency at its finest. This video is 10 second. I love the time when Tik Tok is just Tik Tok and they let us make short video like that. Now if we want to make money on Tik Tok, we have to make video that is longer than one minute. We get no money for video that is less than that. That's why when you go on Tik Tok, you see video which is super duper long. Which is something that I'm very angry with Tik Tok because they train everybody to have such short attention span. They show content creator that if we make video longer than 1 minute, they wouldn't push it only short content would work and after a while when everybody get used to it. Now they make us make video for one minute long on a short form platform. I'm still struggling with it because I like to make short form content. I think it fits me very well. So I don't want to change it because of that. I don't really make money on Tik Tok anymore. So I don't earn anything on Tik Tok except your compliment which is priceless for me. Sweetie, can you stop storming? The whole building can hear you walk. Sorry. So this video is me acting like my German boyfriend. As you can see here, we haven't figured out his outfit yet for my character cuz this is very new. But first, we have a hack for him. Then I wear one of his shirt. The reason why this shirt didn't become the official German boyfriend outfit is that it's not fitting for all of the weather with the German boyfriend jacket that you normally see on my video. I can wear it in all kind of weather in Germany, especially in the cold. These are just like fitting for the summer. It's not convenient for me. There's another video. In Vietnam, it's very common for couples to wear couple shirts. And what does that mean? It means they wear the same shirts but different size. And I think it's very cute. So I bought something so that me and my boyfriend can try out together. No. What do you mean no? Sweetie, we are not 12 anymore. So no one in Germany does that. It sounds super lame. It's cute. No, it will look ridiculous. I'm not going to do that. Okay. [Applause] Okay. This is 10 months in. German boyfriend get so comfortable within the net. He's agreed to show his left arm. Wow. Oh god. It took so long until he get comfortable. I think for the first 6 months only his toe is allowed to be there. The couple shirts thing is always such a big argument between me and him because I love wearing couple shirts. When we were in Vietnam, I always ask him if we can do couple shirt when we walk out on the street because every couple do that. German boy fan party fight is super lame because in Germany people don't do that. I don't know. I think I want that because at the end we have couple shirts and we do wear it from time to time. My YouTube channel out. It's a Q&A video to answer questions you have about me like why did I choose? So this video is where I announced that I have a YouTube channel. It was in 2021 actually but then I didn't post much until one or two years later. At that time I don't have any manager or anything. I was doing everything by myself and uh thing was a bit overwhelming. So I wasn't really focused on it honestly. Okay, two things. In this video, there is no beauty filter anymore. After 11 months of being a content creator, I can finally turn off the beauty filter. Yes. And also I have a new phone at this point. I was making enough money to buy a new phone for my channel. So it looks really good now. And I'm still uh using that phone along with like other phone as well. I haven't upgraded yet. This is one of my favorite video that I made too. Just look how cool I am. That is exactly three years ago. And honestly from a personality point of view, I don't really feel like I changed much since then. The only thing that significantly changed inside me is that along with my kind of successful internet career brings a lot of confidence for me. At this time I only have Tik Tok and I have around 150,000 followers. Now I have more follower and my video is more consistently when it comes to views and everything. It gave me a lot of confidence about my judgment and my creative decision. I feel like I know more about what would work, what would not working and also like not just about content creation, it just even live decision. That is why I'm really grateful for my uh content creator career. If you don't know, most of the video that I'm making at this point were getting recreated somewhere in like a year and two years later because at that point I'm a better content creator. I have the idea already. I just know how to like make it better. I'm going to give you some example. This video is the first video that I made about German beer glasses like which different kind of which one. First of all, we have this baby. It's for serving the most common beer in Germany called Pner. And then we have this for drinking wheat beer. I actually remade that video some months ago. I'm gonna show it to you. City stamp. This is a pillar. PN goes with this cup. Okay, sweetie. Not that glass. You told me to use it. Yeah, but it's a wheat beer. You need a bit glass. Oh, no. Not that one. What now? The can beer goes with the Zidle. You know what? I'm sick of your room. Watch this. No. No. No. No. Do it. No. See, I like this way more. still educational, way more fun. There's German boyfriend. What can be better than that, right? Just the realistic life of a very kind of girly girl who moved to Germany and have to learn to do everything. I made it in 2021. I just remade it recently and I'm going to show This is why I already know about how to use slow motion the hair dryer to make it like intense effect and things like that. And we have German boyfriend to help too. As you can see, muscle review from German boyfriend too. I like this video way much more than the first video. Also, the music is very fitting, too. This video is about food cutting skill. So the idea is that when I was in Vietnam, I was taught that when I first met my boyfriend's family, I should impress them by my woman's skill like food cutting skill, cooking skill, cleaning skill. In this video, I was showing that when I first met German boyfriend, I want to impress them. So, I started like cutting orange and peeling pineapple things like that so that they see how good I am and they were super confused because normally they would like cut the food by themsel but now I cut the fruit for them. Now that I get more comfortable on internet, I started mention German boyfriend more. I wait this is the first time I mentioned my German boyfriend ever. On January 2021, Reing has released to the public that she has a German boyfriend and she hasn't shut up about that scene. I'm going to show you the same idea but were made 3 years later. Actually, it's one of my most viral video so far now and I'm really proud of it. The music got copyrighted again. So this is honor to us all singing by me as the lead performer and German boyfriend as the background singering bing. This is what you give me to walk with. Well honey I've seen worst. We're going to turn this cell's ear into a s. will have you wash and dry. Prim and polish till you glow with pride. Just my recipe for instant pride. You bring honor to us all. Way better, right? I get so many compliments for this video, especially for the apples one. This video has 1.4 million like and 8.5 million views. like 20 time higher than the first video that I made about this idea. Okay, that was actually way less cringe than I thought. When I watched my old video, I was kind of proud and happy about how I have changed and evolved as a person up until this point. So, yeah, that was actually pretty fun. This is my first reaction video, so I really hope you guys like it. And if you have any idea about what I should

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tinagirl404 [9 likes]: The “honor to us all” cover was the best 😂🎉❤ love the energy of your videos
  2. @FrauWNiemand [2 likes]: Interesting to see the evolution of ideas in videos. Pllease tell more about this.
  3. @TV-mc1ew [1 likes]: Just curious .... But if your channel is being monitored by a giant tech administrator they can blow up your channel ...... And also the reverse can happen ...... I'm in court right now for illegal monitoring by tech people I have never met before.....I hate tech people bc they also invade your privacy even when you are in your own home not online......
  4. @Neatly_Imperfected [1 likes]: 19:56 Good gurl ... You are so funny 😂😂😂
  5. @SS-gh6jy [1 likes]: The singing is ❤❤❤❤❤😂 🥰🥰
  6. @CarolinaLeonxD [1 likes]: This was a very fun video to watch! Hope you make more of these. Still going through your stuff from the beginning. Have a nice day!
  7. @silvermoon3486: I’m sure you would be great at interviewing people ❤️☝️love all ur videos 😊
  8. @bet_le: You are so funny fr! And the beer glasses short is still my fave, cracks me up every time lol
  9. @Magicznymarcin: 2137, poles unite
  10. @Lilian040210: 10:39 that's just how all human relationships work, don't they? You spend time with one another until you learn more about the person (not even necessarily conscious facts, feel their vibe too, so to speak), and then you start liking them and be interested in things about them.
  11. @Lilian040210: You can tell Vietnam is a humid country just by the fact that she's never seen a brick bread before 😂
  12. @leacruz7311: I honestly enjoy watching your videos!
  13. @p1rgit: not sure but i think there is no law in germany that you have to wear ugly clothes. comfy, yes, alrite, but comfy can also look nice. i spent some time in germany studying and i wore my nice clothes all time -- i had no other. some skirts, pair of jeans with cute cardigan. mostly nice skirts. and even that was a bit standing out. local ppl really don't care how they look but i think it is public duty to make street look nice, by wearing nice outfits :)
  14. @leeannburns747: The tong video is one of my favorites ❤
  15. @andreaslitfin6327: Naja, dein Englisch ist toll, dein Vietnamesisch natürlich erst recht. Hm, vielleicht doch ein bisschen die Sprache deiner neuen Heimat mit einbringen? 🤔
  16. @melissaorellana6951: You are talented, smart and a pleasure to watch!
  17. @Averycuriousnctzen: loove that u shared aaall the numbers and timeline!!
  18. @micheljgaudet1951: I am a 74 years old fart. I know that if something should cause me to want to seriously be a YouTube content creator, I would most likely be asking you and people like you for advice. I love what you present for us to view and I hope nothing but the best for you and your German boyfriend/soon-to-be husband. ✨🤗✨😘
  19. @JoJo-rg4kt: 16.22 i only just realised you are wearing pyjamas 😂
  20. @jelenamladenovic3761: I found Uyen on YT and just realised that she was originaly on tiktok. The old piece of bread video made me laugh so much like Idk when did I laugh like that last time. Thanks, Uyen ❤❤❤❤❤

- Reacting To Our Most VIRAL Videos (100M+ Views): Kind: captions Language: en What's going on, guys? And welcome back to another video. Today, Pops and I are going to be react >> I was just waving. >> Today, Pops and I are going to be reacting to our most viral videos on YouTube. This first video has 50 million views. >> This is a good one. >> 2.1 million likes. >> I like that one. >> Look at the baby photo. It goes by so quick. >> Wow. You still look the same. >> No, I've aged a lot. >> No, I think you look the same a lot. Every every time we do videos like this, people are always like, "Dad hasn't aged." >> No, I have. You haven't aged at all. [laughter] >> Guys, make sure to stick around because a few of these videos at the end have over 100 million views. Insane. Next one has 52 million views. Oh, same trend. We did this recently. >> Wow. >> Yeah. >> Mom and I were just kids when we did this. >> Look at that lipstick. >> Oh my. So good. >> It's insane. >> That's cool. >> So, fun fact, half of this photo is AIDed. Did you know that? >> Half the photos. >> Half the photo is AI. >> Wait, no. From I remember taking photo from right here and below is fake. I needed to. So your the photo was actually only from here to here, but I needed the full thing for the video. So I had somebody AI the rest of the picture. How crazy is that? >> And you know, I was going to say your mother's arm doesn't look >> right. And you you weren't wearing a shirt with stars on it. >> Oh, that's right. >> Isn't that crazy? >> That's really really crazy. Wow. >> Literally nobody would have ever guessed that. But >> look, but now that I look at it Yeah. >> If you're watching this right now, you're the only people that know that cuz I have not said that at all. Next one also has 52 million views. >> My dad just found out about the Uno reverse card. He's literally using it non-stop. >> What am I doing? >> Mowing the lawn. >> Reverse Uno. >> No, Dad. I'm not mowing the >> Do you think you can help me with the dishes? >> Uh, the card. >> Give me that, >> Mom. Yeah. Respect the card, Karen. >> That's pretty funny. >> Reverse. I forgot that that was like a trend. Next one we're reacting to has 53 million views. >> Dad, say this. >> No, no, no. Sing it. Sing it. >> Well, you didn't say to sing it. >> All right, relax. Sing it. >> One, two, buckle my shoe. Three, four, buckle some more. Five, six Nike kicks. >> Why'd you make me do that? I >> I actually don't remember. It was a trend and I We did it and it did really well. 53 million views >> for that. >> Apparently. Yeah. >> All righty. Next one also has 53 million views. But after this one right here, it's going to get significantly higher. >> Dad rating my girlfriend's accent. >> Classic father. >> No, it's f. Yeah, that was pretty good. Oh, this is what she [music] did. The accent >> stalk. >> Eight out of 10. >> Power. >> Look at you. What's gotten into you, man? That's great. >> I guarantee you the last word is coffee and she says it incorrectly. >> I don't remember. >> I think we filmed this in probably like 2020, 2021. I I can almost guarantee it's coffee. >> Uh coffee. >> See, I know it's too good to be true. It's coffee. 2.7 million likes, 5,000 comments. Freaking crazy. Okay, so like I said, we're getting up there in the views now. The next video we're reacting to has 75 million views. Nuts. >> Oh my gosh. We literally just did this. >> That's all you have to say? W >> because I I had to sneeze. I was trying to hold it in. Sorry. >> We filmed this video not too long ago. We were we Angela and I were driving back from Washington DC and I actually I had this idea. I mean this people have done this before. It's a trend. But um I was like we should totally do this and it just freaking crushed. >> That was a good video. >> I love it. Super relatable. >> Cool. >> Next one also has 75 million views. >> Dads that I would replace my dad with. >> Okay. >> 3.4 million likes. What's under there? Underwear. >> Oh, here we go. Oh, [clears throat] in these videos. >> Made you say [laughter] underwear. >> I didn't know. I don't know. I didn't know that was a thing. I didn't expect that. >> Can you pause to see what I hit you with? >> Yeah. Hey, it's a slipper, I think. Yeah. [laughter] >> I didn't expect that. It was good. Next one. 78 million views. >> Dad, the fans seem to love it when you do the he he laugh. You think you can give me one? >> No. >> Just do it one time for me. >> Out of my face. >> He for me one time, please. Just for the video. >> You want me to do it one time? >> Yeah, just one time. >> You got to give me what I want. >> Apple juice. >> You want the views? Do you want the views? >> I want the views. >> Then you got to give me what I want. >> All right. Here you go, >> Joe. >> You know how he gets with those. >> I know, Mom. I I had to do it. I had to do it. >> Sounds like a real apple. It does. >> Wow. Here it is. >> Can you give us a >> [laughter] >> What was that? 3.8 million likes, 26,000 comments. Dang. All right, next one has 79 million views. Let's get into it. >> Oh, I like this one. >> I do, too. I was flying. Doesn't look like I was going fast, but I felt like I was flying. I >> I actually saw a turtle beat you. Dude, that is freaking crazy. Look how far I was. I didn't even realize >> you were out of breath when you came back. >> I was so out of breath. >> Did you really think I was going to run after you? >> Yeah. You said you were. Okay, next one. 80 million views. >> Mom rating my girlfriend's accent. >> Sure. Yeah, that's fine. >> Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Stop the camera. It's sure, not sure. Uh-huh. >> Quarter. >> You're sitting in between them now. >> It's quarter. Zero out of 10. >> Wait, pause it. Go back and look at my eyes. I think that we did another video with me wearing like eyeliner or something cuz look, you see like you see you can see a little eyeliner on there. So, we must have did like either >> You think so? >> Yeah, we must have did some I think you were just wearing eyeliner that day. >> When do I wear eyeliner? Stop. Don't listen to him. >> Sounds perfect. >> Often. It's often [music] >> fault. Go ahead, Frank. >> It's fault. Now I'm aggravated. And it's both your fault. >> Beautiful. >> 3.8 million likes, 14,000 comments. That freaking crushed. The next one also has 80 million views. We have a lot of duplicates in here. >> Girlfriend rating my dad accent. >> Straw. >> No, it's straw. Who are you to tell me how >> iron? >> No, it's iron. Zero out of 10. >> You can't give me a zero out of 10. >> That's floor. >> No, you got to pronounce the R. >> Floor. [laughter] >> Coffee. And don't you dare tell me otherwise. >> It's coffee. >> Coffee. >> It is coffee. How do you say it? >> I say coffee. >> Coffee. Can I have a coffee? Yeah, I say coffee. They should they should change it in the dictionary to C A W F E coffee. >> So they have to change the spelling. >> They they should they should make it >> All right. The next one has nearly 100 million views. It has 96 million views. And then the last three videos have 100 million plus. Let's get into it. 96 I I don't get this. How do I freaking explain this? Do you guys know when you're scrolling? And >> do you got to pause with my belly sticking out? >> Sorry. Let me Let me find a better spot. >> Oh. Oh, look. Watch. Make it No, stop. Make it go down on my head. I look like the the character from Star Wars, you know. >> Oh, yeah. I know what you're talking about. That's her name. >> I don't know her name. >> I think it begins with an A or something like that. >> I know. >> What is it? >> Ahsoka. >> Yes. I look like a I look like Ahsoka with the She had that that thing coming. >> I love snowballs. >> Okay. Have you guys this trend when we were filming it, Dad was literally like I have no idea what we're doing and I It's not funny at all. It was a trend. And basically what it was, do you guys know when you're like watching a movie clip and half of the screen is like some it's like a it's like a movie clip you're watching and half the screen is just something random like cutting soap or like ASMR or something. I don't even know how to describe this. >> You just explained it and I still don't know what >> Yeah, I I actually don't even know how to explain it. >> Let's go to the next one. >> We're just going to go to the next video. If you know what I'm talking about, please let me know. But if you don't, then just forget it. Just Just forget it. >> Sorry. The next one has 100 [cheering] freaking million views. Literally insane. Oh, this is so good. Was that a magic walker? I think it was eyeliner or something. Some kind of makeup product. Oh, that's funny. >> Freaking great. >> That was good. >> Okay, the next one jumps up quite a bit. 124 million views. >> Dad, I need to show you something. What? When we dressed you up as Ratatouille, you got 52.6 million views. When we did the apple juice video, we got 58.7 >> And what if we combined the two? >> That's too powerful. >> Let's do it. >> Are you ready? >> Absolutely. This is >> It's going to be he he in the end. >> Wow. [snorts] >> That simple. 124 million. What did it have? 124 million views, 5.6 million likes, 39,000 comments. >> I know what the 14 I know what the top one's going to be. It's got to be Ratatouille. >> I think it's going to be another dadridden girlfriend's accent. I just >> Those videos crush. >> Yeah, they do. But but Ratatouille was like the big one. I'm going to say >> Nope. Dad, wrong girlfriend's accent. >> My girlfriend's accent. >> Dinner. >> It's dinner. There's no R. >> Sauce. >> It's sauce. One out of 10. >> Usually give a zero out of 10. >> Just kidding. Zero out of 10. >> Arm. >> There's no R. It's arm. >> Poor Angela. >> Party. >> It's party. You have to pronounce the R. >> You said no R. [laughter] Wow, that got the most. >> Jeez. 147 million views, 5.8 million likes. As you guys can tell, the dad writing girlfriend accent videos do quite well. >> I like that picture. >> That's a very good photo. >> Can you still make that face? Take the glasses off. Look at the camera. >> Yeah, it's pretty accurate. All right, guys. That's going to be it for today. We did this video before, like maybe a couple months ago, and it freaking crushed. You guys loved it, so we thought we would do it again. Let us know if you guys want to see a part three of this. >> I want to see a part three. You want to see a part three? >> I love these videos. Yes. >> Well, then we'll we'll do a part three. >> Part three. >> All right, guys. Thanks for watching. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @abhishekdhar-t6z [7 likes]: I realize, his Dad is more famous, because he isn't pretending. He is just being himself. His boy has the tinge of acting for the camera and trying to look good.
  2. @algalgod159 [2 likes]: Yes i know what this is about its the 3D mesh thing with increasing numbers of polygons until it becomes a soft cloth - genius idea
  3. @MASTER_OF_MSM [1 likes]: Your dad so peaceful
  4. @Craftingwithcamden [1 likes]: Pops you definitely look the same 0:37
  5. @NilakshiSanjeevani [1 likes]: I KNOW IT !!!
  6. @O1v1a_N1-F4N [1 likes]: PLEASE DO YOU GUYS REACTING TO POPS SINGING DO RE ME FA SO LA TI DO! THAT WAS SO FUNNY
  7. @johnblack6946: RESPECT THE CARD KAREN
  8. @Deborahw-q6b: Dad is a nice guy he is not mean but when puts the act on he’s scary ❤
  9. @Thatoneguyeditz: May the Lord Jesus Christ pull you closer to him in his mighty name, amen
  10. @FrankCardascia: Hey Joe I went to school with your dad he was and still is an awesome guy we were the Donkey ball  champs !! Yea I know wow  we had good memories boy he can play the piano Italian restaurant
  11. @meganowens3294: 🛸🚀🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🛸🌍
  12. @Emilys_version23: 0:43 Nick what was that laugh😂
  13. @jacqulineball2284: Love it!
  14. @dinoradoovic: Sorry for late but tsis int youtuBe
  15. @SpawnPointStudios-s7i: I totally understand what you are talking about
  16. @sayadahamad1141e: Like a tiktok with a Half ASMR
  17. @KodieMantrom: Hi
  18. @stefficrawford8612: Where’s is Loisis griffin
  19. @Fluffygtag: I know what the 1 face 4 face and on  like those stupid shorts with one vid and the other half asmr
  20. @albertvelas22: Caffee

- Reacting to Our Most VIRAL Videos (100M+ Views): Kind: captions Language: en What's going on, guys? Welcome back to another video. Today, Pops and I are going to be reacting to our most viral videos on YouTube. >> I'm so excited. I can't wait. >> You're not really matching my energy. Can you be a little bit more? >> I am so excited. I can't wait. >> Let's get into it. This first video we're going to take a look at got 58 million views. >> Wow. Listen to him. [Music] >> Yeah, that that was a good video. We actually didn't film that too long ago. I'm pretty sure that was like maybe 2 months ago. >> No, no, no, no. That was a while ago. >> No, it definitely this was like 2 months ago. >> Really? >> Yeah. I'm like positive. >> I haven't aged that much in 2 months. I know every whenever we post this trend like proof my dad doesn't age. The comments are fluttered with people saying your dad literally doesn't age. Time goes by real quick. Does >> this next video got 60 million views ever since mom and I took the Tik Tok apple juices away from dad. He hasn't been the same. >> So sad. >> I haven't been myself recently. This is why. Look reel. Nothing. >> No, Dad. I know. I >> ranch. >> Nothing. See what else I can get that >> No, don't go in there. Don't go in. >> Oh no. You hid this from me. Mom, no. I'm back. >> You're so silly. >> People love the Tik Tok apple juice videos. I I don't know why. I wish we had one here so you could do it. >> Yeah, they made a really nice crunch or something, >> you know? I'm pretty sure they like discontinued those because they're like the plastic has like chemicals in it or something. They like discontinued the plastic bottles. >> Now you tell me that you I just found out about it. This next video got 63 million views and it's one of my personal favorite videos. >> Dad, can you help me for a second? My hand is stuck in this vase. >> Well, you got to put soap on there, Joe. >> It's not going to work unless you put soap. >> No, it's not even >> All right. Well, I got to get it in there. Put All right. Put it in there. >> Put it all around, too. You got to try it now. Try. >> See? A lot easier. Remember that. Your father's a smart guy. That was pretty fun. >> Yeah, that was a good one. That's actually one of my favorite videos. I remember when we posted that video, it obviously did numbers. It did really well, but uh yeah, people loved it. 28,000 comments, 2.7 million likes. >> Yeah, that was pretty cool. >> Crazy. This next video we're going to react to got 64 million views, and as you can tell, I was wearing a fake nose ring. So, please pay no attention to that. Let's do it. >> Oh, play. Press play. >> I was looking at your nose ring. Oh my gosh. >> My dad is definitely going to freak out, but I promised y'all I'd give this trend a shot. >> It's a bad idea, Joe. >> I got to get them all in my mouth. >> Yeah. Okay. >> What was that? >> One more time. >> I will never trick my father again. >> Again? >> I will never trick my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How How long are we going to be doing this for? >> So, >> I missed the old videos, man. Those were so good. >> Look how long your hair was. >> I know. I don't know what I was doing. That was a terrible. >> It was a style. >> No. Well, it was something. All right. This next video got 72 million views, and we're back at the apple juice videos. >> Press play. >> So, my dad is still heavily addicted to these Tik Tok apple juices, and today, Mom and I are going to put an end to it. >> Let's do it. >> All right. Here we go. What are you doing? >> Oh, >> Dad, you have a problem. I don't have a problem. >> It's the family or the apple juice. All right. Good. Proud of you. Good job. >> Frank, what are you doing? >> I can't help it. I love it. >> Those are great, man. I miss those >> Yeah, that was really good. And your mother's such a great actress, too. >> She is a great actress. face there. And we paused it at a very She's been >> This next video we're going to watch had 73 million views and it's dad rating beauty products or guessing beauty products, >> which I have no idea what I'm guessing here. >> Let's get into it. >> Dad guessing beauty products. >> Here we go again. >> All right, first one. >> It's a tampon. >> Why are you misering? That's a brush for the nether regions. >> What? >> Oh my gosh. >> That's to uh cover these, right? >> All right, last one. >> Use that to uh exfoliate. >> You mean exfoliate? >> Exfoliate. Look at all this. How weird these things are. What is that for? >> I I actually have no idea. I I >> it I it probably is for exfoliation. >> Yeah. >> A wash, rinse. Maybe it's for the shower to like who knows? >> I don't know. Whatever. Guys, we're going to get into some videos that literally have over 100 million views. So, stay tuned. So, this video got 79 million views. 79 million. That's a lot. It's a lot. That's more than uh the state of Connecticut, I think. >> Mom rating my girlfriend's accent. >> Water. >> Yeah, that's perfect. Wait a second. This is my thing. >> Frank, you're too mean to her. I'm taking over. >> Coffee. >> Perfect. Angela, >> it's >> Yeah, I think this was the first video where mom rated Angela's accent. So, this one this one definitely did pretty well. Did she say coffee correctly? >> No. >> Say it. >> Coffee. It's only one way to say it. This next video got 86 >> Can we meet your dad's dad? >> All right, go grab him. >> Yes, >> grandpa. >> All right, so listen. My dad isn't much of a talker. You know, he's hasn't done this in a while, so he's kind of dusty. So, just just bear with us. All right, come on in. So, >> okay. I I'm sure you guys know this, but that obviously was not my grandfather. That's literally just a flower vase that we have in the house. We would not ever ever do that. Um, never. >> But that one did pretty well. 86 million views, 47,000 comments. >> That's pretty impressive. >> That's pretty crazy. >> Moving on. >> Who's walking around? >> Bye. Love you. >> Come in and say a quick hello. >> Wait, Mom. Do you want to come in or >> Hi, viewers. I got to look here. Hi viewers, how are you? >> This is my beautiful wife and Joe's beautiful mother, Karen. >> Thank you. >> Wait, did you go shopping? >> I did. I got nothing. >> I bet you didn't I bet you didn't spend a lot of money. >> I spent nothing. >> I love you. >> I love you. You're the best. >> See you later. Hey, mama. >> Love you. >> Love you, too. >> She's going to freak out when she sees her face. Oh, I know. Yeah. >> Bye, guys. All right. This next video has 99 million views. Very close to 100 million. >> Approved. Approved. I don't know. >> give me your thoughts. Ryan on me. >> I Angela is is great and you know she's paw stuff. >> You guys are very very funny together. You guys are hysterical. Thank you. >> No, you are. You really are. I wasn't in this video and it got 99 million which I find hard to believe >> but no very good. >> I think videos like this they get a lot of views because they're super relatable. Um but yeah, I was very shocked that it got nearly 100 million views. All right, next one. We are finally into the videos that have over 100 million views. This next video that we posted got 105 million views. >> That's That's insane. >> Crazy. That's crazy. Coffee. Coffee. Oh my gosh. >> Wait, can you give us another meow? >> That was a good >> That was a good video. I enjoyed that. >> Yeah, I like that one. >> This next video got 106 million. And this was Lois Griffin's debut. Your girlfriend sounds like Lois Griffin. >> Angela, come here. >> Why? What is this? Do you think you could say Peter for my dad and I? >> I don't sound like Lois girl. >> Do it for Pops. >> Peter. >> Wait, should we Should we get her in here to do Lois? >> And come here. >> Oh, she's going to be so upset. >> Hi. >> where do I look? >> Right here. >> Okay. >> Um, can you give us lowest impression, >> please? >> Oh, come on. You have to do it for the fans. We just we just reacted to you impersonating Lois and it got 106 >> Okay, hold on. I have to get into character. >> Peter, >> the horse is here. >> You're welcome. >> That's character. She does that excellent. >> That was great. This next video has 160 million views. This is actually another one of my favorite videos. And fun fact, we post this video every single Christmas. For the last 3 years, I think we've posted this video and it goes viral every time. So, super funny. But yeah, let's get into it. [Applause] >> So freaking great. I love that video. And yeah, look out. December 25th, we're going to be posting that video around 10:00 a.m. Eastern time. This year when we post that video on Christmas, comment that you came from this video. That would be so freaking cool. >> I like the hat. >> I like the hat, too. I like the gown that you're wearing. It's not a gown. What do you What would you call it? >> It It's It's a pajama shirt. It's just a shirt. It's a gown. >> It's a dress. >> It's not a dress. The last video we're about to watch has 169 million views. It's our most viewed video on YouTube. You ready to get into it? >> I'm ready. >> And it's none other than an apple juice video. And fun fact before we get into this, this was the first apple juice video we ever posted. >> Bite into it. Just bite. Why do you want me to bite into it? >> It sounds like an apple. >> How does that thing sound like an apple? >> Dude, just try it. >> Leave me alone, >> Dad. Just take a You're drinking it. That little sip was $8 worth. >> No. Come on. Just take a bite out of it. >> All right. All right. All right. All right. >> Bite. You see? We got to get more. >> Frank, that's too expensive. >> It's only $22. Carrie, >> 7.2 million likes, 28,000 comments. That's freaking crazy. >> And they discontinued it. >> I could be wrong. Fact check me, but I'm pretty sure they discontinued the plastic apple juices because I think they were like toxic chemicals or something. >> So now, am I going to like grow a third eye or something like that? >> Let's hope not. All right. I've been practicing the outro. >> Go ahead. >> You ready? >> Yes. >> We hope that you guys enjoyed this video. We had a great time watching it with you. Um, these are our most viral videos on YouTube and we hope that you guys enjoyed. Comment below which was your favorite video we reacted to today. What is that? >> That's a heart. I >> Oh, I couldn't see from my eye. >> Love the fans. >> Love you guys. >> All right. Peace, guys. >> Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kas-i6b [2 likes]: I will come back in 2027 and see how much likes I get
  2. @Aurabloxia_XD [1 likes]: My moms name is Angla😮😮😮
  3. @NOX_spitzy [1 likes]: 6:52  Karen has the Louis Vuitton as my mom
  4. @Tocakatseye [1 likes]: the vase one is  probably the dumbest one in ur whole content life
  5. @arsimisufi8216: I love lois grifin
  6. @alexiadelord5149: 😮😮😮😮
  7. @Kwt-kings7Bt: 😑😢😡😏🤨😸cawfee
  8. @ToddBillings-z4y: Yawk
  9. @vavavava8869: DHOS  VIDEOS  ARE  SO  CRINCH
  10. @AgustinPacheco-xw4xy: Bro, I love the lowest
  11. @Imissmybrotherandtheanimalstha: The part that the emoji was making me dying and I most fell of the cheer
  12. @jessicalawrence-twinmommaa8542: Your dog in the kennel looks like my dog
  13. @salinaena640: 𝙲𝚊𝚗 𝚠𝚎 𝚐𝚎𝚝 𝚊 𝚖𝚠𝚘𝚠 𝚙𝚕𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜😂
  14. @salinaena640: 𝙲𝚊𝚗 𝚠𝚎 𝚐𝚎𝚝 𝚊 𝚖𝚠𝚘𝚠 𝚙𝚕𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜𝚜😂
  15. @explorer_untamed: Cawfee
  16. @Babbykuna: Wait, why the picture looks so creepy because the smile and the baby picture😅
  17. @slimeworm11: The Christmas one has now surpassed the first apple juice one.
  18. @حسنمحمد-ب6م7و: Only sigmas can comment
  19. @leahl8529: cawfeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  20. @Indianbatman12: Bhabhi

- Reacting to the internets most VIRAL videos😳: Kind: captions Language: en Good morning. Good morning. [screaming] I'm sorry if I just blew out your eardrums, but welcome back to my channel. The internet is a crazy wild broad space. On one side you have the Lorax and the beautiful movies that have made up all of my childhood. And then the other side is like poop jokes. I don't really know. I steer clear of that side. But yeah, it's got me wondering, like what is the internet? By reality is something that we all apparently know about. But the other day I was with some friends who brought up this meme that I've never heard, which then gave idea of reacting to the internet's most viral videos. I really hope it's not crazy. Only time will tell. We're going to start off with a video that's a little ancient. David After Dentist. >> Smelled good, didn't it? Is this real life? Yeah, this is real life. >> where that came from? Only now Only now I I have two fingers. Good. Now four fingers. Yeah, smart kid. >> Four fingers? I want what he's on. Am I allowed to say that? I don't know. I've had my wisdom teeth taken out and I've had a few surgeries. It's fun, you know, just getting to say whatever you want and then not remembering and being told, you know, the next day. It's an experience. This video has 143 million views. OG YouTube humor will forever be this. But I'm excited to see what else we're going to get into. Moving over to TikTok, I think people are a little more personal. I think my cat wants to see out. Hold on. Here you go, buddy. Imagine there wasn't a screen and I was just like, be free cat at all. You know what I mean? Calling my husband daddy in front of our kids. Daddy, can you give me a Coke? What? Oh, hell, you know, man. You going to call your dad by his name? Oh my gosh. What did you just say? >> you talking about. Can you give me a Coke, daddy? Who asked him for the Coke? No. I just said baby, like you usually do. When do you ever say that? Daddy, give me two Cokes. She's She's going in, not the kids leaving. What you guys doing? What are you guys doing? My favorite part of this is that their walls are lined with home family photos. Everything you see at a local HomeGoods. Honestly, I can't imagine my parents saying daddy. Ooh. I don't know if they've heard about the closed door policy, but you don't really need to talk about these things in front of your kids. What made you think of that? Like wanting to say that in front of them. Like what? What staples body? Oh god, lock in y'all. So divas, we're going on an adventure today cuz you want to know about planners. You want to talk about planners. My personal favorite, little pricey, little bit. These refillable ones are so tea cuz you can get so many fun like inserts for them. Okay. So many different inserts and they got fun sizes. I love me a mini little notebook. Mini little notebook planner, hello. I love the people that have these little hyper fixations. Like what do you mean your favorite thing in the world is just a notebook and planners? This is the kind of planner I'm currently using. It goes in my little tiny purse and mine's actually botanicals as well and it's very cute. It's very slay. I want to see this baddie's planner cuz from what I'm gathering, it's organized, it's colorful, it's fun. Wait, I'm sorry. The cover of this next one's a little alarming. >> You know I'm sexy. Dare I say the green M&M? On a random Tuesday. Yeah, the comment section did not disappoint. We have that that photo. The Emoji Movie. Oh no, it reached other countries. I don't know what this means. To me it's just giving green M&M diva. This might be niche, but do y'all remember when Mario Kart had competition with M&M? Yeah, graphics were not very good, but you know what? On the DS we don't care. I low-key want to kick it up a notch. So this one was sent to me by a friend. The caption is send this to someone who is gay. What? Let's see what it is. Send this to someone who's gay. Hey little gay boy or girl. They/them more like slay/slam. So happy I know you. Really, really proud of everything you're doing for the gay community. I love when you kiss other girls or kiss other boys and it's very, very cute to watch. I wish I could be gay just so that me and you could be in love. Okay. You know, the worst part is I genuinely get sent this from like seven to 10 friends anytime they come across that. Yep, it's to me. Okay, I don't know who King Curtis is. You can do it. Just crack it. Definitely no cheese in a can. Very happy to be throwing this away. Bacon. No, I want my bacon. I got to tell you something. Bacon is good for me. She thinks I have the blue, she's a smart little girl that she can do whatever she wants. No. That's not how she can do it in our family. She's acting like she's the queen and we're the sorry people. >> [music] >> Ooh. Ooh. Joey, I have been nice to you, but now I'm coming to the edge. >> I promise you one thing, okay? If you do not have at least one food that you like, I will buy you a piece of junk. Is that a deal? >> No, I keep losing at deals and I don't want to make a deal anymore. I am leaving and you can't stop me. I'm packing my bags. And going where, girl? The daycare? Honestly, I'm kind of here for him. He's a big personality in that little body. Curtis. I won't be coming back until Saturday when you leave. She's going to try to stop me, but she can't run those little high heels. Wait, I'm sorry. Imagine being contracted to go clean out a fridge and you have a little kid like King Curtis just next to you the entire time, dragging your character, dragging your shoes. Okay, I went to a Christmas play and this little girl roasted her mom. How bad can it be? >> Have you ever used any bad words like bah or humbug? She says bad words. Not at the PG-rated Christmas party. Oh my god. If I was that mom, I would have walked away. Don't even remember why I was filming, but now I'm embarrassed. Girl, wait. You're eating this up. Oh, there is a kid. Oh my god, not the side eye. Is that it though? I think there's something staring at me through that window. Just imagine like looking back at the video and just being like, oh. Yeah, I hold space for that one. I think this is a construction fail. How bad can it be? Oh girl, honestly, I wouldn't do much better myself. Props to you. I hope your head's okay. What I would say to celebrities if I saw them on the street. If it's Chappell Roan, I wouldn't. I would run. Hey Eric, what would you say to Sydney Sweeney if you saw her on the street? [music] Sydney, girl. Get her, girls. What would you say if you saw Olivia Rodrigo on the street? What would you say? Olivia, what's going on, girl? It's been a minute. Girls, get her. Hey Eric, if you saw Sabrina Carpenter on the street, what would you say? Uh this is what I would say to them. Sabrina, short and sweet, girl. What the hell? Girls, get her. Eric, what would you do if you saw Chappell Roan? Are we Are we trying to kidnap? Oh my god, it's Chappell. Wait. Oh my gosh. Okay, I would I would go. Chappell, I'm not a stalker. Don't worry. So, I have some questions. Like what does your basement look like? And why are we getting them? Like for an autograph, a photo, or what? Aw. Wait, this one says Merry Christmas. I am very proud of myself and all of my other friends inside my class. And my class is is really sweet except one little boy. >> [laughter] >> And I need to tell you something. Wait, get her back on the mic. Who's the boy? She said, I love everyone except for Michael. That would be me. Honestly, I remember I did a solo in elementary school and I messed it up so I just started rapping gibberish. Yes. But you know what? Nobody knew, I think. Came home to find her waiting in the bath for me. >> I was expecting a lot of things. A cat, a dog, a baby, even a significant other. Was not expecting a toaster. What's the number for like help? Isn't there like a mental health phone number? I think you should call them. Okay, next. My 9-year-old was injured at school. Her classmate her a card. Obviously, I don't condone violence. What? I will deal with him. Aw, what a bestie. Failed bowling. Wait, I'm not even going to lie to you guys. I'm craving, itching even to go bowling. None of my friends want to go. I don't know what they have a fear of. Like it's just a ball that you stick your fingers in. Anyways, uh here's a bunch of fails. Oh. You're supposed to let go. Okay, maybe not like that. Oh my god. I need I need to go touch something. Grass. Okay, we're done. We're done. We're done. Yeah, you know, maybe this is why my friends don't want to go bowling with me. Little trauma bonding? Maybe go to the ER after? Happy 10-year anniversary to the funniest thing that's ever happened to me. Mhm, we'll see about that. Ooh, no, not helium. Okay. Hello. >> I want to >> Okay, sounds like a normal helium. Oh, be careful girl, you're going to pass out. Oh, she's doing all of that. Uh-oh. Okay, I'm sorry girl, but you signed yourself up for that one. She did the whole balloon. Yeah, he was so nervous I wouldn't date him because of our height difference. It can't be that bad. You call him baby because he is one. It's Photoshop. It has to be. This is AI, girl. You know what? Short kings deserve love, too. Amen. Amen. I have free will. I'm boiling a TV. Y'all can't stop me. Why? What did What did the TV do to you? I would love to like know what happened 20 minutes before this was filmed. Like what was your headspace? And also, I think the wife is just sitting there with her hands crossed watching. Nobody ever talks about how hard it is being a ribs guy and a balloon artist. Kill. Kill. We're done. We're done. Girl, that is not No, I need to go like cleanse myself. I am hydraulic part 26. Is this someone's forehead? Oh. Oh, hi. Um humans really do have free will. Who took the pants off the mannequin? What What? I'm interested. I will say bonus points for the creativity. Can't say I've ever thought of doing that. What's this one? Every strand of my baby's hair What? was once in my belly. Um What What do you mean? It's giving I am Hannah Montana. It's always Walmart. Someone took a bite Oh my god. Crumble made a deodorant and someone bit it. To be fair, it's trust love trust flavor and I love that. I don't know who was desperate enough to nibble their deodorant and then to leave it cap off. You know, I'm starting to realize just how big the internet is. Like my little tiny corner, it's cute. It's petite. From what I've seen today, I don't need to explore. Dora, you got that? I'm going to choose the comfort of my own personal oasis. If you enjoyed this video and want to see more styles, please comment what I should react to cuz I don't know. I did this one myself and I'd love to have your input. But you know I'm going to be back with a brand new video next week, so stay tuned. Until next time, peace out girl scout. It's actually so sad I'm never going to get to be a girl scout. I had to do boy scouts. You know how to tie a fisherman's knot? I forgot.

  Top Comments:
  1. @squiggle-x5x [1 likes]: 0:06 clock it diva
  2. @CrimsonFox83 [1 likes]: carter you gave me the courage to come out as a lesbian. Thank you
  3. @Happydandysworldplayer [1 likes]: it is currently 3am
  4. @adishalovette8146 [1 likes]: You need to do funny dog voice overs
  5. @johannaplummer1107: 5:34 CLOCK IT
  6. @3v3LYN-p4f: 8:49 Suicide thoughts or do they js love their toaster?? 😭
  7. @josephineburdon3001: Chappelle roan is my fav singer
  8. @littlecutecat4738: omg curtis
  9. @LaylaPrest: Can you react to but whopping
  10. @haydiesworld: 2:25 “daddy…ooh..” DADDY OOHHHHHHHH
  11. @JijibigfanBerg: Laro benz yeah
  12. @Amelia-v4h6o: Gooood mooorningggggggggggggg
  13. @MiaGarcia-z7q: Not the glass breaking
  14. @RaelynBoseker-r9g: The "GOOOOOODMOOOOOOOORRRRNIIIIIIIIIG" is giving present mic from mha
  15. @GGRIDESPONIES: “𝓖𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓞𝓓 𝓜𝓞𝓡𝓝𝓘𝓝𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖𝓖 𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐𝓐-” 0:04
3:52 “it says send this to somebody who’s gay” *stares 👁️ 👄 👁️ *
“Oooooo…. OoooOoooO… OOoOOOOooOoooO….” 4:54 
6:33 “how bad can it be?” *jaw drops*
7:34 “soooo, I have some questions. What dose ur basement look like?” *shows the most manky, disgusting room EVER* 

9:22 “ur suppose to let go- ok maybe not like that.” *flinches aggressively *

*falls over as carter laughs so hard he can’t even make a noise* 10:17 

10:55 “IM BOILING A TV! YALL CANT STOP ME!” 
“Why? What did it do to you?”

11:29  “is this someone’s forehead? O-oh! Hai!”

Please like this is took me forever-
  16. @Itzmocha-s6m: ILL GO BOWLING W YOU!
  17. @Pro.Showman: Had to turn my volume down lol
  18. @R4ND0M_V1DS-x9w: 6:49 hey I love Chappell roan
  19. @Itsmesameehaa_25: 6:14  6:23  GURL I THINK THAT'S MY FRIENDS LIL COUSIN-
  20. @YaritzaReyes-o8y: I am packing my bag and you can't stop me meme is funny

- Italians reacting to VIRAL TIKTOK videos: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] liation is this real or cake real or cake that's a cake I know it I think it's real SPH spaghetti ketchup Italian McDonald's oh my God mozzarella and tomato that's right yes this is what we got it's still hot they just made it so good approved yeah I really like Bretta it's breta I also love mozzarella but it's mozzarella mozzarella also pistachio ice cream pachio my friend that's us what why would you buy a cake like that I don't know so you can train and eat cake at the same time I want to do the same workout I bet you're going to get hungry by the end of this video okay but I don't like pasta this may look like a popsicle but it's actually not it's soap when I ran it under the water got super that's a family the sounds of pasta if pasta makes this sound it means that it's really well done that sounds like that's enough it's okay it's enough today we're in Italy making Margarita Pizza it's margarita start with any frozen pizza pizza you add 1 oz of Reposado tequila lime juice I'm Chef SCS and I how can you be a chef not approved there are kids of this app oh that's her boot what that's the Italian flag what are you doing now but no you're ruining the flag okay not approved it's concerning how fast my dog inhal salami you have a choice to either give up or keep going don't give up didn't know hot chocolate in Italy was this thick so th approved today we are going to learn a new Italian word everybody in the comment section kept saying how good this meat was of course that's good that's foro I just threw it on the stove and let no don't cook it kind of have my whole house this was disgusting thanks that's wasting not approved let's right peanut butter coffee I can taste the peanut butter it's not bad at all approved this is the biggest mle in ROM such a beautiful moment you can literally get lost here this may look like a burger but it's actually not it's soap from the Patty to the Tomato to the lettuce even the pickle leave people alone okay impressive eggs I can do it to do this getting intense five egg okay this has to be the a mess that's a big please don't cook ever again and this is how you do it how to tell when your spaghetti is done rate my white trash pasta rate your pasta but that's sorry you deserve some jail time which mask had the best egg let's see Benny the bll that was actually pretty good rocky rocky was okay Casey wolf that was a little too shaky TD no the first was the best one why are you making the water blue I think it's the first time that we see blue pasta in this channel who's going to eat that pasta as blue pasta not approved why is he putting the pasta on air that's disgusting not approved my doctor said I have to start eat more fruit so I figured pineapple pizza will work right if pineapple and pizza is a SE Pizza pineapple is a double SC

  Top Comments:
  1. @mpgalaura2774 [1 likes]: 2:30 pov school food😂😂
  2. @TheInsideAntShow [1 likes]: 0:01
  3. @XBRUIZ [1 likes]: 6:12 You deserve some jail time
  4. @XBRUIZ [1 likes]: 5:35 Mamma mia what is that?. One pot pasta is just a mess. That's a big MAPPAZZONE. Please don't cook ever again
  5. @XBRUIZ [1 likes]: 5:17 Leave that people alone
  6. @XBRUIZ [1 likes]: 4:44 That's wasting. Not approved
  7. @Karaboboleu: This is like one of the most lion field funniest moments ever seen in my life 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  8. @duhaaljandal8273: Mamma Mia, what is that?
  9. @johnnygreen9614: 6:55 the Pizza-Pineapple Song
  10. @SaifMandozai: 3:56 even the devil would remind me to not to eat this
  11. @FajarRizkiBachsinar: 0:08 lillie AAAAAAHHHHHH
  12. @bikram9263: 0:08 this part was sad. The hamster wanted to be an Italian😢
  13. @Puspa-ke4sl: Pov:when you saw a hamter die 😲✌️
  14. @marjoriecorte7342: Spaghetti on a million 0:26
  15. @jorgeramirez-perez4395: 😂 1:48
  16. @Fabienne23715: (✿╹◡╹)ﾉʰᵉˡˡᵒ♡৻(  •̀ ᗜ •́  ৻)ʸᵃʸ!!!ˆ > ₃ < ˆ🫶🩷
  17. @Khayreddine2007: ‏‪0:06‬‏ ❤
  18. @gg-yq1gt: Cole the Italian place in 😢
  19. @BelloBakir225: 😢😢😢😢😢
  20. @DelowarHossain-d9c: 0.15 is not cake real i talk is spaghetti

- Reacting to Viral TikToks About Me.. **spilling tea**: Kind: captions Language: en Being a YouTuber is one of the best things in the world and has given me a life I could have never imagined. But sometimes the life of an online influencer can come with a cost. Haters, doubters, and critics, just to name a few. But of course, there's a whole other side to all of this. All of the amazing supporters, the fans, and last but not least, the ones who make edits of me on TikTok. Some days they make me look like a hero, and other days they turn me into a cringe meme. But I love it all because I know that at the end of the day, it's all love. So that's why today I'll be reacting to all of the best and most viral Tik Toks of me. Oh, and don't think my family is safe either because we'll be spilling all the tea by reacting to all of the good, bad, and ugly Tik Toks about all of us. Let's get into it. All right, guys. So, I have saved so many viral Tik Toks over the last few months just for this specific video. And remember, it's not just Tik Toks about me. I'm actually going to be going to some of my family's houses and reacting to some of the viral ones about them with them. All right, first one. You need to try it with me. But I have gum in my mouth. Oh, you can spit it out. What? Yo, Lexi, what did you just do? Why did you do that? Why did you put my gum in your mouth? I love peach trees as it is. And then it just goes to a full-blown Lexi Rivera edit. Hey, this went super viral. This has 223,000 likes where, you know, Lexi ate my gum. I'm not going to lie, a lot of my friends sent me that Tik Tok and they're like, "Wait, did she actually eat your gum?" That was not my real gum, guys. That That was not my real gum. She had another piece of gum in her palm. So, when I spit mine out, yes, I spit my gum out into her palm, but the one she put in her mouth was her piece of gum. So, she actually didn't chew my gum. Man, that was a good one. Next video. I just found this video of FaZe rug in his prime. Here we go. What's your name? Brian. Dora. My name is Brian. Brian. Hey, hold up. Why is she ignoring me? Hey Rug. She asked me what my name is. I said it and she just stopped talking. Why are you looking at me like that, dude? So, this was back when I moved into my old house in like 2017 and me and Anthony used to make skits all the time and we thought a Dora one would be funny. Do you guys see a giant rug sign behind me? Huh? I can't hear you. Okay. No, that was cringe. That That was bad. That was bad. Okay. These are my favorite Tik Toks that I see. It's Faze Rug Core. So, they find funny moments and compile it into one video. Let's see what this is. Sorry, dude. Come on. All right, at least wait till we're like a minute into the video before starting these shenanigans. Here comes the yapping. Bro, can I try something? Here comes the yapping. We all know as soon as Brandon opens his mouth, yapatron. Okay, just for context here, guys, whenever I'm in Brandon's videos, they are extremely rated R. And Brandon always tries to get me to say rated R things in his videos, and I always feel uncomfortable cuz I'm like, "Bro, stop. like you're putting me in an awkward situation. But the funny thing is you guys love when I'm in those videos because you're like, "Oh, Rug is acting different. I love this type of rug." More of like that edgy rug. Cancel Brian. We're trying to cancel You hear what he said? We're trying to cancel Brian. Obviously, it's all jokes, but like that's the funny part about being in their videos. Oh, we didn't cheer. Sometimes I let those out in Brandon's videos cuz I'm like, you know what? I don't care. This is Brandon's channel. This is what Brandon wants me to do. I'll do it for him. In the donut. Why are you lying to us? No, there is. Yo. Hey. Hey. He a liability to film with the Santa Claus donut. This was me after 9 months. Okay, that was a good one. I'm not going to lie, that was a funny face. Me, Brandon, and Anthony together, you already know it's going to be a banger video. All right, Kaylin. Yes. You ready? I'm ready. Remember we did this video like 5 years ago? Yeah. The old old house. The old old house. The first house you bought by yourself, right? When you what? When you what? Oh, I love this. I can't wait for something nice for you. Yeah. [Music] Got it. Okay, guys. Well, looks like we're going to take up the vlog. Kaylin, I'm sorry. When we slept in the treehouse. Oh my god. We've done so many videos. Like, anything you can think of, I've probably done. Definitely. And like this is the evolution of Kayn and Brian. Some of these are so old. Mhm. That's so old. I think that's your first ever video. No, maybe. I don't remember. Oh my god. Ew. That did not hurt me. What was I trying to kiss in the air? That was a good Tik Tok. Yeah, I like that one. That was really cute. All right, guys. I'm here with my beautiful parents, Mama Rug and Papa. Okay. How often do you guys go on Tik Tok and see different edits of everyone? Every day. Almost every day, So, I found some of the most viral Tik Toks about us. Let's react. Okay. Oh, no way. That's the first one. Um, notice where we're sitting right now. It's in the same exact spot that we did this challenge, guys. This is the spicy gum challenge where gum almost took out Papa Rug. Yeah. If I have a chance to do it again, I'll do it again. Dad, no. Come on. No, I won't. Okay. Okay. Here. Let's watch this. Ready? I told my dad he doesn't have to do this. I want to do it. He wants to actually try. Oh my god. Well, that escalated quickly. Yeah. I don't remember. I got picked up by that. Okay, so Dad, we already talked about this. So, if you guys didn't know, I did a spicy gum challenge. Papa Rug taken on a stretcher to the hospital because we thought that something terrible happened to him. But Mama Rug was there as well. We never got her perspective on it. But me and my mom were in their room where Papa Rug was literally laying on the floor like just screaming of pain. He wasn't screaming. He stopped doing anything. Yeah. At one point he actually just went silent and me and my mom looked at each other. We're like, "Is this it?" Like there's no way. There's no way Gum did this. So called the paramedics. They came and picked up my dad and thank God he was good. The scariest day of our life. I felt so bad for Ron but I felt more bad for Brian. How bad you were so terrified. You were shaking. You were thinking it's your fault blaming yourself. I go take it easy. He's going to be okay. Deep inside I didn't think he was going to be okay because he was so cold. Guys, all those like spicy challenges I recommend you stay away from. Like the intense ones, like the one chip, like anything that says like, "Oh, can you handle this heat?" I don't think you should try it. All right, Jessica. Yes. Hi. We got some viral Tik Toks to go over. Okay, let's see what we have first. First Tik Tok. The knockoff Kardashians are here. Kardashians from Wish. Hey, wait. Why did that 35,000 likes for calling you Kardashians from Wish is crazy? I think you guys are like up to par with them in my opinion. Why? Cuz we're three girls and we're You guys are pretty. A Brian, I mean, come on, bro. Thirst trap. [Laughter] Oh. Like, dude, you have real fans. Like, isn't that cool to know that someone compiled a bunch of videos of yours and turned it into a cool? Yeah. Yeah, that is cool. And it's cute. Like, it goes with the song. It makes you like me more, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Shout out to Rug is my boyfriend. wait. Look at the profile picture of me and you. She really loves you then. Let me know, dude. Yo, you hit that. Let me know. I love you, Anthony. There are some Tik Toks we got to react to. Have you seen viral Tik Toks about you? Me? Yeah. I thought about you. I don't have no viral Tik Toks. I don't know. Let's find out. Let's see. I'll be sick. What did you What did she even say? Dude, she was cussing me out. Call me a bando and I'm not a bando. I don't know what that is. I I think things might go back to normal. I think she was the one causing everything. Did she I remember that. The band Joe. That was my first time calling someone a band Joe. Dude, are you stupid? What? When you take a picture with face rug, Sherman gets sad. Hey bro, salty German is the goat. Hey rug didn't. I was so shocked they took a picture with me. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Why do I look like that, dude? Like I actually look like I'm like I'm displeased. He does this all the time. Dude, never in a million years would I think I, Brian Aadis, would have a thirst trap made of them. But here we go. It says, "Who do you even watch when you're eating your food?" And it says me. Just give me my money. She want me back. Wait, am I bad? Like, I'm actually confused. Am I valid, guys? Like, be honest. Like, even to all my guy supporters out there, like, am I good-looking? Like, am I a valid human? Am I ugly? Like, I don't I don't know. All I know is that I'm confident in myself. Back then, I wasn't confident. But in the last few years, you got to feel confident in your own skin, guys. Like seriously, I'm not not even trying to turn this like super inspirational, but who cares what people think about you? As long as you're comfortable in your own skin, that is all that matters. Okay, this next one, I was asked what the worst collab I've ever done was, and I answered it without saying a name, and this is what happens. He starts pointing at his wrist. He's like, "We got to start. I got to be out of here in a few." Disrespect was crazy to actually point at your wrist that didn't have a watch. I keep getting tagged in this video, and I think I just have to explain myself. Um, I have a w I have like I have watches. So, Rug was explaining the story about how like a influencer showed up to his house and was being extremely disrespectful saying that that they were on a time crunch, but in reality they just had to go to this like festival and party their ass off. It does all all signs do point to me, but that that this story is not about me. He actually texted me and told me who it was. It's I don't am I am I allowed to say who it is? I don't know if I'm allowed to say it, but I'm I'm just You know what, Rug? I love you. I'm just gonna say it. It's Spicy Cam. So, guys, you can stop tagging me in this. And whoever Spicy Cam is, just just humble yourself a little bit, buddy. Chat. Oh my gosh. Y'all know me. I never want to get involved in any drama. No beef, none of that stuff. So, whenever I get asked juicy questions, I never want to air anyone's name out. That's just who I am as a person. I never want someone to get hate. I never want to get stirred up in some like little drama. So, I always avoid saying the name. When that clip went viral, I texted Bryce Hall the link of the viral Tik Tok where people were assuming it was Bryce Hall. Everyone was commenting saying, "Oh, it has to be Bryce Hall. It has to be Bryce Hall." I texted him and I was like, "Yo, people are commenting your name. That's so foul." He's like, "Oh, who was it?" And I said, "Oh, it's just this guy. His name's Spicy Cam. He's a Tik Tocker." And he's like, "Oh, okay." And then little did I know, Bryce. Bryce was going to go online and just reveal that it was him. That's a very Bryce Hall thing to do. But I love Bryce. Like he's one of the funniest guys I've ever met and he's super super cool and also to Spicy Cam. I have to say this publicly. Spicy Cam apologized to me and I have no problem with him and I want him to get absolutely zero hate. Like it was something that was supposed to be kept private and even when I said who my worst collab was, I didn't mention his name. But then thank you Bryce. All love to everyone in the world man. I think he'll split too cuz he the sound. People like the sound. I know heart and I know she's going to put split. Stay here for like one extra hour. That's not a big deal. But if I could stay here all night by myself, I know you. You wouldn't do that. We split. How did you know I was Catherine? Because I know you. How do you know me? I don't know. I mean, we've only been in each other's life for like 20 years. Has it really been 20? Not really 20, but like a long time. Like at least like 9 years. Yeah, at least. I like how they take little clips from videos and turn them into edits. Uhhuh. I really do appreciate people that take the time out of their day to make fan edits of us. Like that's crazy to me. It's still cool. I love the fan edits. Grandma Rug asks for Kayn to Faze Rug. How cute. Boy, she won't forget me. and Brian Brian Brian Kayyn I'll cry yom is amazing I love her we have me and yom have like the best relationship we don't understand each other I don't know what she's saying and she doesn't know what I'm saying but we laugh so hard together but that's what makes it a good bond next up. Do you know what a thirst edit is? I don't. So, a thirst edit is when people like take clips of you, turn it into an edit cuz they think you're hot. So, there's a th There's a thirst edit of Papa Rug. Hey, Papa. Search for thirst at it. Don't get a big head. You're not. Hey. You're not. Mom. Hey. I don't want them to make edit of my husband being hot. It's cold as I mean I'm just kidding. puberty is not just this and your little bling on your teeth and Noah gain some weight. A woman and then it goes into an edit. Yo, that's fire. That crimson was such like a a nerve-wracking experience. Oh my gosh. You have to explain this. Sorry. How would your best friend Kayn describe you? This is crazy. Exit the room. No. Now you guys you guys were cringe. That was the most annoying thing we used to do together. Oh my gosh, I remember that, bro. But guys, if you didn't know, Jessica had a YouTube channel for like 2 months. I personally have always questioned why Jessica doesn't have a YouTube channel. I feel like you would kill it. Should I make one? Ask them. YouTube channel, guys. Oh, you know what DAP said? He said if you don't want to get older, you can literally just move your birthday. That's actually smart. Like my birthday. I'll be like, actually, I don't want to celebrate it till next year. He's definitely said smarter things. Yeah. No, for sure. That one is definitely like move your birthday. That is a fire idea. That's crazy that that went like kind of viral on TikTok cuz like you don't think about it, but you could just move it. You could just wake up on your actual birthday and say, "Hey guys, like we don't want to celebrate this year." I want you to wake up tomorrow and forget who I am. I just want you to forget I'm your cousin. Do you have a thirst edit? No, I don't. Bro, you're so annoying. I think you do. Look, you're a W man's for this, bro. I'm not going to lie. I was actually getting picked on by two kids and Anthony fought them for me. Bro, yo. Oh my god. What happened to Mullet Sherman? Yeah, dude. I just I chopped that thing off, dude. I had to get rid of it, bro. It's getting hot back. So good. Do you really like it? You know what's crazy? People have been telling me like to bring it back. You should multiple people, but it takes long, bro. Guys, oh my gosh, these nostalgic videos on Tik Tok. I'm sure you guys scroll on Tik Tok and it says like POV, it's 2007 Christmas morning. But someone made one about one of my videos. It says POV watching Faze Rug in 2016. And it was actually one of my first Christmas gifts opening videos. And I was at Jessica's house. Times were simpler. Life was different. Everything just felt different in 2016. But what's going on guys? Everyone say my intro. Go. Hey guys. And today we're going to be doing another vlog. Oh my gosh. It was rocking Jay and Jessica. I think this was Jay's first ever YouTube video cuz look at what I say. Just kidding. But we just I just arrived here at the house where we're going to be unboxing gifts. Jessica's Jessica's house. Junior. This is J. I don't think he's been in my videos. I said, "This is Junior. I don't think he's been in any of my videos." That's crazy. Like it just hits me so hard to think that, you know, I was just vlogging back then. And I'm like, "Oh yeah, like you know, just another day Christmas gifts opening. Here's Junior. Like this is Junior." I didn't think it was going to result into this. You know what I mean? Like it's it's one of those things that I think about where I'm like, damn. Like back then, I think I had like a million subscribers and then you fast forward 9 years later and I'm at 27.6 million subscribers. Like it's one of the craziest feelings ever. And that's why when I watch videos like this, I always tear up or I get emotional cuz I'm like, damn. After all those years, like I continue to grind. You guys continue to support me and it's just the coolest thing ever. All right, let's keep watching this. Sorry for interrupting. You guys remember him from surprising a fan with a Scuf controller? You guys are real. Let me show you guys how many gifts they have under the tree, by the way. Lots. Lots and lots. Dang. Jesus. And these are mine. Most of them are just like, "Oh my gosh." And then here are some comments. It's crazy that 2016 is about to be a decade. Oh my gosh. 2016 is about to be 10 years ago. 2016 was the greatest year of my life. I think 2016 was the greatest year of many people's lives. It's about to be 10 years ago. Oh my gosh, this definitely was an emotional one. Throwback to when I folded in front of Bratis. This is the funniest video. I don't know why this is the funniest thing ever, bro. Look at this. Some people spotted Brandon driving in his McLaren and they were hyped. And just listen to this. Hey, that's my boy. Hey. Hey. Yes, sir. Number one. Hey, where was the energy? He said, "Hey, hey, hey." Yes, sir. And then Brandon's like, Brandon's like hyped cuz he's recording for his story. I know exactly how he was feeling. That is one of the funniest Tik Toks, bro. Here comes the train. Like, you know, motivate me. Here comes the I said say here comes the train. You said here comes the airplane. Yeah. I don't cuz I was making it fly. And why did you roll your eyes? Because I think this is where you were like, "Look, dang, that looks nicer." The curls are on point. How do people do these edits? Like they're like different angles and it goes back and forth and it like the music and then the filter and it's like you know the Timothy Sha video. I don't know that. What? Oh my gosh. No. Right here. You don't know this? Dude, this was the most viral. Oh my gosh. Oh, this one's crazy. This is milestones. Look at the progression of FaZe Rug. Faze Rug here. And this is my thank you for 150,000 subscribers video. 150,000. Okay. Video. 400,000 subscribers. 600 subscribers. 1 million subscribers, dude. She's got three freaking million subscribers. 4 million subscribers. I remember those days. The celebration. 6 million. Oh, the 6 mill in the hospital. 8 million subscribers. Shout out to the Rugrats. 8 million subscribers. Like I recorded every million. 8 million million subscribers. Oh, you jumped from 9 to 20 and now it's a edit. Oh, that's so cool. I'm so proud of you. These edits are so cool. Like, it's like the fans actually take their time with it. Like, it seems like this took at least a day or two to make. Oh, this. Have you guys seen this? Not my house, but I know my way around. Do you get that? You know what? I feel emotional when I see this. Like people never been to our house. But from our videos, they know every room, every place in the house. Like I feel like anyone who watched our videos back then, if you walked into that house, you would know like, "Oh, Brian's room is that one. Brandon's room is there. Mama rug, papa rug there, the kitchen, living room." Like that's actually cool how just from one picture of the outside of our house, it just goes viral. Oh my god, this was crazy in real life. That was so crazy to experience in real life. Okay guys, so backstory. Jessica was filming with Brandon and a random lady told Brandon to get a life. Was that your first time encountering like a hater? A hater. Especially an old hater. Okay, let's see it. All of Costco is right here. Toilet paper. I had no idea. That shocked me. Did you know that? Get a life. Who cares? Get a life. Who cares what they sell? That's so discouraging to like young kids like us. Like young kids were 30. Yeah. Wait, hold up. If you're pushing 30, relax. You're about to be 30 years of age. Calm down. Calm down. Don't Don't react like this. Don't act like this. It's okay. We call Brandon Unk. I know. I'm older than Brandon. Auntie. Okay, guys. When I I've haven't encountered many haters in real life, but when you when you're filming a YouTube video and something like that happens, it really throws off your vibe. I was about to say it throws you off. Me and him could not stop thinking about it, talking about it. He just said like, "What did I do?" Why? Like you feel bad cuz And I'm like, "Dude, I I don't know. I've been in situations like that where I'm like, bro, like what the heck? Why did they say that?" And then like just everyone in my crew or like everyone around is like, "Who cares, bro? Like, just let it go." Like, it's not that easy to Guys, this next one I got so much hate for, bro. We have to address this. And I want to hear your opinion cuz we haven't talked about it since. This isn't my Christmas video. Okay. Take it out. Let me take it out. Okay. [Applause] Guys, I got hate for getting her a a hat. Bro, what do you think of that? What? You want me to comment on it? I mean, I'm just curious cuz I don't know why, guys. Like, I genuinely people were saying they feel they felt bad for Leslie for just getting a Louis Vuitton hat for Christmas. What I would say to that is like a lot of people go through things, especially on Christmas, um Leslie's just one of many. Like some people don't get any gifts, which I feel like that was basically almost like the same thing. Like she pretty much got nothing. I think I told you before I was like, "Yo, don't spend more on your gift to her than I spend." That's what I'm saying. It's not only about the price, but it's also like he didn't want to make me feel, you know, like in inferior. Can I just be honest? I thought a Louis Vuitton hat was sick for a gift. I think it's sick. Leslie actually loved it. Anthony, how can 300 lb be stuffed into a 57? That's crazy. Wait, this was the last to talk video. Hold on, Junior. You ate my mom. Hello. Why do you always dress like you were going to a funeral? That one definitely started a fight in the family. That one was bad. Hold on. Hold on. That one got personal. Oh, dude. I didn't even talk about this one publicly, but yeah, me and Willito got into some drama after I filmed the podcast with him cuz I did a podcast with Willito and there was some beef after that happened with like my producer and and Willito. Just listen. He actually explained it. Brings up uh he says Wendy and I say Wendy's balls in your mouth and and we laugh and the producer comes in he's like don't be don't be don't be disrespectful like that. Don't be doing that saying that like what you mean like we're just joking bro. Nah nah nah. And he like he grabs my shirt and bro's like, "Bro, chill out, bro." And then obviously my security comes in and be like, "You ain't gonna disrespect him in his own office, bro." And slaps him, bro. And it's on and it's on live, bro. I have the video on my phone. I'm about to record this. But hey, Rug, you know, I love you, dog, but hey, I'm really I'm walking rug. So, my producer got into a fight with like the security. I'm just kidding. I have no idea what Wito was talking about. Like, I I saw that go viral, guys. This has 152,000 likes for just a completely fake story after the podcast. Hey, huge shout out to Willito, though. He's killing it on Twitch. I want to collab with him soon. So, Willito, we got to make something happen. Well, I got exposed. And this Tik Tok has 90,000 likes. And I'm going to explain myself after I show you guys. I just realized why TF does it say 128 2025 but the video went up February 22nd 2025 almost 1 month later. I'mma hold your hand when I say this. When we film YouTube videos, we can't get them up the same day. So the date 128 is the day that we filmed the YouTube video and then I dropped it almost a month later because this video had so many different camera angles. It had a lot of different components to it that takes the editor a lot of time to edit and we want to perfect it and not rush it. So yeah, that's uh that's why it said 128. All right, guys. I thought the video was over, but I woke up. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. This is the most viral thing I've ever seen. Not even just on Tik Tok, but on YouTube shorts. Wait, what is this? It was eating YouTubers last meals. Don't even need to say anything. And Jake Paul's last meal was this. I woke up this morning and I had one more final meal request from a fellow boxer and creator. Let's see what his meal would be. Uh, my last meal would be to eat some. That was funny. Mhm. Dude, honestly, W Jake Paul, cuz that's a fire ass last meal. Pause. And I didn't know. Okay, now it actually is getting hot. Well, this is worse than that. Have you ever done the debris while we're home? I mean, you snuck a girl. Oh my gosh. Yo, this is a Faze rug channel, guys. No, I haven't done that. My What? Ooh. No, that's tough. Oh, that transition. That was a good one. Oh my gosh. Whoever did this, that's got to be my favorite fan edit of all time. Son AE prep. Oh my gosh, he has so many of you. You like me like that? Thank you. What's going on in your love life, buddy? I am dating a girl and like I keep it off the internet because when it was on the internet, it was stressful. Horrible. Kaylin and I are no longer together. The breakup video we made fake. We did not break up. People will know. If you know, you know, like that I'm dating this girl. But why did they put that picture that you broke up with? First of all, why did they put that? That's Can we clarify something? So, when I went on Roman Atwood's podcast, I said our breakup video was fake. And it wasn't fake. It was just to add like a shock factor to the podcast. But in reality, when Kayn and I made that breakup video, it was legit. Like, we actually stopped talking and we really broke up. But then when I went on the podcast, I think that's when me and you started talking again. So I was like, "Okay, like I'm just going to say it's fake because we're already talking again." Although it wasn't it wasn't fake. And a lot of people like really stick to that. Those tears were real. That time era was real. We did break up. We did split up. We did rekindle, but we did break up. Yeah. I just think like it got it got very confusing because of the podcast and what I said and I don't know, the internet sometimes can be stressful. I'm not going to lie. And it's hard when you're on a podcast cuz like it's a podcast. Like you say something, that's it. You're talking to the green. Okay. It's building up. Building up. Dude, Papa Rug at the greatest gritty of all time. Okay, so there's another Papa Rug edit. Have you ever wished that part of my body was bigger than what? Dude, I can't even hear this. you said a BBL wouldn't hurt. Oh my gosh. I didn't say that. Or was it was it AIDed? It was AI. AI. Now you can blame things on AI. Yeah, guys, it was AI. Trust. back when FaZe Rug first introduced Amanda. Just the fact that this was filmed, it was just such a normal interaction. Like, it was just when I would record everything. Look at this. This is crazy. Hey, it's Amanda. What's up? She's back from school. Meet Amanda, my future roommate. Maybe future wife as well. Oh, yeah. Guys, this is Jessica's sister. You guys know Jessica? Who's cuter? I say Jessica. Yo. Yo, the fact that first off Brandon said I say Jessica. Okay, so hold on. A lot to dissect here. A lot. So that was Amanda's first appearance on my channel. Crazy. I introduced her as Jessica's sister because I think we had done our first video prior to that. Okay, so I said she's my future roommate, maybe. And then Amanda said future wife as well. We're just like that. We're very close ass family. We don't mean it literally, but we just talk like that. I don't know why I said my future roommate. Were me and Amanda supposed to live with each other? Well, that's what I was going to say. Did you have like a house plan or something? Like that was Oh, that was too early. Like, I don't think so. Guys, let me know if you were watching my videos since 2015. Can you believe 2015 was a decade ago? I don't want to remember. 10 years. I don't like that. Now, 10 years from now, I'm going to say, "Can you believe 2025 was a decade ago?" You're going to be 40. Exit. Oh, I broke your stairs, bro. Flashbang. That was Guys, dude. No. I don't know why I did that. What was I thinking? Laughs and money. You lost $50,000. Staircase is 50 racks. No, but realistically, a small piece is like I think that actually would be like a cool like $2,000 because you got to think about it. If they don't weld it, they got to get a new piece. No, that is true. I'm an expensive cousin. You are, bro. It was hard to take care of. Go. Go. Hey, I'm going to be straight up with you right now. I can't afford this. At least you're honest. Every time that I like Brian was like laying there laughing. Oh, bro. Every time I blink, bro, is my checking account like right in my face, bro. Like, scared. God, I just money language. Wait, you know Ryan's rich when something like this happens and he starts dying laughing. Mhm. Is it red velvet, chocolate, vanilla, dude? Brandon, does it say eggs? Yo, Brandon is an absolute dumb, bro. Two, three. You like that? I don't know why. I think the sound effects is what made this funny. That was crazy. Baze Rug is proud and shocked that Adapt has 15K viewers on Twitch. What's crazy? Like I just realized, are you guys got 400,000 likes? Look, I'm literally getting teeyed. Is that crazy? Is that freaking crazy? Like I have so much freaking love for Adapt. I genuinely he is my best friend till the day we die. Like in the afterlife. I love Adapt, man. I met him 14 years ago. Always been a real one. Always looked out for me. Always gave me the best advice. Always been there for me when I needed him. Just such a genuine dude in general. And I just am so happy for him because he is killing it on Twitch right now. in my opinion, top three streamers right now. Top three easily. FaZe Adapt. And I couldn't be more proud of him because, you know, he's uh he's definitely been through a lot. He's been through some ups, but he's been through a lot of downs. And he's in his second arc right now, and he fully deserves it. If there's anyone in this world that deserves it, it's Adapt. I love you till the day I die, bro. Thank you for always just looking out for me and just being there for me. And you already know I got your back anytime, bro. Hey guys, I got my cousins here and they're huge fans of Faze Rug. You guys want me to call Faze Rug right now? Here we go. We're calling Face Rug. Why did you come close? That is a crazy one. That's a crazy one. Oh my gosh. I can't believe this was a trend on Tik Tok, guys. My song Going Live became a trend where you're doing the phase rug walk. Either the food's so good, you hit the phase rug, or in this case, it's when the text is so risky, you got to do the phase rug walk. Send that text and walk away from the phone. Don't check that phone. I can't believe this became a trend, bro. That was so sick. When they wonder why I'm not answering, but I'm just a chill guy who's probably watching Faze Rug while he eats. I mean, I mean, that's the best way to do it. I'm sorry, but if you need something to watch when you're eating your food before it gets cold, cuz I've been there, man. I've been there. I get my meal and then I'm just scrolling through YouTube. Who do I watch? Who do I watch? What do I watch? By the time I find something, my food is freezing cold. Look no further because if you click on my channel, you will find tons of different types of content. To anyone who's out there who watches my videos while they eat, thank you. That's one of the best compliments ever. Actually, in 2025, some people don't get married till they're like 34, 35. I'm only 29. I'm not even 30. Bro, you're you're now the fact that my dad said, "Bro, you're now. You're going to get married. Listen, how old are you? 29. You're expired already." Expired is crazy. Wait, that's a good Yeah, because I'm going to start saying that. I'm going to start telling Brandon he's expired. Mom, do you know how many fan edits you have of you? Oh, you know how many I like? Thank you. I really appreciate it. Anybody I see like Dad, look at this one. Don't know. Mom, you look really good. You look really good. That's awesome. That's a good edit, actually. Bro, stop. This was bad. No, no, no. This was bad. We were so scared to get cancelled. I was so mad at this, bro. Oh my god, guys. I told Brian that I told Brian, "Dude, there's a guy in the hospital that um wants you to shout him out. If you could say like Jason Jason, like if you could just say that you appreciate appreciate the support." And normally Brian's really good with it. He'll always do it, but this time I was trying to make a point to my video. I was trying to make Brian laugh while he said it. And in a serious situation, but what you guys don't know is it took like 5 minutes. He kept doing it right. And then I kept stopping and saying just re redo it so I can make him laugh. I was looking at him like it's like make him laugh. And dude, it was bad. Dude, look at this guys. Look at this. Also, real quick before we get started, I want to give a huge shout out to Jason who's in the hospital. He watches all of our videos. Also, before we get started, I want to give a huge shout out to Jason who's in the hospital. Also, we want to give a huge shout out to Jason who's watching from the hospital. He watches all of our videos. Look at your face. You are so get battered. Get the batter. We want to give a huge shout out to Jason who's watching from the hospital. He watches all of our videos. So we And real quick, we just want to give a huge shout out to Jason avalanche. And real quick, we just want to Hold on. Ready? And real quick, we just want to give And before we get started, And real quick, guys, before the video and just like I Guys, it just snowballs out of control. That is not fair, guys. Dude, and Brian was so scared after. He's like, "Bro, like people will like think I was laughing at the guy." And I'm like, "Bro, there is no guy in the hospital, bro." Yeah, but that's a crazy thing to joke about. And I said, "What if he just had a sprained thumb?" That is indeed true. I was like, "Here we go." Like, one one shout out to Jason. Ready? Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Ready? You want You want to say it? I'll start it off. You roll it along. Okay, I got it. Okay. And guys, real quick. All right. Ready? I promise you I'm not going to laugh. I promise. No, we're good now. Um, and real quick to Jason, if you're still there in the hospital, if you're still breathing, we just want to say like Yeah. Um, we know it got serious and we just want to say really joke. That's it. I promise you. Here we go. Here we go. And real quick, we heard that Jason is out there in the Oh my gosh. I'm not going to laugh if I laugh. Promise you I will pay you $1,000 if you don't laugh. I will I will close my YouTube channel if I laugh. Okay. Well, you're going to close it. I'm going to make you laugh. Here we go. Ready? And real quick, we heard Jason is in the hospital and we really, really do feel bad and we really hope that you come out of this and recover quickly. And thank you so much for watching. I All right, that's it. I'm

  Top Comments:
  1. @OfficialchannelofConnorMc [2 likes]: 10 years later now 28.9 million subscribers ❤ 17:12
  2. @alejandraocaranza-e5f [1 likes]: ALEX 11 HJJFJHV    KIN  LMDN NMMDMNM MKCN J    MMD JMC C L;DOEMNN ODEN KD
  3. @heysellavelar9620: Almost at 30 mill 😃
  4. @daniellelouise4175: YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  5. @Rantgaming-w9k: Reacting to Viral TikToks About Me.. *spilling tea*
  6. @realsharkfn: jasontheween
  7. @SkinaHayyat: 9:39 you are hot
  8. @Lily_bunny-s6x: Do ya know asher?
  9. @fishyBRO89: Who even hates faze carpet bro😭
  10. @myriammotlak8403: 13:47 hes cold af got me rolling W mama rug
  11. @Maryam-n9e: pls pin me
  12. @emilyzuercher5464: I was born in 2016
  13. @tristanbartolome4066: Stop lyeing un
  14. @BashNavarro-r7y: For pushing 30 you look young
  15. @blushpink_bunii: Brian u look great
  16. @Michael-Hacker: Dude if I was a girl I'd pass out just looking at you but I'm a guy myself and I got to say you're pretty hot
  17. @MisterJoker67Skivbidi: why is brandon not included
  18. @Christian-g3v5v: w faze rug $$$$$
  19. @Christian-g3v5v: love the vids
  20. @lauraoconnor2688: WHY WOULD HE CHUG THE LEMON JUICE 💀