- Should You Change Thumbnails After Posting? #AskSean: Kind: captions Language: en so if you have a video on your YouTube channel that's having a lot of success should you actually change the thumbnail or title to have it have more success a good question came in from cooking with the shaw they started a Baking Channel about two months ago one of the videos got 11,000 views and theyve kind of changed of branding since then wondering should I change my thumbnail to make it look like all the other ones or just leave it alone and I think we could summarize this up with saying if it ain't broke don't fix it and so yes brand colors new thumbnails strategy but if one video is performing and it's still performing man let that thing go and I think people kind of overestimate brand colors and they get all into that stuff when sometimes different is better than better like a thumbnail that you don't love the way it looks it looks kind of weird but those are the ones that work CU it kind of gets attention so if you pivot your strategy great but I would say don't mess with it the second tip though is there's this thing called split testing and I know YouTube is rolling out the chance to split test three thumbnails on new YouTube videos but you can even do this manually and when a video is having great success sometimes you can have it have even more success by pivoting the thumbnail and all you have to do is measure the Impressions the video is getting in the last seven days so YouTube's showing it to in your case to a 100 people a day or a thousand people a day and click through rates 5% so a certain number click on it and watch it well if you pivot one thing pivot the title if you pivot one thing pivot the thumbnail and then Impressions go from a th000 a day to 1300 a day day then just changing the thumbnail of a successful video can actually cause it to rise you got guys like Evan carmichel changing their thumbnails all the time Lewis house pivoting his thumbnails now mind you they also have teams for this I think for the solo Creator it's very difficult to do we're doing it think media and we have a guy Pier who's helping us and he's going back in our back library and optimizing our back Library experts could say you could optimize if you have a big Library your back Library maybe get 30 40% more views on your entire library but this is usually going to be at more Media Company scale if you're a solo Creator I would focus on the next video if it ain't broke don't fix it don't worry about pivoting it let it keep crushing but keep posting more videos and get that momentum and that flywheel effect focus on the finish line of as many great videos as you can publish maybe in 2024 this year and then maybe go back and look at the winners and cause them to win more maybe once a year or every six months as a solo Creator because there's definitely the opportunity to optimize your back library and your back catalog and raise views 10 20% 30% Channel wide if you like this clip and are ready to take your YouTube channel to another level go to think masterclass.com where you can get access to a one-hour YouTube strategy class where I break down the exact system that we use at think media to generate hundreds of thousands of views per day just go to think masterclass.com or click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucarinaldi-c2m [20 likes]: Great video, I never knew that thumbnails can help so much with gaining popularity... but I guess you learn every day as a content creator. Nowadays though I believe that the best option, for going viral as soon as possible, is to start doing more Shorts. People don't have attention span for anything longer, so I try creasting expressive and concise content (and after I post it, I use a lot of Famester to make it go viral and the content gets spread out literally everywhere. It works for other platforms as well).
  2. @ThinkMediaTV [9 likes]: When do you update your thumbnails and how does it change your videos performance? Let us know below! ⬇️
⭐ Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2024 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  3. @andrewscot8553 [1 likes]: Great video! I’m going to try to change a title or thumbnail to see if it changes anything
  4. @EncourageFaith [1 likes]: Thanks, Sean. I was wondering about this.  I'm anxiously anticipating the rollout of the A/B testing for thumbnails. I that will be great since I'm doing it manually now.
  5. @LetsPlaywithDDae [1 likes]: One of my past videos ended up popping off for some reason and I noticed that it had a bad title, no tags, no thumbnail, etc... I was like "Let me fix this!" and after I got it up to par with what I was at currently... it stalled completely and died.
  6. @Darkkingztw [1 likes]: Thanks for the advice
  7. @Nabi_Naa: Mine is not working well 😢
  8. @CampusMania: If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
  9. @rebelrider247: 3 million subscribers and only 10k views?! Man, those numbers are sad as hell.
  10. @shawnfoodfever: thanks for great sharing 👏👏
  11. @TheFunAccountant: Thank you for the great advice, "keep posting more videos" - absolutely
  12. @tastymasalakitchenbykajal3887: Great information! Always inspiring thank you 🙏🏻
  13. @theredone9256: I do strongly feel my YouTube channel has the potential to get thousands or if not millions of subscribers. I just need to be recognise more you know I need one of them videos that just blows up millions of views. I do strongly feel I have a good personality for my YouTube channel and a cool YouTube name. What do you think
  14. @FishingcookingwithJose: Éxito amigo fiel suscriptor. Bendiciones
  15. @AIKnowledge2Go: Best short tip ever. Thank you! I love this kind of video. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
  16. @carlosmattainternational: Great illumination, are you using a lighting source?
  17. @8notes_: YO! This video reeks of full frame and 10bit color! looks so good on my screen
  18. @KinfeMedia: May we all be blessed with the luck and skill you have.
  19. @ruchika.1201: Hi Sean. My Channel is about Personal Growth, however I posted a video about Google Meet Tutorial once because that issue was troubling me for a week and I finally found a solution, so I made a video thinking it might help someone else. That video took off and got 100k views but after that, all my other videos are being suggested against tutorials and class 9&10 academic videos. Some people open them and click off within 5 seconds because obviously my videos are not their topic of interest. Plus, my videos are in English and YouTube suggests them against Hindi videos.
I got discouraged and stopped posting because most of my subscribers came from that tutorial video and I know they won't watch my personal growth stuff. I wanna come back and be consistent, so I wanna know how can I train YouTube to show my videos to the correct audience. 
Thanks in advance ♥
  20. @me-cm8or: Bro my click rate is 1%

- I Changed My Thumbnail on YouTube & My Video Exploded: Kind: captions Language: en I changed my thumbnail on YouTube because I wasn't getting any views but I really believe that this video was great and I spent a ton of time editing it to make it really good so I checked the retention graph and I noticed that 83 of the viewers were still watching at 30 seconds and I noticed that the average view percentage was at 58 so I realized that it wasn't a bad video it either just wasn't getting clicked on or YouTube wasn't putting it in front of the Right audience so I made a few different thumbnails and then I decided which ones were best and I started to a B test these thumbnails on the video and then slowly over time it started to just get a little bit more views the click-through rate started to increase until it finally took off this video now has 1.5 million views and I would have never seen that if I didn't change my thumbnail and I want to show you how you can do the same thing you got to just press record no matter how many times you change your thumbnail or your title the YouTube algorithm really doesn't care all they care about is if your click through rate is going to go down or up the hope is that you change your thumbnail and that click-through rate is going to increase and then eventually you're going to get more views because of this now truly there's four signs that I look for when a b testing thumbnails on my videos the first sign is if a video has a high retention in the first 30 seconds of the video you can see this inside of your YouTube studio so if your video is not getting a lot of views but there is a high retention in those first 30 seconds and you're hooking people into the content this could be a great video to a B test number two is if the total average view percentage of your video is higher than normal this is a great sign that you might have a great video and you just need to change out your thumbnail or title and find a new way to package this out so more people can click on it the third sign is if your video has a ton of Impressions but a low click-through rate this means YouTube is recommending your content like crazy maybe it's a great topic maybe it's timely but people aren't clicking on it and number four I love to a B test my thumbnails on videos that are in the first 24 hours if they're not performing like usual or as good as I think it can and this is a great way way to quickly increase the views on that video by finding a better thumbnail and to a B test these thumbnails I use this website called thumbnailtest.com but I want to show you guys how to use this software the best way possible so you can decide which thumbnails you should be using because you don't just want to look at the click-through rate there's a few other things you want to look at as well but first I wanted the extreme yard for sponsoring this video If you're looking to live stream or even start a video podcast on YouTube We highly recommend stream yard because of how easy it is to use and how professional it looks my favorite thing about stream yard is how simple it is to invite guests onto your show you can send them a link they don't even need to sign up they just click the link and then you can bring them onto your live stream as simple as that stream yard is free to use but if you want to unlock a ton of really cool features and you want to get started for 14 days for free go to streamwiththink.com or check the link out in the description alright let's get back into the video the first thing you want to do is create an account and log into that account once you connect your YouTube channel you're going to see all of your videos right here here and you simply just need to click on what video it is that you want to test once selected you're going to hit next step and then from here you can upload the thumbnail that you want to test now you are able to upload up to 10 different images and then each image is going to run against the original thumbnail so they can compare all of them together but I typically find just because it is super quick I like to do it one at a time once you hit next and go to this page you're going to have a few different options if you want the most accurate test results and maybe your video is a bit older I do recommend changing the test speed to daily but if you're trying to move quick and you just want to see some simple statistics to see how it Compares then you're going to want to change this back to hourly which is what I do when I'm testing in that first day and then lastly all you need to do is hit run test now we're going to see that the test has started and I don't have to do anything I don't need to go into YouTube and change anything it's going to change my thumbnail my title whatever it is that I changed automatically for me and then at the very end all I need to do is grab my results and then compare each thumbnail and see which one performed better better this is a test I did on my basketball Channel and we had a thumbnail that was tested right here on the left and on the right and I was seeing which one was going to be better we're going to look at click through a and we can see that the click through rate when we have 4.17 versus 6.07 which is a pretty big difference to put that into perspective if you got 10 000 Impressions that would be the difference between 400 views and 600 views and here's the other thing that really really matters which is your average view duration and the reason you want to look at this and you can see these are only two seconds different basically the same but if it's like 30 seconds a minute plus difference you really want to look at that because that can really hurt if your average view duration drops because of your thumbnail change and the reason that happens typically is because the thumbnail doesn't match the content it might be a little clickbaity or it just doesn't resonate with the actual video based on the viewers expectations and so sometimes they'll click on the video and they'll click right off because it's not what they wanted and you can see right here underneath this we have that metric right here average view duration times clicked rate YouTube Studio doesn't even give you this so I love that this software gives you this formula and you can see how much higher this one on the right is and that is a great sign that this is a better combo for the video now this video has been out for almost a week and it has 481 000 views now if I want to change the click-through rate and I would have left it around four or five percent of a click-through rate this video would have only gotten 245 000 views so with all of those extra views added onto this video that's an extra 1225 dollars that this video generated now of course you need to know how to create a good thumbnail that's going to get clicks and so if you click on the screen you can watch that video right now and I'll see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [11 likes]: Did you find this video helpful? Let us know your biggest takeaway below! ⬇ 
🔥 Get a 14-Day FREE Trial of StreamYard HERE ➡ http://StreamWithThink.com
  2. @agingintobeauty [1 likes]: I changed my thumbnail, leaving everything else the same - within an hour my view count changed to half of what it was originally! How is this possible? Is this common?
  3. @DielectricFailure: My other channel is just past 800 subs. My last year of using that channel, I realized I’d put about 6 hours in per video on average. I only made 100 subs in the last year. I want to revisit it and change my thumbnails as this was what a few friends said was one weakness.
  4. @Anamericanhomestead: This is just bullshit. Why can't YT just serve my vids to subscribers?  Who has time for this kind of additional work?
  5. @YonnBurgos: Great tips! I'm on that journey right now. Cheers!
  6. @whatteesaid: ❤
  7. @philipj.sherman2987: 4:08 Nolan, you skipped over something when talking about the CTR.
I see there's a big difference, but I don't know which number is better.
Can you please explain whether you want the number to be higher (10 or above), or you want it to be closer to zero?

Thanks.
  8. @tropicshade: How soon is too soon to change a thumbnail?
  9. @tarriadunnstorytellingonlinema: Awesome value !
  10. @HuntersRuggedOutdoors: what is the video that got 1.5M views?
  11. @JuanCarlosOrdoñezz: confusing dud. you did not show the test.
  12. @Hello123-p9n: Man I only have 8 views
  13. @drivingdaily582: Just refreshed a thumbnail on one of my videos...thanks
  14. @BibleRevelation2012: How does this work if your video is not in the top 200 results!
  15. @CatCatflix: My problem is that my videos are never recommended. I created this channel a long time ago and put content on it, but then I stopped posting for a long time, and now I returned to the channel and deleted all the videos that were on it and started creating new content related to cats, but the videos are never suggested. Even the few views I have are from YouTube search . Is there a solution to this problem or is it better to open a new channel?
  16. @ZombieOps552: I am using vidiq and it’s helping
  17. @zsofiajager9152: Köszönöm 😊
  18. @FitnessSolutionsPlus: Should you change your thumbnail based on time or impressions? Let's say you have a small youtube channel, and it only got 30 impressions in the first hour. Should you change the thumbnail, because it's been an hour (assuming it's underperforming), or should you wait longer, because it's only been 30 impressions? If it's the latter, how long should you wait?
  19. @Dheeru_vlogs.1234: Nyycc video
  20. @RickTv631: Can you do a video showing how to connect the rodecaster?

- Top 3 Thumbnail Hacks to SKYROCKET Your YouTube Views in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en attention my lovely viewers today I have a brand new tutorial for you I'm super excited to have this for you guys today is Academy presenting how to enhance your thumbnail image of YouTube thumbnail image so you watch this step by step and you will get how to enhance and furnish refine clean fresh your YouTube thumbnail image time is valuable so without wasting another moment let's jump into this exciting tutorial to get it started make it possible first we open a picture and we will work it on together I apologize that I have already removed the background because it takes time so if you don't know how to remove the background you can check my uploaded tutorial press crl + J two times duplicate the layer press control+ I to invert the selected image layer change the blind mod to Vivid light this will change the layer colors to opposite colors like black becomes white and go to filter conver or a smart filter so then we can change any time the values it will make it possible again go to filter color and choose the gion BL Gan blur filter is used to soften the image by applying blur effect so whenever we increase the value the higher value more intense the blur effect so if we decrease the value the lower value will result a softer more suitable blur effect and simply we just select both file and make a group and control+ G or manually can do this me group make sure to keep your man file constant now change the blend mode and select overlay now you can check the differences now it looks fresh sharp and either we can make it more sharper and Fresh open the group select the image layer and change color select Vibrance now you just increase the Vibrance and situation this makes the image more fresh and sharp CER attractive and make sure to just clip the layer and this is important clip the layer wow now it looks much better now collect on ha saturation and just simply increase the situation with use the curve adjustment layer and just simply Dr the curve upside now just simply check the difference it looks much better now we switch on the thumbnail file just simply drag this image to the thumbnail file and we will make the image with combination of [Music] thumbnail go to the file and place embit we just place our background here actually now our focus is to make a good background make color so little color for it simply black color and drag the background remover magic background remover you just remove the background and just okay drag the color layer to Upper and simply click on it and change the color then change the blond mood to multiply now I simply bring some objects for our background that you can put any kind of objects for your background related to your tutorial our video Vlog EDC so I'm just simply bringing some do picture for pound select these fers group them or make a group Control Plus G or manual you can make the group and then just drag all Al key and drag the color layer to make and copy to upside now our background is ready and it looks much better and now we make all layers of background on one group on Mage go to effect adjustment layer and just like the inner Shadow now we make anner Shadow click on Inner Glow change the opacity change the size for your image address right click on effects click on create LS now our effects converted into layer click on Inner Glow layer change the blond mood to color Doge now take the SM tool increase the brush size just simply press the square bracket button on this keyboard to decrease the brush size and now simply click and drag to a smudge oh we missed a part so simply we have to put a light reflection on the background so first take the brush and change the color pick the background color green and just start brushing on the back side this will show lightness now it looks much better and now just select all layers and make a group now simply I lock the layers and groups to not disturb me while I'm working so our thumbnail image is ready and background is ready we just make some text layers for he get better hope you enjoyed our tutorial and learned many things from how to make an image enhancement for thumbnail so our main focus was only on about the how to enhance the thumbnail so we just Mar thumbnail enhancement image you can see there you have it now you know how to create a string and high catching YouTube thumbnails that will make your videos stand out and if you found this tutorial helpful please give it thumb ups and consider subscribing our Channel Z Academy for more tricks and trips enhancement for your YouTube content so thank you thank you very much for watching my videos and tutorials and established stay

  Top Comments:
  1. @MahiikhanKhan-z6p: Best photoshop video
  2. @AbiikhanKhan: Very informative vedio
  3. @Angelqueen-g6h: Very informative vedio keep sharing
  4. @ZobiiKhan-e6n: Informative vedio
  5. @MidhatZahra-k4z: Really v.nice work...keep it up
  6. @LaibaShehzadi-q3s: U did always a great job...
  7. @MohidRaza-k6y: U r a very telented photoshop editor
  8. @Devil-The-Shark: VERY HELPFUL TUTORIAL
  9. @Muslim_dreams_5: awesome edit
  10. @DavidJames-t7t: Good information thanks for sharing
  11. @SWOTTINGSPHERE: It was a helpful tutorial
  12. @almaskhan-k5f: Wonderful awesome explain😮😮
  13. @Fuzailahnamkhan: Amazing superb video😮😮
  14. @Amberwaqar3: It's work smartly it's superb
  15. @AhsanFarah-v2e: Very gracefull video..great work..i love it
  16. @sidrakhan-r8v: Wow amazing video learning something new🎉
  17. @RadheyRadhey-o2t: Very nice editiong
  18. @KhanForces: informative video
  19. @ArhamRaja-s7u: U r expert in editing
  20. @rajasami4227: Thanks for making this amazing video

- YouTube Thumbnail Design - 50% More Views With This Strategy!: Kind: captions Language: en - This is a guaranteed way to get more views on YouTube. It's a big part of our YouTube thumbnail design strategy and it regularly increases our click-through rate by up to 50%. So what I'm talking about is A/B split testing your thumbnail images, and this is a super important element of our thumbnail strategy. Now to show you how powerful this strategy is, here's two thumbnail images from our channel. I want you guys that are watching this to pick left or right. Which one do you think is the better thumbnail? Which one do you think gets more clicks? So we've actually run an A/B split test on this and you can see that one of these outperformed the other one by 55.7%. So the winner here was the one on the right. So let's go again. Here's another A/B split test we have run from thumbnail images from a video on our channel. Which one do you think is the better thumbnail image or which one do you think gets clicked more? The one on the left or the one on the right? And one of these two here outperformed the other one by 45.2%. And the winner here is actually the one on the left. Now, this one personally, it pains me a little bit. I mean, I personally don't like the image. I think it's washed out, it's too bright. I mean, why am I wearing a hoodie? I look like I'm 12 years old. But again, it's not about what we think is the nicer or prettier looking thumbnail, it's which one gets clicked more. Now I've got one more example for you 'cause I really wanna hit this point home. Left or right? And the difference between these this time was 33.8% increase. Now this is another one where I thought the yellow one would've outperformed. It's brighter colors, it's gonna stand out more on the platform. A lotta people aren't using dark mode so maybe the white one could get lost on the YouTube page, but no, it was actually the white one here that outperformed the other one. So the point I wanna make here is that your thumbnail strategy and your thumbnail images are so important. And you might be thinking now that your thumbnail images are great and that they're already working for you but what if they could work better? What if every time YouTube featured one of your videos or showed it on the platform, it was able to be clicked more for days, weeks, potentially years down the track if your video can show up and get clicked more? Think about that for the growth of your channel, for the impact into your life and your business if your video is actually viewed more. And that's where this strategy is so powerful because it's not what we think is the nicer or prettier looking thumbnail image. We're literally looking at the data and we're seeing which image actually gets clicked more, which can have a massive effect. So I'm gonna share with you some of the insights that we've learned from A/B split testing our thumbnail images. But really quickly before that, the tool that we're using to run these A/B split tests is called TubeBuddy. So TubeBuddy is an amazing YouTube management tool that's got so much more in it than just A/B split tests, but having the ability in there to A/B split test your thumbnail images is one of my favorite features. Now, pricing-wise, there is a free version of TubeBuddy but to be able to do the A/B split test, you do need to be on their Legend Plan, which currently costs 23.99 per month if you're paying annually. Now, in terms of alternatives to do this A/B split testing, you could actually manually do it yourself for free if you created two different versions of a thumbnail image, maybe ran one for a while, tracked the data, tracked how well it was performing and then swap it out for another one, and then obviously track and measure that to gauge if there was an improvement or loss. It's gonna be super manual and is definitely not gonna be as accurate as using something like TubeBuddy, and that's why we like it so much. Whereas to get these set up on TubeBuddy, we just wanna go to their section here for A/B testing. Come up the top here to create an A/B test, you then pick the video that you wanna run the A/B test on and then you can select your alternate thumbnail image or the one you wanna test it against. So, really simple. So normally where we're starting with these A/B split tests isn't on our brand new latest videos. It's on videos that have been up on our channel for a little while, but the ones that are underperforming compared to other videos on the channel, and this is to try and help them find traction and see if replacing the thumbnail image is actually gonna have a difference. But we also use these A/B split tests to test other things about our thumbnail image. To test if they work better with my face on them or not. But we're also using it to test things like new thumbnail concepts and different design elements that we can bring in or remove from our thumbnail images. Like in the case of this one here, where having me in the thumbnail image or not. And actually removing me in this case gave us a higher click-through rate or this one here where we tried a totally different concept for a lighting tutorial, showing the before and after or comparing it to one with big text on screen explaining what the video is about. And in this case, this second thumbnail here outperformed the first one by 6.76%. And again, with these numbers, they don't need to be big. An improvement is an improvement and that can flow through for years of that content on the platform. Or in this example, these two thumbnail images are almost identical. The only thing we changed was putting the company name Insta360 here in the thumbnail versus leaving it blank and having question marks so the viewer didn't know what that video was about. So the viewer didn't know what the product was at that point just by looking at the thumbnail image. And it was this second one here without the company name in it that actually got a slightly better click-through rate, 2.17% in this case. So after running so many different A/B split tests on our thumbnail images, here's a few insights that we learnt that might help you with yours too. You really wanna try to make your thumbnail image as clear as possible, help the viewer work out what your video is about and if it's for them just by looking at that thumbnail image. So in this video here, for example, Best Cheap Smartphone Accessories for Video, you can see our original thumbnail image. It was much darker, it still had text on screen, but all the gear that I'm holding in that image that I'm talking about in the video, it's really hard to see 'cause it's so dark. So then we tried something completely different, something much brighter, something that had the gear more laid out, but also something that had the writing stand out more and this one actually performed better. And even switching the wording up and emphasizing the word cheap 'cause it was cheap gear that we're talking about in this video, making it red so that it stands out on the yellow, it tends to grab people's attention much, much faster. So with the text, you can experiment with it, but generally we wanna try to make sure that the emphasis is on the most important keyword or most important phrase that the viewer is going to be interested in, again, to help them work out what the video is about and if it's for them. So, for example, this video here around picking your YouTube channel name, what we thought we would test with this one 'cause it's an older video on our channel, we thought we'd test it with some big bold text so you can see we've got here How To and then a little bit smaller Pick Your and then Channel Name. Now they've all been designed so they all fit nicely here into a square or into a rectangle. But the weighting on these words makes the how to the biggest and channel name which is actually the most important piece much, much smaller. So we thought it was worthy on a test 'cause obviously I personally think it looks so much better than this old thumbnail image. But the older one, just with very simple basic text, How To Pick Your Channel Name just with simple basic text with a box behind it versus the older thumbnail image here with the weighting applied differently to the text, so you can see that the How To is smaller but the big words Pick Your Channel Name, they stand out so much more, even though overall I think the design of the newer thumbnail image is so much better. So, we're running with the old one here. Now, I've also tested quite a few times if actually having this color or this block behind the text to help it stand out, if it actually helps us get clicks on our thumbnail images. So in this case here, comparing these two, this image performed better. And in this one here where we're really only testing for that, it actually did perform better in this case. So you can see that the thumbnail images outside of those colored boxes behind the text, the thumbnail images are exactly the same. But then looking at the one below it here, we've done almost the exact same test. This one here without the boxes behind the text and this one here with the boxes behind the text, you can see that this one here actually outperformed. So sometimes it's easy to draw conclusions with this stuff, other times it can be hit-and-miss and come down to a video-per-video basis. But regardless, we keep coming back to our broader goal here of trying to make our thumbnail images engaging and easy to understand. Now another thing we've seen a lot is the generally less text actually performs better, but not always. So in this example here of a LumaFusion tutorial, you can see the one here with less text, it literally just says LumaFusion tutorial compared to the original one, LumaFusion, iPad, iPhone, and Android. But obviously in this specific one here, it's a whole different design and style and everything as well. But you can see how much cleaner it is with less text and you can still quickly figure out what that video is about. And if we come down here to this one here, Adobe Premier Pro Tutorial for Beginners, we can see the opposite. Whereas this one here, Beginner's Guide with the Premier logo didn't get clicked as much as this one here, Adobe Premiere Pro Beginner's Guide. So it's got more text. But again, the thumbnail images are different. And it could be because we've got the text here, Adobe Premier Pro instead of just the logo. But again, I'm giving you some generalizations to help you with different things that you can play around with when you're split testing your thumbnail images. But even just changing the background color on your thumbnail images can make a big difference as well. Look at this one here. The exact same thumbnail image. I would've assumed and guessed that the yellow, the brighter color image would perform better because it's gonna stand out more. But testing it with the gray here, the gray one actually outperformed by 11.7% which is definitely decent. So you should be trying and testing new stuff. And really, your thumbnail images should be evolving with the more that you try and test and learn. And this is a big focus for us in our channel. So if you go back and have a look at the early thumbnail images on our channel for the first videos, I mean, they were terrible. There was nothing strategic about these images at all. And as we scroll up, you can actually see the evolution of the different tests and things that we were doing with these images. And then contrasting that with the ones right at the top here, the most recent ones, this is where we're now being so much more strategic with our thumbnail images and A/B split testing them all to get the best performance out of our investment in making videos. So again, the tool that we're using and to be super strategic is TubeBuddy, and we'll have a link down in the description box below. Now, if you wanna learn how to make a thumbnail image for your videos and do it fast and free, then check out the video that is linked on screen and I'll see you in there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CB375J [16 likes]: I picked all 3 thumbnails that underperformed as looking better
  2. @husnaomarh221 [1 likes]: Wow
  3. @cartoonblock [1 likes]: Thanks for the tip
  4. @GraphiXbyVini [1 likes]: I didn't knew about this strategy, thats pretty good yo thanks!
  5. @Iammattjupp [1 likes]: Another fantastic video! Much <3
  6. @eddies1980 [1 likes]: Really like your channel but there seems to be an audio issue on your recent videos... lots of echo...makes it difficult to listen to.
  7. @LivingOnCrypto [1 likes]: So it’s kind of a guessing game.. 😱
  8. @PoojaSGlamGlow: 👍👍
  9. @SmashNexus-00: but it's weird. aren't we also humans that can be the test subject? aren't we the ones clicking the videos? so aren't we clicking the nice thumbnails?
  10. @howardbetts9133: Seems the yellow background wins more often than not. Thanks for the video. Very helpful.
  11. @Fola-YT: My channels are bad😢 like to help me
  12. @Michael-4: Got them all wrong.
  13. @hafezaburaihan5835: Very nice
  14. @CSR_AHMED: WHY YOU DON'T GET 50 PERCENT MORE VIEWS 😂😂
  15. @GeelongCableLocations: Wow, and just like that, once again get confirmation that I'm no good at this YouTube game lol.
I would have put money on it that all those other thumbnails would have gotten more views than the ones that did 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
  16. @davidguy233: Hi Justin how do I put up the black Subscribe thing on all my videos.
  17. @Dabassumeer: Hi Justin , can you please make a video on we can add instagram facebook logo on a youtube video.. like how we can edit those logo in our entire video.. thanks
  18. @FatimaZahra-tb9ub: hello justin 
for god sake, I have a question about the email from Google ads, You'll need to verify your identity, so I did it and they said they will send me the email if they receive it after a few days after verifying the question.  I have verified 4 times and they still haven't sent me the email, and today they sent me again that I need to verify your identity.
and am using my NIN Or is because am not present in the country that is why they did not accept it, I need a help😮 justin
  19. @BedestNoobYT: Please pin my comment,  i've never gotten pinned.
  20. @scotttovey: At 1:32, the colors are likely not the reason that the one performed better than the other.

If the only difference in the two thumbnails was color, you would have a valid conclusion but that is not the only difference.

The thumbnail that performed better shows an image of a cell phone in portrait mode and the one that did not perform as good shows everything in landscape mode as though it's the screenshot of a computer monitor.

The title of the video is Editing videos on the iPhone.
Thus, it is more likely that the cell phone image is what made it perform better because that image reinforces and supports the title of the video.

--EDIT--

I just noticed the cell phone in your hand in image A, but it is turned off and smaller than the cell phone image in image B. B is more appealing because of the larger cell phone that appears to be on.

- MrBeast is going viral again..: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast is genuinely one of the most evil people alive today. I mean that. So Mr. Beast is getting a bunch of hate. Now why is Mr. Beast evil? What is the reason? How? Be specific. Nobody's saying the reason why. People who say incredibly hyperbolic like this and offer zero reasoning or explanation or low IQ. I will explain it because other people refuse to. The reason why they think he's evil is because he is using funds to help black people in Africa who he thinks are not deserving of that help. He thinks that the money will go to waste and it will accomplish no end goal. Bad take. You want to scroll down? I'm going to facilitate the birth of tens of thousands of people who will eventually starve to death. Why don't these people donate their millions into their own communities? Africa before Mr. Beast. Africa after this has 1.2,000 2,000 likes. An African trib's first encounter with Sprite. Let's go ahead and look at the comments to this one. Huh? >> Let's not. >> The post is true though. Africa has gotten over a trillion dollars in aid and it's still the same. You're proving my point. They don't want to say it because the Overton window hasn't shifted enough. 83,000 likes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bidenomics2024 [2 likes]: Even if you think he's evil
 What have you done? Am I a better person because I haven't done shit today lol.
  2. @Allen2-z8x [1 likes]: MrBeast is having a nice guy syndrome because he is too nice to african people
  3. @tfghuggg [1 likes]: There's always good in evil and evil in good
  4. @tempioxavo [1 likes]: Brother wake up charities are money laundries....
  5. @Edgykage [1 likes]: Huh? No he's evil because he only thinks about money and sees people as money (Literally) Like how mr.Krabs ironically (Mr) Both have mr in their names LOL now i understand
  6. @MasonMange: I wish MrBeast was gonna be like in 2019 and 2020/2021s, where he’s shown to be one of the greatest people alive today, shown care for others and his friends, his videos are very enjoyable including his gameplay games and his reaction videos, and I wish Chris Tyson was still male forever and ever, instead of being a transgender creep.
  7. @arashdeepsinghghuman: Bro he isn't spending money from his pocket anymore clever guy getting donations from streamers and when nobody answered his call adin rose helped him to call everyone but later he ghosted all of them after getting help and millions one of those streamer was literally crying later telling he hadn't that much money but he keep pressuring him to donate 1,00,000k he did it to be a good friend of him but he got ghosted by him as well fuck this scammer I know this millionaires do this kinda stunts to get more  famous and saving taxes.
  8. @mariajanina3397: Guys. Think about this 5 min and u know that every of 3487 fundations that make Wells in africa they rising every year bilions for 10 years and still in africa 80% dont have water...
  9. @ohyeah4566: Y'all dumb af bro, but y'all American so it comes with the territory
  10. @Rollmops94: So he is evil, because he tries to help people?
  11. @SssuperLive: Dude, you're literally a millionaire. You'll give half the money to charity. You'll literally lose nothing, and on the contrary, you'll help people, gain authority, and earn respect. But you're just a weirdo from the lower reaches of the internet, a talking head. Although you could be a respected person, you're just a greedy p1ece of sh1t.
  12. @DissentRealized: Could it just be that he surrounds himself with .pdf files and tries to push confusing gender propaganda down our children's throats? 😅
  13. @idkausername10: You just built an entire false narrative in your neckbearded little head, the reason I myself don't like Mr. Beast is because he's a fake philanthropist. He only does what he does because he wants to gain, not because he's kind. It's sick



edit: I scrolled down, and why am I not surprised to see a thousand obvious AI comments leaving this garbage video praise? Oh that's right, because losers like this "creator" is obsessed with being right and in some position of power. You're a grade A loser!
  14. @ussr-8r: That mrshit has always been racist anti indian especially from PewDiePie tseries meme. His hateful low iq beta fans. Willhate me for this fact.
  15. @cursedimageseveryday5559: There is a certain level of brainroting any person experiencing corporate life undergoes, you can see it in almost every single rich person that deals in corporate enviroment. The parts of their brains responsible for empathy ascend (or brainrot) beyond caring about individual humans but instead caring about the whole system. Kind of like when a beekeper doesn't care about individual bees but only about the hive as a whole. From afar what MrBeats does is very benevolent but as you zoom in you start to notice many disturbing things coming together. I have seen it with my own eyes when our company's boss got hit with the real reality of things when he "zoomed in" and realised how things really work outside of paperwork and theory (he was laid of by upper management soon after because he was no longer able to do his job). Jimmy is so zoomed out and in delusion it hurts to watch. Where is the fun guy who walked marathon in oversized shoes???
  16. @kendall_1-m9c: smile 😀
  17. @smokeyworm.8574: What u think all that money you donate to Africa they get it in there hands 😂😂😂😂😂 no you think slow cunts if you had a brain you would have solved it time ago charity’s fundraisers take all the money and give nothing but a coupe of water bottles
  18. @sheldonhatch8255: @mrbeast
For someone with 500 million sycophants, an insane amount of wealth, and platforms to change the world, your lack of intelligence is baffling. You support one of the top 3 most evil and destructive corporations on this planet. So spare these 500 million with your "generosity" and "charity", because it doesn't exist. You knew what you were signing with these contracts, you KNEW that when you picked up that pit viper to carry down the hill, that it was always a pit viper. No Amount of money will ever repay or rebuild that which your entrepreneurial destruction left behind. Its time for you to quietly fade away, before anyone else is harmed.
  19. @unsolicited-opinions: Mr Beast is amazing ❤and hes actually trying to help people in need.  Just because we are Africans, doesnt make us less human or less deserving of help. Everyone hating on Mr beast or people in need getting help. You will reap what you sow.
  20. @gutyouinyourceller: As he pops up in the epstien  files 😮😅

- MrBeast's AI Tool Backlash: What It Really Means for Creators: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The Mr. Beast view stats AI thumbnail generator controversy revolves around criticism aimed at YouTuber Mr. Beast following the release of an AI powered thumbnail generator developed with the company View Stats which he co-founded. Announced on June 21st, 2025, the tool allows users to input a YouTube thumbnail URL and apply AI generated alterations, promising to create optimized viral ready thumbnails. Controversy quickly erupted when fellow YouTuber Jack Septic Eye publicly condemned the tool after noticing his logo was used in its promotional material. Despite his well-known opposition to AI generated content, many artists and creators voiced concerns over the implications of AI tools replacing human created thumbnail art. Therefore, Jack Septic's criticism gained major traction online. Other creators, including Point Crow, accused Mr. Beast of hypocrisy, referencing his past complaints about others reusing his thumbnails. Point Crow highlighted the time and effort creators and their teams invest in designing thumbnails and argued that AI tools like this undermine that labor. He even suggested a potential class action lawsuit. In response, Mr. Beast clarified that changes would be made to the face swap feature, limiting its use to creators swapping their own faces in their own thumbnails. He emphasized that the tool was intended to assist and not replace artists, especially to support smaller creators lacking large production teams. Reactions were divided. Twitch streamer Asmin Gold defended Mr. Beast, suggesting that much of the outrage was exaggerated and driven by fear of change. Others remained critical, citing concerns about the erosion of creative work and ethics in content creation. Meanwhile, users online questioned the apparent contradiction between Mr. Beast's past charitable efforts like Team Trees and Team C's and his adoption of controversial tech tools. The Mr. Beast AI thumbnail controversy highlights the growing tension between innovation and artistic integrity in digital content creation. While some defend AI as a helpful tool for smaller creators, others view it as a threat to originality. The debate reflects larger questions about responsibility, transparency, and ethical boundaries in the age of automated creativity. If you enjoyed this video, please make sure to like and subscribe for more meme content.

- BACKLASH! Timothée Chalamet CANCELLED or Targeted In Oscars SMEAR CAMPAIGN!?: Kind: captions Language: en Man, backlash against Timothy Chalamet is growing and it's not just the one viral clip that's been going around. We found another. Is this backlash deserved or is this all just part of a well-disguised Oscar smear campaign? Welcome to Popcorn Planet. I am Andy Signore. Oscar season brings out the worst in actors. It's always happened. Harvey Weinstein set the bar pretty high and we're seeing it, I think, here as well. At the same time, I think Timothy Chalamet does have his foot in his mouth for some pretty stupid comments he made. I want to play the comments, which is just another brilliant opportunity to use my favorite segment. >> [music] >> They said, "WHAT?" TIMOTHY CHALAMET SAID, "WHAT?" ALL RIGHT, let's go through it. If you guys haven't seen this initial clip that he did with a Variety CNN town hall with Matthew McConaughey, here's the a quote in question that's gotten him in trouble. Uh and some people want to be entertained quickly. I'm really right in the middle, Matthew, cuz I I admire people and I've done it myself to go on a talk show and go, "Hey, we got to keep movie theaters alive. You know, we got to keep this genre alive." And another part of me feels like if people want to see it like Barbie like Oppenheimer, they're going to go see it and go out of their way to be loud and proud about it. And I don't want to be working in ballet or opera or, you know, things where it's like, "Hey, keep this thing alive even though it's like no one cares about this anymore." All respect to the ballet and opera people out there. >> [laughter] >> Uh I just lost 14 cents in viewership, but um Damn, [laughter] I just took shots for no reason. He did just take shots for no reason. >> a shot. I hear what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Matthew doesn't doesn't help. No one's really mad at Matthew. Matthew agrees with him. So, >> but on on on on that note, >> Yeah. due Man, anyway, now here's the the thing that's interesting because everyone's sharing that clip. This is not the first time Timothy Chalamet has had a beef with opera. >> I love movies. I love acting. I love going to movies. I was kind of getting scared when I was younger that maybe it was becoming like opera or something like an outdated art form or something. Uh Okay, so he's clearly always thought that way and clearly the opera and ballet communities are not having it. They are very upset with Timothy Chalamet. We should be trying to uplift these art forms. What's most fascinating is in in Timothy's defense or I guess just to point out the irony here of how how how how dumb this comment in fact was. Have Here's Timothy explaining his family's background. >> interview, you had mentioned you danced or your sister liked to dance. I grew up backstage at the New York City Ballet. My grandmother danced in New York City Ballet. My mother danced in New York City Ballet. My sister danced in New York City Ballet. I grew up dreaming big backstage at the Koch Theater in New York, you know. And does that help then in situations like this? Hugely. I'm like a Venn diagram of the best cultural influences of the 21st century and 20th century. What? And why are you disparaging? This makes no sense, dude. As you can imagine, the dance and and opera community is furious. This clip from Omar Omar Smalls was pretty amazing. I want to play this clip for you because listen to this reaction. I think he's spot on the money. >> go see it and go out of their way to be anymore." People still care about ballet and opera. It's just that the tickets for ballet and opera are just mad expensive. And they are mad expensive because it's high art. So, a lot of people still care about it. Tickets for the movies that Timothy is in are cheap compared to Porgy and Bess and so on like. And considering it's a high art, people come in their best outfits to come and see ballet. Ain't nobody dressing up to go and see Wonka. It's equivalent to taking your girl on a date to Nobu or McDonald's. Ain't nobody putting on their best fit to go to McDonald's. Damn, he's not wrong there. Who's Who's dressing up to to see Wonka? Nobody. You know it gets bad when Look at this. All the the metro metro art uh metro opera is throwing shade as well. All respect to the opera and ballet people out there. This one's for you, Timothy Chalamet. >> This I I mean I weirdly enough, I do think this will do the opposite effect. Everyone's like mad at him and I get it. They're mad. But this is going to do so much for opera. I'm sorry you don't want to be part of this. Maybe you want to reconsider. And we're not trying to keep it alive. It's pretty much alive. [music] >> Amen, man. That's gorgeous. How disappointing that Timothy Chalamet's trying to like crap on all this. I I I can't I look I if I really am looking at it, I I do get where he's coming from. If we're really looking at this objectively, opera, ballet, they're not as popular as movies. They aren't. Even with movie theaters dying, all the industries are dying, but I would argue more people will go see you know, Marty Supreme or or Barbie than they would have gone to see this season's run of whatever opera thing, right? At the same time, well I well I understand that, it's still high art that is still successful that is struggling just like movie industry is. Why take a shot at it? It makes no sense, especially if your family comes from it. So, I can sort of see what he means that a lot of people do sort of frown on opera or ballet as like not, you know, as big of a deal. He's just created an industry to now hate on him. And honestly, this is what has is this has been happening, I think, to Timothy for a while. He's gotten very cocky. Here's a Doja Cat calling him out strictly as well. >> the way, opera is 400 years old. Ballet is 500 years old. Um somebody named Tim Timothée Chalamet had the nerve. Big guy, by the way. Had the nerve to say on camera that nobody cares about it. I'm sure you can walk into an opera theater right now. Seats will be filled out and nobody's saying a word as the performance is going because everybody has that much respect for it. There is an etiquette around opera. There is etiquette around ballet. Then etiquette these days in the movie theaters to be on your phone, it seems. Jamie Lee Curtis also clapping back sharing reposting a comment from a famous opera person. It is never-ending the backlash that's growing. This is such a disappointing take from Chalamet. Go support theater and dance. This is from Zach McNally. Tons [clears throat] of celebrities and people have been supporting these. Now, here's where I do want to turn it in Timothy's defense as I alluded to in the beginning. Yes, I do believe there is a smear campaign happening. At the same time, I think Timothy his comments were stupid. It was just a stupid thing to say. Uh they someone is taking advantage of that and using it to boost it and make it go viral in this award season to help Marty Supreme not win because yeah, a lot of people are like, you know, come on. Obviously, opera is very niche and not everyone's interested in it and he's not. So, what's the point? this brings up the messy side of Oscar season, which is yes, this happens a lot. In fact, as people are pointing out, I just got this email, which is unusual between this and the California post story on the director's split. Someone's really running an old-school Weinstein company-style smear campaign against Marty Supreme. This was like going out to all the journalists out there writing about how awful Marty Supreme is because they didn't actually get the person who inspired it involved and didn't pay him. All this backlash against Marty Supreme coming out of sort of nowhere to try to like knock it down on the list so that way One Battle After Another or Sinners to Warner Brothers projects could actually get the award instead. It happens every season where someone will go and take this dirty. In fact, Timothy has been worrying about this because he's been seeing his Oscar dreams slip away and insiders are blaming Kylie Jenner. Let's not forget that as well. Uh Uh he did not bring Kylie Jenner to the actor awards and that was intentional. It was intentional bringing his mom to the actor awards sends a message. It softens him. It reminds voters he's a serious actor, not half of a celebrity supercouple. This was about credibility, about craft, about getting the focus back on his work. He knows the race is tight. Every image counts. Every headline counts. Walking in with his mom says, "I'm grounded. I'm grateful. I'm here for the art." It's a reset without saying a word. Was it strategic? Absolutely. Was it sweet? Yes, absolutely. He's tightening his circle and carefully controlling the narrative because in Hollywood, sometimes the most powerful statement is who you stand next to. And this was happening right before this went viral. This clip has gone all over the place. He's getting lots of backlash. In fact, this was like last week. I'm shocked it's still happening, if I'm being perfectly honest. I we I didn't report on this right away just cuz I thought, "Yeah, whatever. It's a dumb comment. It's Timothy Chalamet." But look at this. No wonder you did such a convincing job playing Marty Supreme, the vilest on-screen character in decades. Not much of a stretch, was it? Listen up, you arrogant little sea waffle. The only reason you have a craft is because for thousands of years, people have kept ancient art forms alive. No epic poetry, no Homer, no Euripides, no Shakespeare. Just wait. Your Shia LaBeouf moment is coming. Tick tock, tick tock. Ballet and opera will live on. You will be forgotten. Man, yikes. There's a lot of hate coming out [laughter] towards Timothy Chalamet. And look, that's expected when you get a big become a big actor, you become famous. As I've always said, no one is too big to fall. And I think Timothy's now facing that. He's been Here's my ultimate say. Do I Do I think this comment's the worst of the comments? No. Do I think it's ignorant and wrong? Yes. Do I think he should be canceled over it? No. Was he good in Mario Supreme? Yes. Was it a vile character in a way? Yes, it was. Do I think that's kind of more Timothy Chalamet, the real Timothy Chalamet? Yes. I I do think we're getting a sense of that. I think Timothy's got to be too careful of riding too close to the sun and getting too big of a head because he's becoming a little full of himself, a lot full of himself, I might say. And I think that's the detriment he faces here. He's got to be very careful because people are paying more attention. He's getting a lot of attention. He's doing a good job of getting his movie seen. I do think he's a very talented actor. I do like him. But this these types of comments, this kind of ego can really knock you down a peg. And if he's got other skeletons in the closet, clearly people are ready to expose them is what I also take away from this. So, Timothée, be careful out there. Be more kind. Be aware. Show up up at some operas and ballets in the next couple weeks. You need to do it very badly even after the Oscars to make up for this. What do you think? Do you think this is a career-ending? Are you sick of Timothée? Do you think this is unfair? I want to hear your thoughts. Make sure you hit that subscribe and the bell. Make sure you also leave a thumbs up as well. Leave all your comments down below because Popcorn Planet sums up all the best of the story so you get it all in one place. Make sure you watch these videos as well and stay tuned. We got a lot more coming your way here on Popcorn Planet.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyexplains [2 likes]: Sounds like people are looking for something to offended by. I may not agree with him, but you cannot impose your views on others. Stop offended culture. Believe in what you are doing, and stand by it. Don’t need others approval to live your truth.
  2. @Jim-y4u4k [1 likes]: In regards to what Doja Cat, so what if Timmy was a big guy? He's not by the way... By why put an emphasis on how big he is? Trying to fat shame him? Doja is a hypocrite...
  3. @nick7675: Who actually gives af about ballet or opera? I don’t understand the controversy.
  4. @ThePoolBoy24: Seems like rage baiting to me.
  5. @eileengriffin6476: He's been behaving in an arrogant, brash, and conceited manner on all his interviews during his campaign. It's not just that one statement he made. Acadamy Voters have been seeing this on all his interviews, that is why he didn't win.
  6. @BrianSummers-b3n: So he's free white and beyond 21 🤣
  7. @colinpeck8257: Just being truthful, Opera singers & ballet not exactly the must popular of the arts because Hollywood so vacuous
  8. @paigejalbert4936: I think Matthew should have pushed back,  hard.
  9. @2004mojo: Andy Signore  should know better timewise. The voting for the 2026 Oscars was over before Chalamet's comments were made so the only smear is  Signore & others trying to smear the members of the Academy for attention.
  10. @davidbeard90: Lol, don't speak your opinion. It'll  get you 'booted.' what you got against freedom of thought and speech?  😂
  11. @victordelmastro8264: I think the 'Thought Police' are after Tim because he has an opinion. Many performing arts are struggling, as movie theater attendance. So, Tim's point is valid. It's also polarizing because Opera and Ballet aren't something considered working class entertainment.
  12. @jnw-3: He should have apologized before the Oscars. He will continue to be punished and will never receive any awards in the future.
  13. @angelikgg: I don't care about what he said about opera even though I love opera.
I'm French and he's kind of what we call a "kéké" "plouc" or "baraki" for the Belgians though lol
  14. @Nancy-tr5fi: Yuk, what a jerk….
  15. @mugtv6537: Little Timmy is such a hack
  16. @Stinger-o6o: Poor little rich elitist ballet, opera people. They’re wiping their tears with $100 bills.
  17. @CC_Babblecock: He just lost! Well done to Michael B. 🙌
  18. @LH-fp8kr: As a person who spent my entire life in the professional world of ballet....he can just shut up....what does he know of the beauty, and artistic depth of this incredible art form. I had liked him as an actor until now....but the shallow vain  Hollywood world cannot hold a candle to the special, unique world of dance. Many Americans do not have the education or inelligence to appreciate or understand high art....I guess TC falls into that catagory.
  19. @4darlajb: TC has played the same role in EVERY SINGLE movie.  He has ZERO depth.  He's just a Hollywood "pretty face" plant that nobody wanted.
  20. @kreishaushaile4129: Baton Drop

- MrBeast’s AI Tool Backlash  The 5 Day Disaster He Couldn’t Ignore: Kind: captions Language: en Hey YouTube, it's the researcher here. Um, so today I wanted to talk about the Mr. Beast AI situation. Um, so I'm not sure if um, many of you know, but he launched a new AI thumbnail tool. Um, it got deleted less than a week later. Um, and we're going to kind of break that down in this video on the situation and kind of what happened with this AI tool. Hey, so uh a little segment here. Um I had a portion of the video where I recorded um Mr. Beast X or Twitter video of him sort of apologizing about the whole his whole um program situation. Um essentially his overarching idea was that he created this platform in order for creators or people creating thumbnail thumbnail artists to um have their work be done more efficiently. Um but in the end like you know the $80 a month subscriptionbased service um ended up being more or less um you know stealing creators work or reusing creators work without their permission um you know creating copyright issues um which you know that's that's not very good in the in in the YouTube space or in the creator space in general. So um that was kind of his whole whole video was him explaining what he was trying to do and ultimately it failed. Um, but you can also just go to his X or search on X to find the video. Thumbnail tool missed the mark. Um, there's several articles, one by the VBC that I'm looking at right now. Um, you know, a lot of top name creators such as Point Crow and uh Jack Septicide. Uh, I don't know if I'm saying that right, but um they said that the tool essentially steals creators work. Um, you know, when you're paying for a service, uh, I think it was like around $80, $58, $58, um, or 58 pound, you know, you don't want like you're expecting original content. You're not wanting something that's getting stolen and or reused, right? Because that's it's not genuine. Um, and it's not original. And as you say in the video, he was wanting something that was going to be um you know, something the artist could use to be more effective. Um probably also he was thinking of helping with time management as well. um you know now there's there's court cases examining the accusations of copyright and um yeah he was thinking it you know essentially it says here while the US streamer said the intention of making content creation more accessible was a great idea the tool fundamentally hurts creators as a whole. Um, yeah, and I guess that goes back to the whole like being disingenuine and using reused thumbnails or using thumbnails that other artists made and just essentially sealing them as a whole is a big problem. Um, so yeah, I'll link these articles that I've read um down below. There's one by Business Insider, there's one by VBC, there's one by Medium. Um, basically just explaining the whole situation. Um, oh, and I was actually wrong and I actually misspoke. I said it was $80, but it's $80 per month. So, it's like a SAS, it's like software as a service program where you pay a subscription fee um in order to essentially have this service. But yeah, very interesting. Um I'm not really sure why um Mr. Beast like I feel like he's already doing so much. Like why would he even try to, you know, dive into this type of work? Um, I find that very interesting to me. It just sounds like he's, you know, more or less trying to squeeze every last dollar out of his subscribers. Out of his like, I don't know, 400 million subscribers. Well, this article says 385 million subscribers, but, you know, he has several several channels. It has multiple multi-million subscribers. So, yeah, I don't know. Interesting. Uh, let me know your guys thoughts in the description below. And please like and subscribe for more videos. First

- MrBeast's AI Thumbnail Backlash EXPLAINED: The Creator vs. AI Battle: Kind: captions Language: en An AI promised to make thumbnails just like Mr. Beast. And it actually worked. It went viral. Bright faces, big fonts, clickable style, everything fans love about Mr. Beast thumbnails. But here's the problem. It used his name and brand to sell the tool. That's not inspiration. That's imitation. And then gone. Website shut down. Tool deleted. Speculation. Legal pressure, silence from Mr. Beast, but the message was loud and clear. Is this the future of AI or the start of its limits? How's it going, guys? A week ago, I launched a AI thumbnail tool to help small creators make better thumbnails. And I thought people were going to be pretty excited about it, but um I definitely missed the mark. If you open up Twitter, you know what I'm talking about. And so um I read all your guys' feedback and I've I've been thinking a lot about it. And so we just enacted some changes that I I think you guys will find uh positive. And so going forward, there is no AI thumbnail tool. Anyone from now on that signs up for View Stats Pro, there will not be the AI thumbnail tool. It just doesn't exist. We pulled it down. Um and on top of that, I I wanted to go one step further to really show artists out there that I care. We if you go on.com under our more tools section, it will say hire thumbnail artist. And if you click that, it'll take you to a page of artist portfolios where you can commission a real thumbnail artist to make you a real thumbnail. So, basically turning this negative situation um into something positive that helps artists um generate more income doing what they love. And um you know, I I care more than any of you could ever imagine about the YouTube community. I mean, obviously, I'm the biggest YouTuber in the world and I don't take that responsibility lightly. And so, you know, it deeply makes me sad when I do something that um you know, people in the community are upset by. Obviously, um, with Vue stats, my goal here is to build tools to help creators. And if creators don't want the tools, no worries. Like, it's not that big of a deal. So, um, I if you're an artist, go over to View Stats in, um, you know, make some extra money. And, uh, I also want to put out there that I guarantee you I have spent more money on thumbnail artists than any other YouTuber in the world. I've probably spent more money on thumbnail artists than the top 100 creators combined. I mean, I have a small army of thumbnail artists that work for me. I'm looking to hire more thumbnail artists. So, I just want to put that out there and I have no intention of firing my thumbnail artists or or anything like this is, you know, just supposed to help make them more effective and blah blah blah. I mean, you know what I'm saying? But regardless, it doesn't matter. Uh, the tools down for future people that sign up for View Stats Pro and um yeah, now it's a funnel to help artists make more money. So, I'm really excited. Go check it out. Hey, go to viewstats.com and uh click on the hire the artist tab and, you know, go commission real artist, help them make more money. So, take care, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RohitPatidar-rx007: AI is seriously dengerous 😮

- Why Your Views Die After 48 Hours (and how to fix it): Kind: captions Language: en We've all had that feeling when we post out a brand new video, it starts getting some views, we get excited, and then two days later, nothing. Like, the views just stop. Well, that's not random. There's actually a reason this keeps happening. And once you understand what it is, everything changes. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly why that happens. And then I'll share five steps you can take to revive any video that stops getting views. So firstly, let's talk about why this actually happens. Because when you post out a new video, YouTube will immediately put it into what's called a test phase. And this is where the algorithm suggests your video to a small group of people. And the people in this small group is usually made up of your own subscribers and a few random people who've watched content similar to yours recently, but don't actually subscribe to you yet. And basically this test is done to analyze how those people in that group behave when they see your video. And this test will look at things like do they click on your video? Do they watch past the first 30 seconds? Did they finish the video? Did they like or comment on your video? And finally, do they watch another one of your videos afterwards? And basically all this does is this early data tells YouTube everything it needs to know about your video. Because if plenty of people click on your video and watch it, it means your video scores well in the test and YouTube will then start expanding its reach and pushing out to more and more people and therefore you'll get more and more views. But however, if those viewers in the first test don't click on your video or if they do click on it but then leave early or if they just don't engage with it at all, then the algorithm will assume it's not an interesting video or that it's a bad quality video and therefore it's going to stop recommending it. And that's why most of you will see a sudden little burst of views at the start and then nothing. Now, if that does happen to you, then it just means your video failed that first test. But that doesn't necessarily mean your video is bad or dead. It could just mean that the algorithm was suggesting that video to the wrong audience in the first place. Now, look, I know what I'm about to say might seem unfair, but bigger channels like mine, we don't suffer from this as much because our audiences are already trained. YouTube knows exactly what kind of viewer loves our content, but if your channel is smaller or inconsistent, the algorithm basically has no pattern to follow. So, every new video basically starts from zero. Now, the good news is if you do have a video that dies off after 48 hours, you can actually re-trigger the testing phase at any time. Like I said, there are five different things you can do to revive views on any video, and I'm going to break them all down for you right now. All right. So, the very first thing I recommend you do is add timestamps using keywords that are related to both your niche and the video itself. This is a great little way of adding in some sneaky SEO and discoverability to your video. And doing so basically actually re-triggers your SEO rankings because you're actually adding more metadata to the video on top of what it already had. And if you don't know what time stamps are, they're these things here, like little chapters. They break up the video, but they also add more context and SEO. Now, for me, I always actually usually write mine like this. I don't particularly like giving away the information. So, I'll say like method one, method two, method three, as it kind of keeps the content a secret and makes you need to watch it to find out. But if the views on this video died out, I would need to go in there and give it some more life. So, I would swap these into something a bit more SEO keyword heavy. And to do so, I'd get rid of method 1, method 2, method three, and instead I'd write something more like YouTube growth method one or how to get more views or best YouTube growth tips or YouTube growth tips one, YouTube growth tips two, for example. That way, I'm still describing the video, but I'm throwing in a few more related keywords to my niche in there as well, and the algorithm loves it. Then the next method is one that actually barely anyone talks about, which I find strange, but this can completely revive a dead video overnight if done correctly. And this is what I call seasonal or timely refreshing. Because here's the thing, YouTube loves fresh content. And sometimes your video just needs a bit of tiny new fresh data. So let me explain what I mean. Basically, if your video covers a topic that's timebased, like trends or certain products or travel spots or workouts or even like tips for the new year, you can easily give it a second life by updating it to match what's relevant right now. For example, if you posted a video called, I don't know, the top 10 best side hustles, but it's completely dead now after 48 hours, don't delete it. Instead, go in and just update a few key things. change the title to something like best side hustles for 2025 brackets updated. And then maybe even go into the thumbnail just to include the text 2025 as well because when you do this, YouTube actually treats it like a fresh little upload and it's going to re-evaluate your video and start another little micro test. And you can also do this with seasonal content, too. For example, let's say you have a video titled summer workout plan. You could just refresh this by updating the title to summer workout plan 2025. or if you're in travel, turn, let's say, top European destinations into something like top European destinations for winter 2025. That kind of stuff. This tiny little change can completely reset your entire click-through rate, and it can help YouTube to retest your video to a brand new audience that's actively searching for that content right now. So, just give it a try. Then, this next one might sound a little scary, but trust me, it works. So, if your video is completely dead after 48 hours, don't be afraid to re-edit the first 15 seconds and then re-upload it as a new video. Here's why. Most videos fail not because the content is bad, but because the hook doesn't grab attention fast enough, and YouTube retention data proves it. You will always see the biggest drop off of viewers within the first 30 seconds. So, if you can fix that, you can completely change how the algorithm treats your video. But if your video is like really dead and not bringing in any views at all, even after you've tried to revive it, like with one of the other methods, then here's what you can do instead. You should test a full re-upload, but instead with an improved opening hook and packaging. And to do this, you just need to make three small but powerful changes. Number one, obviously add a new thumbnail. Number two, try a different title. And number three, rewrite and re-record your first 15 seconds to hook people in better than before. Because like I said, sometimes the video itself is actually perfectly fine. But it could just be that the hook or the first impression has killed it. So just never be scared to re-upload a video with a few tweaks and just go again. And you don't even have to delete the old one if you don't want to. Then the next thing I want you to do is improve your audience signals. And what I mean by this is if your audience isn't watching enough related videos before or after watching your video, then the algorithm basically can't find a proper viewing journey pattern. So in this case, if you have videos that keep dying off after 48 hours, then you need to manually create a mini viewer path. And that's basically where you link your dead video to the best performing ones on your channel. So now I want you to go into your YouTube studio, find all of your best performing videos that are still bringing in a few views here and there, and then do the following. First of all, I want you to go in and pin a link to the top of the comments of each video and the description. And it's basically going to say something like, "If you enjoy this video, give this one a watch next. I'm sure you're going to love it." This means that they'll have another one of your videos to click on to as soon as they're done watching the current one. And then I also want you to add cards and end screens onto those videos as well, which again will point those viewers to your new video. Look, I know this might feel like a lot of work, but once you get the hang of it, it will become second nature to you. Doing so will allow you to reconnect the dead video into an active viewer journey, and that is what we want. And then finally, similar to the end screens trick we mentioned right at the start of the video, the final thing I would suggest you do is link all of your shorts to your new video. And you should know by now that YouTube gives you the option to link specific shorts to specific videos. So if viewers see one of your shorts, they will then be automatically suggested one of your long- form videos, too. It's basically going to come up here. It's another handy little trick you can use to drive traffic to a new video. So, I would suggest that every time you post a new video, go into every single shot on your channel and link your latest video to all of them. This will help with that extra few bit of views and exposure. And you could also use a tool like Nexus Clips to clip up those long form videos into shorts because like I said, having shorts directly related to your long form videos is the best way to grow your channel and bring in a very strong audience. So, when you do post out a new video, upload it to Nexus Clips, get the AI tool to clip up into five different shorts from that one video automatically, and then upload those shorts straight away to YouTube and link them all to your long form video. That way, you've posted like five bits of content from one video. And that's five different options of getting views. Anyway, look, if you're struggling to grow on YouTube right now, investing in a YouTube growth course could be the smartest move you'll ever make. Every successful creator you see on YouTube, whether it's Mr. beast, Ali Abdal, or anyone in between has at some point bought a course or paid for some sort of mentorship. Because the truth is, learning directly from the people who've already figured it out is the biggest cheat code to success on YouTube. And that's exactly why I created the YouTube Wealth Academy. I've spent the last 12, maybe even 15 months building it from the ground up. Taking everything I've learned from growing my own free channels and condensing it into one simple step-by-step system for all new, small, and even intermediate creators. Right now, you can grab it with $100 off using code 24 hours. Link is in the description below. But if you're not ready for that just yet, no worries. YouTube thinks that this video on screen right now is the perfect one for you to watch next. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [36 likes]: Work with me here (spots closing soon): https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @SynthhClips [1 likes]: my videos usally get around 2k-30k and completly flatline
help me dude
  3. @EchoesforyouLifetime [1 likes]: This song feels like a midnight memory 🌙✨
I tried creating cinematic English versions of Bollywood classics on my channel “Luna Maria Melodies!” for people who love emotional music and late-night vibes.
  4. @DarkAssassin334: does this work for shorts
  5. @SameHereYaar: What can I do for short form videos?
  6. @tinkabell39: Thaaaaaank you 😊..
Subscribed!
  7. @Found.AllWays: Under 100subs gang 🙌🙌🙌
  8. @noinaycomeo: Thank you for your sharing ❤
  9. @HistoricalFriction1: Thanks for the info! Just getting started
  10. @howienicu: trying my best to at least reach 1000 subs :)
  11. @NoDTVtm: Am I the only one having issues with verifying phone number? How do I fix that, can anyone spoil me please!
  12. @annmunireach1917: I think i get it now
  13. @SweetCandyTime: Good luck everyone 💪🏽
  14. @sweet-family-drama: Nice
  15. @rocketwadster4535: Us small creators need all the help we can get! If a subs video shows up, watch it (even if you have to put it in the background without sound on). If a meager 10% of your subs watched your videos, you would probably have your watchhours within a few months.
  16. @BrainYappp: Hi Guys:> I am small creator
  17. @Ralphyunfiltered: Let’s do it
  18. @simbassquad7350: Small creator here trying to share my cats' lives. This video is really good and I hope others in the comments can show us some love too ❤❤❤❤
  19. @SenselessYogi: Excatlly,..my last video seening good response after this trick
  20. @thecostiq: Let’s go new YouTuber, we will make it 😎💪 #nevergiveup

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- No Views? No Subscribers? TURN THIS OFF NOW!: Kind: captions Language: en If your videos are stuck at zero views, if you're posting shorts or long form and still getting no traction, you're probably making the same mistake I made. There are five hidden settings that YouTube doesn't tell you about, but if you get even one of them wrong, your entire channel could stay invisible. I used to be there. Zero views, zero watch time, no hope. But then I changed several crucial settings and everything flipped. I'm going to show you exactly how to do the same. My channel is called Felixie AI. In the past, I uploaded content I believed in, highquality, edited, optimized, but nothing worked. No views, no clicks, no hope. I almost gave up. But then I decided to stop guessing and start testing. I spent hours digging into YouTube Studio, reading forums, watching insider interviews, and I found a pattern, a combination of settings that almost every successful channel was using, and most beginners weren't. So, I tried it. I applied all five changes, uploaded a video, thousands of views. Now my channel is finally growing and even my brand new shorts channel is scaling like crazy. I want the same for you. So take 5 minutes and listen carefully because each step builds on the next. First setting is made for kids. Just go to YouTube Studio settings channel advance. You'll see this. Is your channel made for kids? Here's the truth. Unless you're creating nursery rhymes or toy unboxings, set this to no because if it's set to yes or even if you're reviewing it video by video, YouTube might push your content into the YouTube Kids platform. Give it to me. Give it to me. And that's like getting kicked out of the cool party and sent to the kitty table. No recommendations, no homepage traffic, no trending. Your video basically disappears like your socks in the washing machine. Once I uploaded a video and clicked yes by mistake. It flopped harder than my gym attendance in January, harder than a penguin trying to fly. Choose that no button and protect your content like it's your last slice of pizza. And that was the first domino. But then I discovered something newer and scarier. Scarier than opening your front camera by accident. Setting number two, altered content. YouTube just dropped a shiny new AI related flag. And if you skip this, your video might get ghosted harder than me after I said I love you in a group chat. When you're uploading a video, scroll down and hit show more. There it is. Is this altered or synthetic content? Now, if you click yes, you're basically telling YouTube, "Hey YouTube, I'm a robot from 3025. Please launch my video into the void. No joke, I tested it. When I clicked yes, my views flatlined faster than my grades after discovering Netflix. When I clicked no, the same video started showing up in browse and suggested. Here's the real kicker. This setting is especially harsh on shorts, where YouTube is flooded with AI content, but it's creeping into long form, too. Especially if you use stock footage, AI voices, faceless scripts, aka 90% of us trying to build a YouTube empire from our bedroom. Right? So, unless your video is faking real world people or events, click no. Before we get into the most crucial settings that literally changed my channel overnight and gave me crazy results, here's something I never thought would make such a massive difference. I had the perfect YouTube strategy, the right settings, the catchy hooks. But still, I was stuck editing shorts manually for hours. At this point, my timeline had seen more of me than my family. Then I found Clippy AI. Everything changed. This tool is a total gamecher for creators. It can autocreate viral shorts in trending formats like fake text combos, Reddit style stories, split screen videos, even top five ranking shorts that are blowing up right now. No more editing at 2:00 a.m. asking why did I choose this light. You just upload, name your video, and Clippy does the rest. So, if you're serious about shorts, the links in the description, and yes, you can test it for free. No excuses. Big thanks for Clippy for sponsoring this video. Setting number three, playlist strategy for suggested domination. You ever notice when you're watching a video and every single suggestion on the side is from the same creator? That's not luck. It's planned. So, here's exactly how you do it. Go into YouTube Studio, create new playlist, name it something that makes people want to click. Something like secret growth tactics that got me millions of views. Or honestly, how I survived editing 200 shorts without crying. Yeah, that's my life right now. Next, add your best videos to that playlist. Videos that actually relate, not like me and my ex. Set it to public. Copy the playlist link. And now here comes the ninja move. Drop that link in your video description and as a pinned comment. But wait, don't just throw the playlist there like it's trash. Be smarter than me on a diet. Go into one video from that playlist, click share, get a timestamped link. This way, viewers land on a specific video inside the playlist, and then YouTube starts recommending your other videos like crazy. It's like trapping them in your content loop. That's how you create binge sessions. But hold up, we're just getting started. Next, I'll show you how to make YouTube recommend your next video before the current one even ends. Stay with me. Setting number four, end screen funnel. Okay, this one's simple, but super powerful. Inside every video, hit that little end screen button. And now, what do most creators do? They slap a subscribe button and call it a day. But you, you're smarter now. You're thinking like a pro. Instead of just subscribe, select playlist. Pick the same playlist you just made. Why? Because the first video in the playlist becomes the one that shows up on your end screen, that thumbnail, and when they click, bam, the next one auto plays. It's like setting up a trap, but the kind YouTube actually loves. You turn one viewer into four views in one sitting. More watch time, more recommendations. But hold on, here's the catch. The end screen. It only shows up in the last 20 seconds. And let's be honest, most people don't even make it that far. They dip faster than me when I see my ex at the mall. So, what do we do? I got you. We'll fix that in the next step. But first, why this all works. YouTube isn't looking for just good videos. It's looking for content that's sticky. Content that keeps people watching. These five settings, they scream to YouTube, "Yo, this is human content. This creator, promote them. These viewers, they ain't leaving. They're binging." That's how I went from zero views to thousands. Bonus time. Want to learn more hacks? Join my Telegram channel. Daily YouTube automation tricks and shorts tips for free. Yeah, I said it. For freaking free. And no, I won't try to sell you a $997 course after 3 days, probably. Setting number five, cards that trigger curiosity. All right, you made a fire video, but people are still dropping off early, right? Yeah, that's because you're not using cards the right way. So, here's what you do. Go right below your end screen settings and click on the cards. Now, listen closely. At the 10-second mark, add a playlist card. Not just any playlist. Use that same banger playlist you made earlier. Why 10 seconds? Because most viewers are already getting ready to click away by 15. You have to hit them before their brain even whispers next. We're not giving them options. We're building a tunnel. A tunnel that keeps them locked into your world. That's trap number one. Now, fast forward to the middle of the video. Things are heating up. They're engaged. This is when you drop a channel card. If you've got another channel, this is your moment. Slide that thing in like a secret weapon. In my case, I use this to promote my editor's Yakia edit channel. And no joke, it is so useful weapon. But here's the real source. Don't just use boring text like, "Check this out." Please don't use teaser lines that spark raw curiosity. Don't miss this editing tricks channel or edit like a pro with Cap Cut effortlessly. These aren't just suggestions, they're traps for the curious brain. And let's be honest, we're all curious creatures. Every time someone clicks, they stay in your other world. They go deeper. And YouTube sees that. It sees them watching longer, clicking more, looping harder. And what does that mean? Algorithm love. Now, real talk. You've probably posted videos that got zero traction. They just sat there, flatlined, dead. That stops today. Because these five settings, they're not just tweaks. They're weapons. They're the stuff that big creators use quietly. So try them, test them, experiment with them, and when you start seeing the shift from 10 views to 100, from 100 to 10,000 and beyond. Come back. Drop a comment. Say, "Felixie AI, I made it. YouTube is easy now. I'll see it." And I'll know you're one of the few who gets it. I'm Felixy AI and I'm on a mission to help small creators finally win in this noisy world of YouTube growth and algorithms. If you learned even one thing today, smash that like button and if you're serious about growing fast, subscribe with notifications because in the next video, we're going to learn about something special. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Felixy_AI [815 likes]: Join my free community:
🔴https://www.skool.com/felixy-friends-5955
🔵Telegram Channel - https://t.me/felixy_ai
  2. @KonstantinosFlorakis14 [2 likes]: Small creators assemble here😅
  3. @SELAHSIGNAL [1 likes]: 0 views here 😂
  4. @Max-bc4u [1 likes]: took me like 2 hours Ngl
  5. @Blackhammer406 [1 likes]: Small creators or streamers gather here!
  6. @TriggerDollar [1 likes]: Small creators  in 2026 gather here
  7. @TheQuietMoneyHQ [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/@TheQuietMoneyHQ
  8. @KTSminecraftsss: We can do it new creators
  9. @x1uke-c5y: i am small craeter
  10. @MetaGuide7: I just wanted to say thank you for all the tips and advice you’ve shared over the past months. Your videos genuinely helped me stay consistent and keep improving instead of giving up early.

A month ago, reaching even 100 subscribers felt impossible. Today, after one month of consistent work, I’m just a hair away from my first 500 subscribers. That might sound small to big creators, but for small channels starting from zero, it feels huge.

To anyone reading this who feels like the mountain is too high to climb: keep going. Stay consistent, improve one video at a time, and don’t quit too early. If I could get this far, you absolutely can too.

Seriously, thank you again for the motivation and guidance. It means more than you probably realize.
  11. @VertAimsxx: This is really working for me ngl, I’ve been getting over 1k views every short I post, gained 50 subs in a couple of days 🔥😁
  12. @forgettablestory9: Thank you bro❤
  13. @Gojofan132: We can do it
  14. @Leafeon_22: Thanks
  15. @boyeusamohma: Hi
  16. @CeceOnPurpose1111: This is a lot of information, but can you help with us boomers? Who are still working on learning how to do this stuff thank you❤
  17. @RND_1M-r7x: Bro my video Got viral for 2 days and now it hold in 23 k😢
  18. @EldritchOtaku-k96: thanks brother.this is a big help.
  19. @MarioAntoquia-hw4oj: Not work😢 1:19
  20. @danhiel_tv8308: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CSdaKijb0A

- YouTube Stopped Recommending Your Videos? Fix THIS now: Kind: captions Language: en if YouTube isn't recommending your videos it's obviously because something isn't working and right now it's holding your channel back but the good news is there's an easy fix so in this video I'll show you exactly what's stopping YouTube from pushing your content and how you're going to fix it now the first reason why YouTube isn't pushing your videos could be because you haven't fully optimized your account yet now a lot of people either forget to do this or simply just don't know this option exists and it's extremely common amongst new channels so when you set up a new account YouTube basically has no idea who you are or what you're about so naturally it's going to struggle to understand who to show your videos to but this is where Channel tags come in now I'm going to guess that most of your channels will look like this which might be the reason many of you are not getting any views whereas your channel should actually look like this so to find your channel tags go to Studio click on settings and then click on channel now it's essential you fill these out and be as thorough as possible because these tags essentially allow you to tell YouTube what your channel is about and who the algorithm should show your content to now you have up to 500 characters worth of info to give about you and your Niche you can either fill these out yourself using tags that directly relate to you your channel and your Niche or if you're struggling with what to fill out use a tag generator like rapid tags just to put your niche in here and then it will spit out some tags related to that Niche you can then put these in here and the algorithm will now know exactly who to push your videos in front of which is a really easy fix and so that brings us on to another method needed to optimize your profile which is your channel description now this area here provides a fantastic area for SEO optimization just like your channel tags it is 100% recommended that if your videos still aren't getting many views you need to make sure you fill this out correctly now again it basically just tells YouTube who you are what your channel is about and it will ultimately help the algorithm in showing your content to the Right audience now to access this head to YouTube Studio click on customization and then scroll down here to description now the best way to do this is literally just by describing what your channel is about describing the niche you want to go into and then adding some keywords in there too along with Channel tags having your description optimized as well will really help YouTube position your account within the right Niche and it will Aid it when it pushes your videos out from now on now the next three things I recommend you do to help YouTube recommend your content is actually to do with your upload process now firstly again this is similar to the channel tags but in this case it's specific to each video you post so when you upload a new video you're going to have to go through the entire process of adding titles thumbnails descriptions tags hashtags and all of that and every video you post should have its own unique optimization that is tailored to each video however to save time and to make sure each video optimization directly matches and Al lines with your channel I would suggest you need to complete your upload defaults like this too so again to access this click on settings then click on upload defaults now I always leave title free because obviously the title changes each time I do a new video but for the description I always include links to my socials first and then under there I have a two sentence long SEO section which includes my Niche keyword at least three times it reads this video is a travel Vlog in as part of our Lux travel series subscribe to our Channel if you love travel so in that the keyword travel was mentioned three times and then after this I'll have four hashtags all related to travel 2 so whatever Niche you're in you should make sure you do something similar include your Niche key word in as much as you can but make sure it's done naturally and organically like don't just like copy and paste the same word 50 times because that simply just won't work now after that I always set my visibility to unlisted first and down here I always have these filled out which are the video tags so every time I upload a new video all of these tags here will automatically be added to it so I don't need to go in and do them manually every single time now as you can see I've only filled up half the 500 character limit and that's because these tags are standard tags for my channel they are pretty much the same as my channel tags we did earlier but I will always leave space for video specific tags that will add later on for each video so make sure yours looks like this but for your own Niche then on advanced settings I always go in and turn automatic chapters off because I like to do my own video chapters as YouTube doesn't always get it right I always tick dubbing which gives YouTube the option to dub your videos and translate them into different languages and lastly I always leave comments on with no moderation okay so now another thing to consider is that YouTube might not be recommending your videos because you don't fully understand what content resonates with your audience yet it can be tough sometimes especially being a small YouTuber to know exactly what type of content works well and what doesn't but this is where a tool like tube buddy can actually be really helpful their new Niche insights tool allows you to compare your channel against your competitors in terms of views or subscribers like here I've got nine competitors in my Niche and within the leaderboard section it puts my channel up against theirs to see who's performing better but what's even more useful is this section here the content standouts this has basically analyzed every single video posted by all of my competitors and it's identified the best performers and this gives me a really useful insight into exactly what types of videos work well in my Niche like the best video so far is how to get out a small Channel Hell by my friend Nate black nearly 400,000 views and over 12 times better than his channel average or this one how to get more views in 2 minutes by Marcus Jones a million views which is 15 times better than his channel a average so now I can take these proven Concepts and use them on my own channel but whilst it's good to know what's doing well it's also good to know what isn't doing too well as well so we can stay away from that so here we have the low performance and this section is really important to keep an eye on because it shows exactly what types of videos you should stay well away from now if you want access to this information I'd suggest giving to Buddy a try you can get their Pro Plan for $6 a month which is really good value for money if you are interested guys link is in the description below okay so now that is your channel optimized and your upload defaults done too but there's two more really simple and easy tricks you can utilize for more recommendations and these two crop up during the upload process of each video now some of you will already have these switched on but some of you may not so let's quickly make sure you have so when you're uploading a video I always want you to make sure you have allow embedding switch on turning this on is a simple but powerful way to get free external traffic and boost your YouTube views now when enabled your videos can be embedded into blogs news sites forums and even social media Pages meaning people can watch them without needing to visit YouTube directly this increases watch time it improves your video's ranking and helps Drive in new subscribers however if you disable this setting it will block those potential views so always keep this turned on to maximize exposure and let the web help you and distribute your content for you and last but not least we have enabling places mentioned which is really good for both local and Global Discovery enabling this setting actually helps YouTube and Google recognize locations in your videos making them more likely to appear in local search results and travel related recommendations so if you mention a city or a landmark or a region YouTube May automatically tag it boosting visibility to users searching for Content about that specific place this is especially powerful for travel food events or Vlog Style videos as it increases the chances of appearing in Google search results as well now to do this I'll run through one of my best performing travel Vlogs here now this travel Vlog in particular was from Mumbai India so to benefit from this you always need to add the location of that place in the location setting here but also mention the location in your description as much as you can naturally like this but also in the hashtags and then down here in the tags too and then finally if you can in the title now I always used to include each country's flag in the title too just to help with that extra bit of SEO so by strategically optimizing and tagging specific locations you can attract both local and Global audiences bringing in more organic views without any extra effort now for those of you lovely bench that are still with me me and my team have been working tirelessly behind the scenes creating the best YouTuber Academy out there for 2025 it has well over 10 years of the best YouTube growth knowledge to help you guys hit your first 10 or 100,000 subscribers and I will also give every single one of you the opportunity to make money even if you don't have any subscribers yet it's going to have hundreds of lectures and hours and hours of videos on how to grow every single aspect of your YouTube channel and it will also have the biggest community of YouTubers all supporting each other so if you're interested in becoming a founding member of this Academy sign up with the d The Creator link below in the description now the academy should be released on the 21st of March so if you're watching this video after the 21st of March hit that link in the description and join my Academy I promise you you won't regret it thanks very much for watching I hope you enjoyed it I hope you learned something I guess I'll see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [295 likes]: Want me to help you grow your channel? Join here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Randomcontentstudios [1 likes]: But I do random stuff so I can't really use them tips
  3. @HEY-w3o: Any small content creators here for supporting each other?
  4. @SigmaSigmaMC: I haven’t grown in 3 months 😭🥀
  5. @JaypeeMahn-Jaypeerp6sx: Please I'm interested ❤all the way from 🇵🇬Papua New Guinea
  6. @PetstudioAi26: I’d like to ask for some advice—I started a new channel in January and posted 6 short videos, but then I stopped for three months. Now, I want to take it seriously and manage it properly. Should I continue using the current channel, or should I start a new one? I'm asking because the two videos I posted recently have very few views—less than 10 people watched them! 😂
  7. @SimplyCarol-rk2vy: Small YouTubers let’s go😊
  8. @Nature018enthusiast: 😮😮
  9. @Johntvy67: lets go
  10. @Scenic_Seeker: My shorts was stuck, I did few changes watching this video and helped me to get a sudden boost in number of views. Thanks Man.
  11. @IgorAndJane: Didn't know about channel tags. I learned something new from your video. Thanks 👍.
  12. @SimpleMelodicMovements: Nice information
  13. @Tik_Blaise_Official1: You are the best one
  14. @zahidexplain-v3r: So we should upload video in yt studio desktop mode?
  15. @souravbanik2009: Great information ❤
  16. @kamikaiju_8: Support...
  17. @Editor_Jke7: Small content creators here 😊
  18. @trexeIe: Wish me luck I just a new channel yesterday and it’s my first time
  19. @DamianCiortea: Im from mobile and I dont fucking now where the setting with chanale is
  20. @Manhwa-hub-j1e: YouTube is hiding my videos even when i searched for the videos titles it doesn't show up at all instead I get a message saying this title isn't available on YouTube

- YouTube Click Through Rate Explained: Kind: captions Language: en - If you've ever been confused by your click-through rate, or you don't know how to interpret what it is that you're seeing, or you don't know what's good, or what's bad, or what to even think about your click-through rate, this video is going to demystify all of that for you, and by the time we're finished, you're gonna have a very good understanding of your click-through rate and how to look at it when you're looking in your YouTube analytics, engaging that against the performance of your videos. And we're starting right now. This video is part of my subscriber Q & A series where I answer your questions about YouTube. Today's question comes from Rebekka Roe from Simple Finance. Rebekka says, "I have a question about click-through rates and the algorithm. I've always thought that I have a bad click-through rate because I average about three to 5%. However, my most recent videos also have an average of 5.7%, not that much higher, and has brought in over 1,000 views in the first two days. My other videos average 40 to a 100 views in that period. So is it not really the click-through rate that matters as much?" And then she has some additional information there and says, "My question is, should I pay more attention to the click-through rate and try to improve my thumbnails, or should I just keep making my videos and wait for YouTube to find the right audience for my other videos as well?" So first, thank you, Rebekka, for that question. So when it comes to the answer to this, instead of just telling you from my experience, I'm actually gonna show you what YouTube has to say about the questions that you have, so that way you're getting your answer from their official documentation. So here in the YouTube help pages, they have the question of how do I know if my impression click-through rate is high or low? What YouTube says is, "Impressions click-through rate measures how often viewers watch the video after seeing a registered impression on YouTube." If you're new to YouTube, an impression is when they show your video to somebody on the platform. "It likely represents a subset of your channel's total view, since not all impressions are counted in this metric, such as those on external websites or end screens. Impressions click-through rate will vary based on the type of content, audience, and where the YouTube impression was shown. Keep in mind that your video thumbnails are always competing against other videos, whether on the homepage, "Up Next," or on the watch page in search results, and even in subscription feeds." So what they're saying right there is when you publish your videos, that you are competing with pretty much everything that YouTube thinks is a good fit for your viewers. So when you are looking at your click-through rate, it varies just based on the other videos that you're competing against there as well, so if a bunch of other videos are kind of taking the traffic, then in that particular case, even though you could be getting impressions there, you could just be getting beaten out by all the other videos that you're competing with at that point in time, even if your click-through rate is a little bit higher. Now, if you wanna know what's good when it comes to your click-through rate, here's what YouTube has to say about that. "Half of all the channels and videos on YouTube have an impression CTR that can range between 2% and 10%." The thing that is the most important to remember here is that your click-through rate, you need to make sure that you're looking at that compared to the impressions that you're getting. So for example, if you get a 100 impressions on a video, and you have a high click-through rate on that, well, in that particular case, it's only been sampled to a 100 people, and based on how YouTube works, out of those 100 people, those are the most likely people to enjoy your content. That's why YouTube is showing it to them first. That's also why when you are publishing your content, you'll see a higher click-through rate when you first publish your video, and then it can start falling down from there, not always, but that's extremely common. Now, the next thing I wanna bring to your attention is this. YouTube also says that, "New videos or channels, like those less than a week old, or videos with fewer than a 100 views can see an even wider range. If a video gets a lot of impressions, such as if it appears on the homepage, it's natural for the CTR to be lower. Videos where most of the impressions are from sources like your channel page may have a higher click-through rate. Ultimately, it's best to compare CTRs between videos over the long term, and keep in mind how their traffic sources will affect click-through rates." Now, if you're new to YouTube, this might sound like a bunch of gibberish, because they're talking about traffic sources, and click-through rates, and impressions, and all these things, but what your traffic sources are is on YouTube, they have a handful of different pages where you're gonna pull most of your traffic from. So that's gonna be homepages, it's gonna be suggested videos, and it's gonna be YouTube search. So when you go into your traffic sources report in your YouTube analytics, those are three of the options that you're gonna see. But you're also gonna see external, you're going to see channel pages and things like that. make sure that you're not looking at this particular part of your analytics for your click-through rate. Instead, what you want to do is for the video that you're looking at the click-through rate, you actually want to click into the video, and then go into the analytics for the individual video, and then from there, you want to go into your advanced mode of the analytics, then into your traffic sources. And once you're in there, then you're actually going to see how your videos are performing in all of the different pages of YouTube, which gives you a lot better insights on your real click-through rate. And here's another really important thing that YouTube says about your click-through rate and trying to raise "Avoid trying to increase your CTR using thumbnails or titles that are clickbait. YouTube will recommend a video to viewers if the video is relevant to them and if the video's average view duration indicates that viewers find it interesting. Clickbait videos tend to have low average view duration, and therefore are less likely to get recommended by YouTube. You can tell if your thumbnail is clickbait if it gets a high CTR, but and lower than expected impressions." Now, that part is extremely important. So they don't go into the nuance of it here, but here's what that actually means. So when YouTube is serving your videos to people on their platform, the only thing that the system is wanting, or the only thing that YouTube wants is that when they present your videos to people, if it's something they're interested in, then they click on it, and they come in and they have a good experience with your content. So YouTube is trying to keep viewers satisfied, and keep them on their platform by showing them the right content at the right time that they're most likely to engage with and enjoy. Because of that, it's important to make sure that when you are looking at your click-through rate, you're not just looking at the click-through rate number itself, but you're also looking at the watch time that's being generated from your video. So when you are looking at the effectiveness of your thumbnail, what you actually wanna look at is, of course, you wanna look at the number for the click-through rate compared to the impressions that it's getting, because the impressions part is really important, but you also wanna look to see how those impressions led to watch time. So for example, if somebody's interacting with your content and they're leaving quickly, just like that message that I just showed you, then YouTube's going to deem it as a non-satisfactory experience. However, if somebody clicks on your video, and your video matches their expectation, they're more likely to watch that video for a longer period of time, which then tells YouTube that they're enjoying your content and that you're not misleading people, which is giving them what they want, and in return, they're going to give you what you want as the content creator, which is showing your videos to more people that are also likely to enjoy it and have that great experience. And another thing that you want to think about when it comes to your click-through rate and how it relates to the watch time that you're getting on the videos is when somebody is looking at your thumbnail and your title from the outside, the only information they have about your content is what they're seeing right there, so that expresses the topic of the video to them and whatever it is that they might experience in the content. So because of that, you have to make sure when you're putting your thumbnails together and your titles that you are ensuring that you're building the right expectation for what it is that they're going to get inside of the video. And when you do that, it's going to create a much better experience for your viewers, which then is going to help YouTube again recommend it to more and more people. So what you wanna think about, Rebekka, and anybody else that's dealing with this is when you are looking at especially when you're comparing it to other videos, you're also considering the impressions that it's getting and the watch time that's happening on those videos as well, in terms of the actual watch time and the percentage viewed, because those are also a reflection of the experience that people are having and if it's satisfactory or not. And when you're comparing videos, another thing that you wanna make sure you're thinking about is, okay, if I have a video that's getting a 5.7 click through rate after, let's say, 1,000 impressions on YouTube homepage, and then I have another video that has a 6% click-through rate also on YouTube homepage with 200 impressions, even though it might look like that 6% is going better, it has a lot fewer impressions, which means it's been tested against fewer people, so because of that, it's easier to keep that number high, whereas you've had 1,000 impressions on the 5.7, which makes that one a stronger click-through rate, because it's been shown to more people, and more people have responded positively to it. If you wanna learn more about YouTube and see other videos in this series, click into this playlist right here. And if you want your question answered, make sure that you reply to my community posts when I do post the option there to ask your question for these particular videos. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [19 likes]: For more questions answered from the community, check out this playlist...there are a lot of really good ones in here - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLsDhsOkbwsC7t8nHpMAwCoVM4dUbWb-_z
  2. @SharkSRT [7 likes]: I was wondering why people randomly change thumbnails after an hour 😂
  3. @peace-u7n [2 likes]: Thank you
  4. @buddysally886 [2 likes]: Some of my vids have like 8% and get no views but then some with 3-4 gets thousands , I don’t get it
  5. @thatguybis1997 [2 likes]: Quick question. For my most recent video, CTR was about 7% outperforming my usual average, view duration very high as well. View duration has continued to climb as CTR has continued to decrease. CTR has dropped to 4.8% and is now a checkmark and will probably continue to fall, but AVD has gone from 7 mins near the start to 8:33. Looking at more details like the Advanced tab, Browse is at 7.1% with an 8:49 AVD and Suggested is at 2.8% with an 8:37 AVD. The video is approximately 17 mins long for reference.

So what does this mean? Should I be worried about CTR and start thumbnail testing to see if I can bring it back up, or just accept that CTR is going to drop significantly as impressions scale upward? This is a common pattern with all of my videos as well lately that I don't remember happening before.
  6. @Painturassoff [2 likes]: are they showing the video or you mean they show the thumbnail to your video?
  7. @POValue [2 likes]: 1% CTR on 130k impressions 1600 views with 22% retention. Should I change my thumbnail?
  8. @SilentClueX [2 likes]: Hi, I was wondering if you could help me understand something: my video has around a 10% click-through rate and about 80% completion rate, but it’s still getting less than 100 impressions. Do you know why that might be?😭
  9. @TechEBytes-w9r [1 likes]: Hi, nick i was watching your vidoes and u explain everything pretty Well and i appreciate it,  But i got a question as per the recent YouTube algorithm 

Does tags matter in a video? And is it a thing that longer description = more impression?
  10. @mister_phrases [1 likes]: I came here to find out what the hell is that I see in many videos.
  11. @ZainThumbnails [1 likes]: This is really helpful! 👍
Many creators don’t realize that thumbnails actually decide whether a video gets clicks or not. Even small changes in colors and text can increase CTR a lot.
  12. @learnyogawithvishal [1 likes]: Thankyou Sir !
  13. @GrowWithKelvin-tv [1 likes]: Great video Nick
  14. @pantopol [1 likes]: thank you for an explanation!
  15. @Freedomistman [1 likes]: I only watched this video halfway through and I did not leave alike and I did not become a member or subscribe which means he doesn't earn a dime But I left a comment but it doesn't mean much if I didn't do the other stuff. Sorry chummily.
  16. @labedition3010 [1 likes]: 4:02 Thanks Nick i always learn something new from you!!!!!! 🤗
  17. @kalth01-Sc [1 likes]: my Impressions click-through rate 0% 3 videos
  18. @basilapproved [1 likes]: Thank you for the video. 

I am just learning about this for my own channel. I watched the whole of this video as a preview to see if i could (i only clicked on it to leave this comment) and I understand that Youtube only considers it a 'view' if the viewer actually clicks the video?

This feels like a total con by Youtube as its allowing our content to be watched with Youtube having to pay us?

That's why we are all getting good impressions but low views, right? Because people just watch as a preview for convenience..
  19. @bambarossssa [1 likes]: thanks bro
  20. @HowToitive: Thanks, Nick - appreciate the indepth explanation!

- Common YouTube thumbnail mistakes you are making, and how to avoid them: Kind: captions Language: en hello guys welcome to this video and today I'm gonna be talking about the most common mistakes that you might be making while you're creating your thumbnails right so if you're watching this video I'm guessing that you have a YouTube channel you're probably serious about it because you're trying to improve your watching videos on how to get better at it so that's the type of people that I want watching this videos right people that are serious people that are trying to improve so if you're that type of person you need to watch this video because I have made over like 200 thumbnails over my lifetime probably even more I have two YouTube channels for the other one I made up like I don't know fix I don't know like let's say like 30 thumbnails now for this YouTube channel I had to make over 220 thumbnails so I have a little bit of experience let's say I have a little bit of experience with this and you know I don't want you to have to make all the mistakes that I made you know I can call your learning curve a lot if you watch this video you have to go through all those mistakes I can show them to you right now instead of spending years and years trying to figure them out by yourself so keep on watching this is really important video for you okay so first of all this is one of the mistakes that I realized when I was beginning when I was in the beginning of my youtube career let's put it that way so what does this mean here this little black box here normally well not normally and always in the YouTube videos here's where you have like the time like how long the video is you know so I don't know if you understand what I'm saying but every time you will watch a youtube video and you see the thumbnail you're always gonna have oh okay so you're always gonna have the thumbnail and here's gonna be the time of the video so I see a lot of people sometimes they don't take that into account but that's really important because you have like this portion of the screen that is gonna be covered by that number so if you put let's say for example I know you're making a tutorial and you put like how to cook yo okay so you're like how to cook pasta for example varna and that's your thumbnail and the title is here and it looks like this let's say that right then this is gonna be covered like the letters are gonna be covered by this number and your you're not going to be able to see it and I see that happening quite quite often you know with some people it's not that common but sometimes they say that this thing here covers the letter so you have a kid that in mind when you're creating the thumbnail I mean when I'm creating a thumbnail I'm always thinking about this then I know that okay that's gonna be there so I have to put the letters it's gonna be better if I put the letters here so that they're not gonna be covered by the number right so that's mistake number one that I see really interesting really important okay another thing that I see happening a lot is obviously that the letters are too small and what you gotta realize is that obviously yeah this is recording perfect okay so you gotta realize obviously that this is what the people are gonna see right you're you're seeing what you're creating the thumbnail you're here you're looking at it from this perspective well the people are gonna see is pretty much this you know so make sure that every time you're creating a thumbnail every time you change something or you add something zoom out so you're gonna see the whole picture very small this is how you're gonna see it for real so you got a Eddie having this in mind like okay this is what people are gonna see is this something that's gonna catch my attention see something that I'm gonna read and as I figure out like are the letters too small or the are the colors like - sometimes what happens also it's like let's say they have like a I don't know you have like a blue sounds like a dark blue background like that of course this is a little bit a little bit exaggerated this is a little bit over-the-top but if you have something like this maybe from this perspective it looks good you know it's like oh how to cook pasta right but then if you put it here people are not gonna read it because the letters don't pop you know like you don't see the letters you see like when it's small you just look like like the same thing so if you put another color if you make the learners like red for example yeah that let's change this here or even white if you just put it white like white letters people are gonna be able to read it much better so always have that in mind that people are scrolling through you know people are just they start something or they're they're like scrolling through YouTube they're not gonna they're not gonna be paying close attention to your thumbnail they're just gonna watch the thumbnail for like one second or like two seconds that's it right so of course because you made the thumbnail you're like looking at it and you see all the details and all the little stuff people are not gonna do that you know people are just gonna watch the thumbnail for like one or two seconds even like half a second and they're gonna decide if they want to watch the view or not so you gotta make things pop you're gonna make things like make sure that the relevant information is the first thing that you see it's the first thing that you see on the picture so have that in mind with the letters most like for the most part you know the letters are gonna play a big part on on the thumbnail because it sells like the information what the video is about sometimes people don't even read the titles you know if they're scrolling through if they are scrolling through YouTube like really fast they're not gonna really title for the most part they're just gonna watch the thumbnails so you have to convey as much information as you can and make things really obvious you know really like make them pop like in this example right so what else can we say here also oh I brought this picture here so make a little example yeah this picture I chose this one because you know like it's like the most common picture in the world so yeah this is not like a mistake but this is like a tip that I'm giving you it's like use this go here to filter sharpen and do a smart sharpen so here pretty it's try different numbers and see what works better because what this is gonna do as I was saying you're gonna make things pop you know so this is gonna make the picture pop more then it normally does well the difference is not that big in this picture really but all right now that's it well yeah you can see a little bit of a difference okay with these pictures maybe not a good example but trust me just try it you know just try it with your thumbnails try to do this and see if it works better let's say if you have a face with faces it works a lot like if you do the smart sharpen you use this filter the face is gonna pop a lot more in the picture so also these three goes you wanna do this even if from here it looks a little bit exaggerated it looks a little bit over the top remember as I said like people are gonna watch this it's like really small so you want to make things very obvious very like defined and maybe even if it looks horrible from here if the picture is really small and you put a lot of sharpening to it like that filter the smart sharpen you know it's gonna be more eye-catching for the people that are scrolling through YouTube so that's a little tip that you can use a little trick that's also interesting so another thing that you can use curves what I normally do is I do this I take this here and I put this here I cried like this curve this shape right and what it does is like it makes the dark things darker and the bright things brighter so basically let's see the difference here you can see it's like it's much more it pops a lot more so you can use all the things all of those things to make the thumbnail a lot more eye-catching right what else can we do here oh no man oh yeah also you can use the saturation which is human saturation if you make it more saturated it's also gonna pop a lot more as you can see it pops a lot more of course that you don't want to overdo it but just keep that in mind like people are gonna watch the people are gonna see the picture much smaller so if you can make it like really bright really like crazy looking it's not gonna be that bad when you see it in a small small thumbnail right so what else do we have me I mean that's it I think that's pretty much it yes I'm really making this video a little bit like I'm kind of improvising here I knew a little I knew some things that I was gonna say that I think these are the most important ones here you can see here we have a really cool really cool thumbnail actually I think that if I made the stroke black it would look better yeah maybe I think this looks much better also another thing I think it's gonna be like the last thing it doesn't really matter if the thumbnail looks very cool like very aesthetic like super cool effects with like the graphics and all that sometimes thumbnails that look ugly can do much better than thumbnails that look really cool because they catch the attention of the viewer in a better way that doesn't mean that you have to make your thumbnails look ugly but keep that in mind that at the end of the day like the purpose of the thumbnail is to get more views right that's the whole purpose of it so I mean like take that in mind don't sacrifice the views for making a thumbnail that looks cooler and like more artisti or whatever well Aaron I think I don't forget about that I'm just talking a little bit off the top of my head but just keep that in mind right like the founder doesn't have to look super professional like super cool they can look like this yeah this is not a super cool thumbnail but I looks nice you know me like it's probably gonna get a lot of use yeah yeah here how to cook back style you have the cool the cool background stuff well I'm just talking trash right now so I'm gonna end this video because I'm rambling too much so yeah man thank you for watching I hope this was helpful so as I said in the beginning oh I didn't say it sorry I'm gonna say now if you wanna if you want me to make some notes for your YouTube channel if you're struggling with the thumbnails and if you're watching this video as I said I'm guessing that you have a YouTube channel and you're trying to improve we're trying to get better at it you try to make your channel look better so if you want me to help you with that you're serious about it you really want to improve hit me up you know like go in the comments section and tell me like hey I want you to I want you to make a thumbnail for my video or whatever and we can work together you know but this is only for people who are serious about it you know so keep that in mind but if you don't if you don't want to make that investment just keep practicing you know remember that I have a lot of free content like 100% of my content is free you can go to my channel watch all the videos if you want to 100% for free it doesn't matter so yeah go to my channel check it out if you want and yeah see you on the next videos thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mrlifemr_life [2 likes]: Nice
  2. @NerdyTechy [2 likes]: 5 views?! Deserves way more
  3. @ISTHATSANI [1 likes]: Deserves way more views and congrats your almost at 1k

- YouTube Thumbnail Mistakes To Avoid And How To Fix Them: Kind: captions Language: en you want to improve the click-through rate of your YouTube thumbnails your thumbnail will determine if somebody watches your video or a different one in this video you'll learn the common YouTube thumbnail mistakes to avoid and how to fix them hi herman drost here from drostdesigns.com if you want to grow your audience on YouTube and generate traffic leads and sales on autopilot click the subscribe button and click the bowel notification icon so you'll be notified whenever I have a new video where does YouTube show your thumbnails it shows them on the channel home page they appear on up next on the watch page and the recommended videos on the YouTube home screen in the search results in the suggested videos on the right-hand side of the page and even in your subscription feed this means your YouTube thumbnails are always competing with thumbnails from other channels so you need to make them stand out here are 13 YouTube thumbnail mistakes to avoid and how to fix them number one not optimize for mobile viewers more than half your audience is watching your videos on mobile devices therefore you've got to make sure that your thumbnails look good at a small size number two too busy when you have too many images or too much text in your thumbnail it looks cluttered and it'll be hard to read instead just use my two images and two or three different words number 3 blurry images here it's sharpen the images in your thumbnail it may not be clear to the viewer what the image actually is for example if you use canva you can use the blur tool to sharpen your images another thing you can do is add an outline around the image so it stands out from the background and other images number four not using bold contrasting colors use bold colors and your thumbnails so they'll be easy to see and a small size also use complementary colors like blue red and yellow another way to make your images stand out is to increase the saturation if using canva you can just increase the saturation using a saturation tool number 5 not using bold text if you use a skinny font it'll be hard to read at a small size try to use a font that is at least 30 points when adding words to image just add two or three words so it doesn't look cluttered number 6 not telling a story your thumbnail image should try to encapsulate the content of your video if I use words and images that begin to tell a story of your video number seven don't use a screenshot of your video the quality of a screen is not very good so it's better to take a separate picture using your camera this is particularly true if you using the face in your thumbnail try to use the best picture you can that focuses on the eyes because the eyes are the window to the soul number eight no branding if you want your thumbnails to stand out from your competitors thumbnails it has to have something unique to your channel this can be accomplished by using your face a logo or both so when people see a thumbnail on the net they'll easily be able to associate your thumbnail with your channel if using an image of your face try to use different expressions for different thumbnails number 10 creating a cliff baby image if you create a thumbnail image that is not true to the content in your video you might get a high click-through rate but you'll get a low watch time if you get a low watch time then YouTube won't promote your video on other people's channels and suggested videos the best scenario is to get a high click-through rate in a high watch time check the link in the card to get my watch time optimization tips number 11 forgetting about the time stamp in the bottom right hand corner YouTube places a time stamp in the bottom right hand corner of every thumbnail image therefore if you place an image or text in the bottom running corner it's going to be covered up number 12 avoid repeating the title in the thumbnail instead of using the exact title in your thumbnail try to think of words that complement the title ideally your thumbnail and title should work together to motivate someone to click on your video they should also be a preview of what's coming next number 13 not improving your thumbnails it's easy to get complacent with your thumbnails and think they're doing fine instead try to get feedback from others so you constantly improve your thumbnail designs now know the common mistakes to avoid when designing your thumbnails if you want to know how to make a clickable thumbnail without using Photoshop click the link in the card I'll show you how to make an attractive thumbnail using free design software within a few minutes here's an important thing to keep in mind according to youtube you can increase the chance of YouTube suggesting your content by increasing your click-through rate and your video watch time I've already explained how to increase your click-through rate by creating better thumbnails click the link in the card to get my watch time optimization tips so YouTube will suggest your videos to more people if you extend the time of people watching your videos or successive videos in a row then YouTube will suggest more of your videos on other people's channels when more of your thumbnails appear on more places on YouTube then you'll get more views and subscribers in your we'll take off if you want to grow your audience on YouTube and generate traffic leads and sales on autopilot click the round subscribe button below and download my free youtube evaluation worksheet thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @c-tology [3 likes]: Thank you for the tips! I'm trying to get more views and more traffic to my channel so this really helps!
  2. @InsomniacDestiny: Excellent video, thank you!  

I've heard some people create templates with a rectangle in the bottom right to remind them not to put anything behind where the timestamp would be.

Is there any kind of measurement you could give for the timestamp area? I.e. _ x _ pixels, or stay away from _ pixels from the bottom and _ pixels from the right?  Thanks again!
  3. @CassThompsonConsulting: I love Canva. Thanks for giving tips in software that's easily accessible!
  4. @tradingcardboss: Another fab useful vid ⭐️
  5. @TheGrillShack: I noticed the suggestion to add an outline around the image, is that a function in Canva also?
  6. @HeatherGerhardt: Always great tips.  Never miss a video!
  7. @VideoCashflow: Another brilliant video - great tips!
  8. @ebony_rose: I didn’t know about that in Canva. Great tips!!
  9. @RetireCertain: Great video, I tend to link to other folks discussing similar topics so that I can have my videos show up on the side of their videos too. Keep up the exceptional work. :)
  10. @professornez: This is awesome! Great tips Herman! Keep up the great work! Are you going to #VidSummit this year?
  11. @thechristianmompreneur: Another great video!
  12. @edmyoga: Fantastic tips for YouTube Thumbnails! Thanks Herman!
  13. @SimplySharonTips: Excellent Herman.  Do you think its worth having your Channel name on the thumbnail or leave it off and let the branding do the job?  Thanks Herman.
  14. @ApolloniaPonti: Great video Herman! I just didnt see the link in the card on one of the first ones where you put the red arrow. :) You have helped me with my thumbnails! Thanks.
  15. @PalmTreeTeachingTV: So informative and great presentation! X
  16. @healthyvoicetips: I am making some of these mistakes so I am going to improve my thumbnails. Thanks for sharing!
  17. @GoPappyGo: Awesome tips Herman, Thanks for the reminders.
  18. @AdrianaGirdler: Hi Herman - Number 11 never even occurred to me (YT time stamp in bottom right corner). Great tips.
  19. @VictoriaLioznyansky: Awesome content as usual. Loved these tips and will be looking at my thumbnails to optimize! Thank you for sharing!
  20. @paulineenewman: Love your content and easy to use tips and tricks.

- Biggest Thumbnail Mistakes Small YouTubers Make (and how to fix them!): Kind: captions Language: en today I'm gonna show you five thumbnail design tips that will help you get more views on your YouTube videos let's get started it's Owen video hey welcome to the channel I'm Owen video foot and YouTube thumbnails are a very important part of a well balanced YouTube breakfast in fact YouTube thumbnails are unique because every single person who watches a video on YouTube first clicks a thumbnail so a bad thumbnail means you're gonna get less views but a good thumbnail means you're gonna get more views makes sense good cuz the real takeaway is this when you know what makes a thumbnail bad and when you know what makes a thumbnail good you can make better thumbnails and get more views let's dig into it the thumbnail you're looking at now is done by Karen Carr one of my favorite youtubers she made the thumbnail herself using canva and it's not bad but of the people that actually saw the thumbnail how many of them actually clicked it and that my friends is a Daily Double what is click-through rate great question the click-through rate measures how many people saw your video thumbnail versus how many of them actually clicked it and how many minutes of watch time they watched on your channel because of it now the CTR we got on this thumbnail was just far too low it's embarrassing I can never show my face here again but that's when we started to think if Karen can double work click-through rate on four point four thousand impressions then not only will she double her views but she'll add two thousand two hundred and twenty minutes of watch time to her channel yeah baby there's literally nothing you can do to increase your views on YouTube right now then make a better thumbnail and here are five design tips that will help to make your thumbnails better tip number one is the background this is the first layer of your thumbnail and every other picture lies on top of it your thumbnail needs to be subtle but simple you've got to show a sense of depth otherwise it looks like you're fake and in a fake place and that's just totally fake in Karen's original thumbnail you can see that the background is plain it's got no depth it's just flat and flat designs are boring they make me think of print shopping and you know what you should never make me think of print shop remember those printers all the little holes the size of the paper it's disgusting instead use a contextual background like an office space or a picture of your studio then add a color tone to it and decrease the opacity so in Karen's case we swapped out her old background with the new background that featured a picture of real estate because that's what she does and then we added a color overlay to it doesn't that look better step number two of designing a better thumbnail is the hero shot and the hero shot should be a picture of a human even if your video is about an object the thumbnail should feature a human using the object I recommend that the hero space take at least 40 percent of the thumbnail space and I'm talking about your face not your whole body get rid of the waist high shots we need to see your eyes because that's how you create connection with your viewer look at these thumbnails here before implementing these design tips now look at these thumbnails here that follow this design tip notice a difference it's the size of the hero's face in the shot is it still there so in Karen's case we took out this waist-high pic and instead zoomed in on her face which felt a little weird at first but in the end it gave us a better pump now the next thumbnail design tip is your text and I see so any of you screwing this up your text should be no more than four words but really try to keep it to three words and never ever restate the title of the video in the text like this but instead support the title of the text and the take away with text that creates intrigue or invokes an emotion like rage or possibly or oh man but the biggest mistake that I see youtubers making is adding too much text like this or the text is too small and hard to read like this one here so in Karen's case we added these color boxes before adding the text this gave us like a stage for adding the text later we wanted these boxes to look really good so we added some outlines a little bit of shadowing some texture to make them look real good and then we added the text on top of that you might even want to play with adding text effects like a stroke or a shadow after adding it to the color box doesn't that just pop out at the screen and the next thumbnail design tip is clickability clickability represents your icons or images that you would add on top of the thumbnail to create context and curiosity the images or icons that you add should be easily recognizable to the industry or interest of the target viewer nobody ever does this well except my friend Anthony am breeze and you can see by his thumbnails here he always adds an interesting little icon that grabs your eye and leads the viewer to make a clip in Karen's case we added a picture of Garry B but we made him smaller because we wanted to let the viewer know that Karen is still the hero of the video but Gary's picture is highly recognizable in her industry and will definitely cause her viewers to play and the fifth and final thumbnail design tip is this consistency consistency means that you use a similar thumbnail design on all of your videos for an extended period of time when you change your thumbnail design for every video then your thumbnail gets lost in a sea of thumbnails but when your thumbnail design is similar in color and style to the other videos on your channel it creates brand and recognized ability so your viewers can pick you out in a sea of crowded thumbnails and watch your videos more that was done really well it's very dramatic [Music] so in Karen's case we turned this great-looking thumbnail into a template that we're gonna use on future videos to create visual continuity and recognizability on YouTube but here's the question did it work you put in all this time and effort literally slaving away for hours trying to create the darn thing and you might even fall in love with it or that thumbnail could stab you in the back so whether you implement just one design tip or all five on your next thumbnail you have to check the stats after uploading let's take a look at Karin's results as you can see by the chart that you're looking at now the gray line represents the performance of an average video on Karen's Channel but this blue line over here that is skyrocketing westward is the performance of her recent video using the thumbnail design that we just showed you it's going really high after doing the math we were able to tell that within minutes her views on the channel were 800 percent higher than her normal views and her click-through rate went from a horrible pitiful disgusting number like the one you see here and we raised it all the way to this really Purdy looking number here now I'm gonna share the number one mistake that youtubers are making in their video and how you can fix it in the first 10 seconds click on the video now I'm Owen and I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @TinkerManMick [3 likes]: Dude your on my must watch list with Nick and Brian's content now. Your channel is awesome dude!! Great advice thank u
  2. @TimRoseOfficial [2 likes]: LOL the Daily Double, man Owen you had me in stiches hahaha! I love your sense of humour!! This should have gone viral my friend. Seriously though, super awesome video. These tips are gold Owen, really a lot to think about. Will keep watching more tomorrow!
  3. @azaahmangie [1 likes]: Here to learn how to make thumbnail as a new YouTuber. 10 subscribers and 33 views in 24 hours! Yup yup
  4. @WilliamMerola-h9r4n: energy4U license n NH to Reduce CO2 Emissions for Humanity ❤❤❤
  5. @RatanBurman-x5m: How to get more views i m newly started shorts  from India
  6. @mp7692: Very informative❤️❤️
  7. @michaelpoczynek: Good stuff thanks.
  8. @sunnyrana914: Owen Video
  9. @zayworldtech: Dramatic and informative ⚡✅
  10. @JerryantoMakatangin: I like☺☺🙏
  11. @ZoyaMN: help me I helped you 😚😚
  12. @ValsReview: Came from Savvy...great tips and very entertaining
  13. @Soroosh.S83: Thanks man
This video was helpful
Nice
  14. @momandsunny343: Awesome content Owen. Subbed
Could you please suggest how can we including two main people in one thumbnail to make it clickable. Tq
  15. @ThePuzzlePieceExegete: Just made a change to one of my thumbnails with these tips. Thanks!!
  16. @Aileensjournal: I learned a lot from you thanks a lot Owen
  17. @RichSparksRealEstate: Great step by step awesome content thanks for sharing
  18. @DanCurrier: I’d bet half the people watching this have no idea about the printer paper with the holes or the distinct noise the printer made.
  19. @matthewhirayama: I love how we as creators and entrepreneurs push the boundaries of new content that is different but still valuable to viewers. This is a SOLID video, thank you partner
  20. @TravelingWellForLess: Wow! Great but simple, easily to apply tips!

- Mistake In THUMBNAIL Of My BIGGEST Thumbnail Fails (So You Don't Have To!): Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnail Thumbnail Thumbnail. So thumbnail is an important part of the video and you can say an important element which increases the CDR and SEO of the thumbnail to a great extent. So this is an important thing and some people think it is a useless thing. I make it anyhow and if the video is good then today I will tell you what mistakes you make in a thumbnail and how you can correct it with the help of editing, will you click on this thumbnail and why will you do it, tell me in the comments, what I am going to tell you next will be very interesting because it is above the thumbnail, this whole thing is above this thumbnail only, the quality of this thumbnail is exactly like 4K and there is no blur in it. So now I will talk about what mistakes you make in the video. So first you make the mistake of overdoing it in the video. Over should never be done in the video. Over means that you use too many elements and that should not be done. So second is our main thing that you always do. You create thumbnails in a bad way. Do n't do that. Make something creative and make something simple. Only then will people see and click. CTR will increase, SUE will increase. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @InferneX-7 [4 likes]: Thumbnail thumbnail thumbnail 0:01

- 5 Thumbnail Mistakes Killing Your Views ⚠️: Kind: captions Language: en An honest question. If your video is good , editing is also good, still you are not getting views, then where is the problem? In the content or in the thumbnail? Should I tell the truth? Many beginners have weak thumbnails, not weak content , which is why their videos don't rank. Here are five reasons why it's Thumbnail Week. Of which the last one is absolutely important. Hello friends, welcome back to the season. Here we solve the creator problem in simple language. And today we're going to talk about five thumbnail mistakes that literally kill your YouTube views. Number one too much text. Two to four words on a thumbnail is best. Viewers are calling. He doesn't have enough time to read the entire paragraph on your thumbnail. Due to which he scrolls and then your video does not rank. So try to have at least two to four words on your thumbnail. Number two low contrast. If the text and background are the same color, the thumbnail becomes invisible. Due to which the text cannot be detected. Use the simple formula. If there is bright text then keep the background dark or if there is a bright background then keep the text dark. Number three no clear focus. It is very important to have a hero in the thumbnail. Hero means something that catches the viewer's eye first. Like a face or strong text or an important object. If you try to show everything important in the thumbnail, then actually nothing will appear important. The viewer will get confused and a confused viewer doesn't click. Number four is not mobile friendly. Understand one important thing. Many people watch videos on YouTube on mobile. This means that if your thumbnail is not visible clearly on mobile then the viewer will have problem in reading the text. And when the text itself is not understood, the viewer will scroll. So after creating the thumbnail, zoom out and see once. If it looks clear even when it is small then the thumbnail is perfect. Otherwise you already know it. Number five, no emotion. Emotion is very important in thumbnails because on YouTube people see not just information but also feelings. If your thumbnail doesn't have any emotions like surprise, shock, curiosity, then the viewer wo n't stop. If the thumbnail has emotions like surprise, shock, or severity, the viewer automatically stops. For example, shock face, confused expression, excited reaction. Emotion signals to the viewer that the video is interesting and that's where the click comes from. So tell us in the comments what is your biggest thumbnail problem? If you found the video helpful then do like it and if you want to grow your YouTube then subscribe to Skill Sage. So see you in the next video like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @DanishAadil-q5b [5 likes]: quality content ise kehte h
  2. @Talib-Ruddy [4 likes]: Bhai editing me like app batao
  3. @bigwheel251 [3 likes]: Very informative🎉
  4. @MdDanishLive [2 likes]: Ok i try
  5. @king.rider-i8u4r [1 likes]: Best🎉
  6. @k4kaishu: editing app batao bro

- How to Overcome Perfectionism and Burnout; Tips to Improve Perfectionism and Decrease Burnout: Kind: captions Language: en how to overcome perfectionism and burnout interview with Dr Andrea Moore have you ever been told that you are a perfectionist and has this tendency cause you to feel more burned out more physical pain and other difficulties well our guest Dr Andrea Moore is going to share some tips on how to improve perfectionism in turn decreasing your burnout and chronic pain the field she specializes in would you like to learn those simple tips that you can easily apply in your life right away then stay tuned you're watching happy and healthy mind with Dr Rosina and our guest today is Dr Andrea Moore thank you Andrea for joining today yes it's such a pleasure to be here thank you for having me and welcome Dr Andrea Moore is a mom a wife and a recovering Health perfectionist her career path has been based on trying to fix everything wrong with her from chronic pain and post-concussive syndrome to anxiety and ADHD probably that led to her burnout but along her 15 plus year Journey she became a doctor of physical therapy and Orthopedic certified specialist a functional nutritional therapist life coach and patriarchy and profession perfectionism Smasher through years of education self-healing and work with hundreds of women she learned that it is always about coming back to yourself in order to live the life of your dreams so she now helps others do this so they can live life on their terms yes and I'm your host Dr Rosina lakhani I help high Achievers stop burnout without quitting I'm a corporate speaker executive coach and an integrative psychiatrist I believe that your mind is the software that runs the hardware of your brain and your body therefore I share practical tips for your mental Fitness if you need any specific medical advice please consult your Healthcare professional the if you find this content helpful then join our mission by liking subscribing and sharing so more people can build mental resilience avoid stress and burnout and other mental and physical challenges if you're joining us live please share in the chat what you're where you're watching from and you can ask your questions in the comments let's learn from our guests now how did um so and Dr Andrea how did you become interested in this topic what were the challenges you were facing before you started applying some of the tools you're going to teach us today oh my goodness where to start um I would say as a whole it just felt like a complete inability to function as a normal adult um I struggled for I mean for as long as I can remember especially you know in high school college and then well into starting my career with feeling like I could never like live up to all the expectations around me and it just felt like I was constantly failing constantly not doing enough and I put myself on this mission to figure this out like I believed I was capable of more and so and I wanted to do more I had big things I wanted to do in this world and through a long convoluted journey I ended up becoming a physical therapist and the universe just continuously sent me clients that were like myself which I didn't realize at the time that were struggling with chronic pain and chronic perfectionism and I also was struggling with obviously chronic pain and chronic perfectionism and I started to realize that while I had learned so much in physical therapy school that was so valuable it was not helping myself or these women that were being sent to me and that we did not receive the guidance of what to do and how to help um with chronic symptoms in physical therapy school at least not in a way that felt good enough for me because the focus is on acute pain and like fixing what is in front of you and it very much becomes this like oh well then there's nothing you can do learn to live with a type of mentality which I was being told for myself or like my ADHD that I was struggling with and then along the way I ended up in a car accident that left me with some pretty severe post-concussive syndromes I was out of work for almost six months and it just Amplified everything that I was already struggling with with feeling you know completely inferior a lot of my struggles were around my brain function memory around my intelligence things like that which is ironic because I was getting my doctorate at the time right but yeah I felt completely inferior and then the car accident just Amplified that times about a thousand so yeah life just felt like every day was a chronic struggle and it just felt like I was constantly doing it wrong and that felt miserable and I just felt like there had to be a different way yeah so you reached that peak of burnout and I've seen this a lot and even like you know people who are really high achieving you were doing doctorate and you still felt inferior and I struggled with that and I see that all the time yeah so then what happened so it was through like after the car accident I was in in the process of getting my board certification which as you probably know requires a massive amount of studying and like most high achieving women I just continue to blow through it was like I'm not waiting another year to take this test took it highly concussed still passed still got like I got the the best grade out of all my peers that I was studying with and still felt like I was a failure of course and ended up also pursuing a nutritional therapy certification and planning my wedding all at the same time because of course you know just going through what I had been through wasn't enough to really hit the full brand so let's really nail it in there and then I really burnt out and so much so that it felt like my only way out of this job that I was in which felt so consuming and so drowning and and it felt like at the time I was blaming it for my burnouts um it felt like my only way out was to literally move across the country which is what I then did with my husband we moved from the DC area to Washington and it felt like that was my start over and it was in so many ways but also as you know things follow you you can't just run away from what's really going on inside you can run from outside from the place but you can learn from yourself no you can't I tried literally tried moving across the country to run away from myself spoiler it didn't work so how did the life change like you know it seems like you were there and then you did some changes that we're going to learn in few minutes so how did the life change how is life different now I oh my gosh from then to now it is a complete transformation and I think it's sometimes so challenging to articulate some of the differences that feel the most significant because yes like I can and I'll talk about them of some external differences that are significant but internally that those are the changes that really mattered and I think the number one change that is I think sometimes hard to put into words is the ability to look at my life without making it mean something about me or making myself be wrong for what's going on and to really reflect on my how my own self is responsible for what I'm seeing around me and to do that without judgment and shame because that was in impossible before I couldn't reflect on anything because any type of reflecting just led to so many thoughts of Shame and self-deprecation and beating myself up that it was just unbearable like I was unable to take responsibility for my life because it felt like there was too much shame around it so I think the number one thing that I got was the ability to take personal responsibility for my life and for my healing Journey wonderful wonderful yeah and how did it translate into your ability to like earn and serve and and make the impact that you were meant to make yeah what you're making yeah so much so really before I was working I mean as most physical therapists and most people in the medical profession aren't doing they're in the clinic working back to back to back you know go go go under the constraints of insurance and often seeing where it's not even fully serving people which was the hardest thing which just contributed to more burnout and so that that continued on in Washington I was continuing to work in the clinic and feeling like this is not this is not what I meant to do this does not feel right this is not helping and so I was able through taking like responsibility through being able to look at my life and step up and and look at what I was meant to do in this world completely shift into being full-time in my own business which also means working way less hours with way less back-to-back so way more time for self-care and more importantly time for my son I have a five-year-old so I was able to spend that time with him when he was a baby and a toddler that I wanted to while still working because it was also actually something I wanted I never wanted to be completely full time at home that was that wasn't for me but I loved being able to have the mix of like lots of time but also kind of on my own terms and and most importantly fully being able to give all of myself to my clients while I'm with them and in my sessions so it means I can show up a hundred percent and be there fully for my clients and help them at my maximal capacity which feels amazing and then provide myself with all the self-care I need to continuously be able to show up and do that and therefore help them get through whatever they're struggling with on a so much higher level capacity than I can now and earning wise I can make far more money than I was in the clinic while working far less hours so it's a win-win and reaching and helping more people ultimately especially through these wonderful online world that we have now wonderful wonderful that sounds like a dream for probably a lot of people listening so we are anxious to hear what kind of things help to you and if there are some fast tips that you can share today that can help our audience right away that would be wonderful and then number one thing is being able to come into acceptance of where you are right now and just fully accepting it and seeing it for what it is and I'm sure people have heard this over and over so I just always like to add the caveat that getting to acceptance just depending on who you are and what your story is can be a journey in itself and so sometimes really what it is is being in acceptance that you are not in acceptance of your life and what it is right now it's like what what can you step into acceptance of and that might be stepping back into some layers might be accepting that I'm in full resistance of my life right now yeah yeah and I can see like you know for a perfectionist it is very hard and like you know people are not 100 perfectionist like you know everybody has a little bit tendency of perfectionism and kind of different degrees and most of the time when people are successful and they're high achieving people they have some tendency for perfectionism that's what they have that has allowed them to be successful in life so it is very hard when when the word acceptance comes that feels like accept your failure or accept that you were not able to do this or something like that and so it feels like very negative so can you please clarify when you say acceptance how do you differentiated from feeling like a failure I love this question because this is the number one thing that gets in the way and sometimes I do like to offer that the word allowance can sometimes I think semantics is important so it's it's choosing what works for you and sometimes the word allowance can feel a lot softer and more accessible and so it's fully allowing the reality of this current moment and the the very definition of perfectionism is the refusal to accept anything that is short of perfect and so perfectionism is the refusal to accept so that's why it's so hard so one just having a lot of Grace and compassion even sometimes humor for yourself that of course acceptance is hard and then it is doing the work of really unweaving that accepting where you are means accepting or means that that's where you're going to be for the rest of your life because the irony is is the longer we take to accept where we are the longer it's gonna take to get out of where we are if we want to change the example I'll often give is if you're lost somewhere and you're just like you know in the middle of who knows where okay you don't have food you don't have water like it's a terrible situation of course you're gonna be like I don't want to be here and you can kick and scream that you don't want to be there all day long like literally like make space for those emotions because they truly get to be here and then at some point we have to be like and I'm here and this sucks but it's the acknowledgment that you're there is what's going to allow you to look around and be like okay and so what seems like the next first next best step to take but until you do that you stay spiraling and you'll stay stuck in that spot yeah because we so don't want to be there right right I'm so glad that you brought this example because it actually literally happened with me so I was going to a conference and I was driving and then I got lost and so I got off a you know an exit and I called my husband so I called my husband I said oh my God I'm so upset I'm lost and now I'm going to be late and people were going to be so upset and like I'm renting and everything he says Rosina calm down and I and then I kept on renting and renting because like I was so frustrated and so angry for getting lost and not so angry that you know now you know all the all the all the problems I've kind of foreseeing future casting catastrophizing like you know all the bad things that are going to happen because I am lost here and there's like you know people waiting for me on the yeah um so so he said calm down okay and then once once I calmed down then he said can you see what you see and so I gave him the signage and he said okay it seems like you kind of gone um North instead of going south on I-5 so so get back on the expressway and start driving South and so um until I calm down and accept it where I I was allowing and observing where I was and then deciding where I wanted to go I was not able to get out of that state yes so similarly in life like you said until you get those initial emotions out and then calm down and allow and observe where you are and see which way you want to go and start taking the steps you would stay stuck exactly yes I love that and the whole like irony of your situation right is the longer it takes to see that which let's not make that wrong if it takes a while because sometimes it does it's totally fine right the longer you're keeping people waiting right right and again let's not make that wrong and let's acknowledge that as humans we're gonna have those emotions first and I love that it's like you know you got to vent you got to have those and then it's the comments that two-step process and so yes yes yes I think sometimes it takes people kind of kicking and screaming and resisting it for a really long time like right now I'm currently working with a client to just accept that right now she is a human that has pain in her body we're not there yet it's probably going to take a few more sessions I don't know if it's going to take her as long as it takes it's totally fine and and we're you know working through all the emotions and layers that are coming up in the process but ultimately until she's able to be able to just claim that reality for herself she will stay in pain yeah yeah and I treat a lot of people with chronic pain and that is one of the things that you don't accept them doesn't mean that you have to be jumping with your hahaha acceptance and then and sometimes like you know people say yes I have accepted I haven't been what do you do next and so the like you said the phrase it like you know really hard but the concept is coming into the present moment and be in the moment non-judgmentally and intentionally and allowing it to be the way it is and then also acknowledging yeah that you don't like and where you want to go and that allows the passage to happen that's wonderful tip thank you so much for sharing that so what's the next step that you'd like to share today the next one is once that like acceptance or allowance has happened and and one thing I want to add to that is that does not need to be a state because perfectionists then go oh that needs to happen all the time no you're gonna come out of allowance and acceptance all the time it's just choosing to come back to it in any given moment so just free yourself you might only be able to be you know acceptance for two seconds it's perfect place to start so and the perfectionist would really like that perfect place exactly that is a perfect place and you've nailed it okay you're doing great the the second one is one it's and everything becomes a lot easier once you're in this place so don't skip this step this is like I cannot emphasize this enough I'm not skipping the step of of going on a journey to figuring out how to keep bringing yourself to um acceptance or allowance and then the second one the second thing once you're there you can then use a myriad of tools which my favorite then to really shift things is to start going inwards to start looking like uh communicating with your body and building that trust back up because often that trust especially for women has been literally either never cultivated in the first place or trained out of us and so it's just restarting that communication with your body and asking you know what your body needs and learning how to check in with it and we can do that in multiple different ways so one sometimes it's literally just a casual conversation of like oh hey buddy I see you now I hear you like what do you need right now and just asking and see what it says without judgment and then the other tool I really use to go into the body is somatic tracking and so that is what is somatic tracking somatic tracking is noticing in your body where thoughts Sensations even pain is and then getting really clear on what it feels like so for example and I actually with for somebody who has chronic pain you can somatic track pain sometimes it can feel really overwhelming so if I'll describe the process in a second I'm just going to give this pre thing you can totally somatic track pain and sometimes it can be really easy to do but if it feels too overwhelming then then pick something else first but let's let's say you're feeling an emotion in your body so in that moment Dr Rosina of being lost for instance right he's like can you tap back into what it felt like to be lost and what that like overwhelming or if that's the word that you would use felt like and then tracking it in your body would be like where does that live so it's like does it live in your chest did you feel it in your throat did your CH you know throat get tight did your chest feel heavy did your stomach clench whatever it was for you and then getting as many adjectives to describe that as possible so let's say you're feeling an emotion of overwhelm it's like where does that live in the body okay that lives in my chest it makes me feel this deep pressure it's kind of got this bluish tinge uh it's you know is there a texture to it it feels fuzzy I'm just making something up right now right like it feels fuzzy the boundaries actually feel like it goes outside of my body it's bigger than me it's like oh how big does it want to get oh it wants to like take over the whole country okay cool you know what I mean just getting as descriptive as possible because when we can get descriptive we are starting to make these Sensations more concrete for our brain our brain doesn't do well with the abstract so an emotion like fear or overwhelm feels so big and scary because it's so abstract but when we start being like oh this fear is this like box in my abdomen that's black and dark and heavy all of a sudden the brain's like oh okay there's like a black bot okay I can I can look at that a little closer and so somatic tracking allows us to go from this abstract overwhelming scary thing to more like okay that feels manageable I can look at that a little easier that doesn't feel so scary to look at anymore so it's a really amazing tool so somatic tracking is something that I use within a lot of the work I do yeah that sounds like a very interesting concept and so do you have people keep like tracking sheet of like you know scoring how bad it is or it's more descriptive and just happens in the session or they become their own scientist who's kind of monitoring and observing and yeah I'm very much for okay so for me personally I was never ever good at tracking stuff on a sheet like that would be the number one way to make me not do something I have some clients who do who are very like I love data but just not in that type of way so so my bias because you're always there's you could look up somatic tracking you know and everyone has their own like spin on it I do not have people track it down on a sheet at all because for the most part it is about what comes up in the moment and it is kind of irrelevant like it doesn't really uh oh wait sometimes I'll touch on that a second it's more about what comes up in the moment and not you're trying not to compare to past things right because then that takes you out of the present I will say over time usually organically there will for some things be patterns that then present themselves over and over that you start to get familiar with so I'll give an example of one of my patterns and and I think it's really common with high achieving women is this pattern of I need to learn more information I need to learn more so that's because if I learn more then I can solve my health problem then I can solve my stress I need to read more I need to listen to another podcast etc etc for me in somatic tracking I learned what that pattern felt like in my body which is going to feel different for everyone for me it's this very like panty feeling and so now when that happens because it does continue to happen this is not about making it go away I'm like oh hello panty friend I see you okay and I can identify it I can get make it concrete really quickly and like almost now because I have worked with it so much shift it on like a dime like oh it's there all right I'm gonna choose something else but that took time to get to yeah because if you don't know what it is then you can shift it exactly and naming kind of takes away the fear of that feeling and once you are able to observe it without that severe fear and reaction then you get the power to control it and we use the similar kind of concept when we are talking about anxiety and I kind of describe the concept of you know how a kid is afraid of monsters and kind of and so the little kid is like you know running away whenever like you know it's a monster he keeps running away and stays afraid there comes a time when the kid grows up enough that says I'm going to face my monster turns around and looks at the monster what happens initially initially monster becomes bigger tries to scare you more and if you stand your ground then what happens to the monster it melts away absolutely so same situation with all these emotions that have like you know control on you the more you run away from it the worse it gets and once you start facing it initially it gets even worse trying to make you give up but once you don't give up and you face it then it starts melting away yes yes and that's what I love about somatic tracking is it makes it from this big scary thing to like oh it's just a sensation in my body even if sometimes it feels a little creepy but it just it becomes so much easier to like look at yeah well when we are having fun time passes and I just realized we need to wrap up so why don't we can you share your best advice for the audience at this time yeah really is oh gosh one one big thing is is really if you feel like there is something that is stopping you from like achieving what it is you want in life that you feel like there is more to do more passion that you have and more ways you have to serve the world is don't ever lose that vision where can you step back and notice what patterns are happening that are actually preventing you from getting there and how can you look at that from a place of non-judgment so yeah I feel like that's not one big thing I could go off but yeah really just I I feel like I want to encourage everyone to keep following that vision and holding it as the vision but then continuously stepping back to meet yourself where you are in this moment because that will be the fastest way to get you to your vision versus fighting where you are right now wonderful I love it because accepting being in the moment and observing where you are is the fastest way to where you want to be and so all our listeners who are high Achievers who are feeling chronic pain who are feeling a drink of burnout this is the way out on that note let's kind of share with the audience if they want to learn more how can they reach you yes you can find me at Dr andreamore.com that is d-r-a-n-d-r-e-a-m-o-o-r-e.com same handle on Instagram and then you can also hear me speak more about how perfectionism creates chronic pain if that was A New Concept to you because we did not get into that in the first place and how these tools can help um on my podcast The unweaving Chronic pain podcast and that's available on any platform wonderful thank you so much and if you like this content please share follow subscribe Dr more has been very gracious she's also going to share a gift of five tips to overcome perfectionism and chronic pain and that would be that you would be able to find on our website happy and healthy mind.com and if you go over there there's a big button called resources you click it and you'll be able to access all the gifts that all the guests have shared on our program and if we are in U.S and you would like us to send the links to reminders and resources and then you can text the word joyful j-o-y-f-u-l to the number 38470 and we'll be happy to send you those links and so let me end this program by asking you today is the first day of the rest of your life every day is a new opportunity to make new decisions so what is one decision you are going to make one thing that you choose that would help you overcome your perfectionism despite having chronic pain despite feeling at words of burnout what is one small step you are going to take today that would let you to be able to be your best and overcome these difficulties on that note stay safe happy and healthy until next time thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReensaraiArtbyReenaS [1 likes]: wow great topic
  2. @DrRozinaHappyandHealthyMind: 📌Want to Learn more? Find your Depression score for FREE (Based on a  clinically validated scale used by doctors) instantly and easily from the comfort of your home. -> http://bit.ly/shifatms2

👍WATCH NEXT: "Am I Depressed or Just Sad? Quiz" https://youtu.be/WpS5HTDUUV0 

👍Get more tips for living a Happy and Healthy Life By Subscribing 👉http://bit.ly/DrRozinaYT
And Don't Forget to hit that notification Bell "🔔" to get notified whenever there's a New Episode or Special!

👍Let us know What's on your mind and the things you guys want us to improve! 👉http://bit.ly/HHMForm

- For Youtubers Struggling With Perfectionism: Kind: captions Language: en - So it's been a while since we've had a heart to heart here on the channel and I wanted to just take a minute and talk to you if you are struggling with perfection as a YouTube content creator. And what I mean by that, is I just got off of a member's live streaming with that members live stream, I heard somebody in there talking about they were waiting to start going live on their channel until they're set and everything it was that they were doing was perfect. And since they were waiting for all the gear and all the things that they were doing to be perfect, they were not live streaming because of it even though it was something that they wanted to try. And I know that in addition to live streaming by itself making video content is a similar boat so to speak because when it comes to making video content a lot of people won't make video content because they're waiting for everything to be perfect. They're waiting to get a good camera. They're waiting to get the right microphone. that perfect background. They're waiting until they learn just a little bit more about YouTube or until maybe they start figuring out how to design thumbnails so they can get people to click and things like that. And what happens in that situation, is you start creating this mounting effort against yourself to prevent yourself from actually taking action and putting out content. And the reason I wanted to have this conversation is because, when you are taking that approach and you are putting a limit on yourself so to speak or you're creating these expectations that are super high, especially when you're first getting started, then it can work against you in terms of preventing you from publishing content to the platform which in turn is preventing you from learning other things that you need to learn in order to get results here on the platform as well. So if you are somebody that is struggling with perfection and you're struggling with the idea that everything that you do has to be perfect and that the sound has to be perfect and that the camera imagery has to be perfect and all of that I mean don't get me wrong. Having all that stuff is fantastic, but if it's limiting you and preventing you from taking action, then the thing that you need to start thinking about is instead of everything needs to be perfect in order for me to move forward on this, it's better to start thinking about, "Okay, I'm gonna be learning a lot of things about YouTube. "I'm gonna be publishing a lot of videos to the platform "and in most cases, the first videos that I publish "they're not gonna do that fantastic." And since they're not going to do that fantastic in most cases, then that gives you a lot of room to breathe. That gives you a lot of room to learn. That gives you a lot of room to develop the skill sets that are required, to be a successful content creator here on YouTube. and you're thinking to yourself, "Yeah, you know, "I'm just gotta get that one more thing "in order to start making content." Or "I gotta do that one more thing "or make sure that I get the perfect setup and all that "before I start live streaming," I encourage you to get past all of that and just start publishing with what it is that you can do and start live streaming with whatever it is that you can start live streaming with, so that you can start collecting experience. And once you start collecting that experience, then you can still build all the stuff on the back end in terms of the things that are going to make your videos look better, sound better, make your live streams cooler, whatever it happens to be, but the most important thing to make sure that you're thinking about is I need to think of what it is that I need to do in order to take the next step. Because as content creators, as human beings, what we do is we look at all of the things that we have to do and all of the things that we imagine in our minds of how things are supposed to be and that creates this huge mountain of things that we have to do, or this huge expectation of how we need things to be in order for us to take action, but the funny thing is with all of that, it's just a big limitation that we're putting on ourselves. And we're excusing the fact that we're not taking action because we're thinking, "Well, I'll just do that once XYZ," instead of saying, "You know what, "I'm just gonna work with what I have right now. "I'm gonna go for it so that I can learn." When you start taking action and you start going for it and you start thinking to yourself, "You know what, "I might not have the best camera right now. "I might have to do this on my phone." Or "The phone that I do have maybe it's not the best," or "maybe I don't have a camera but I do have a webcam, "so let me get started with that." Instead of thinking that, the stuff that you're using, isn't good enough, don't get me wrong again, gear, it definitely helps. It makes things look better, sound better and all of that. However, with all of the things that you're going to have to do as a content creator, learning how to make titles that people click on, learning how to make thumbnails coming up with good video ideas, learning how to read and interpret your stats so you can use that information, to really accelerate things for you on the platform. Learning how to properly use all of the cool stuff that you're going to get in your career as a YouTube content creator or a content creator in general, like in the path of all of that, it's really important to make sure that you just push the perfection aside and you embrace the process, the process of learning and you focus on that next step. So for example, if you're watching this video and you're thinking to yourself, "You know what I have to wait until this is perfect" or "I have to wait until that." Instead of thinking that way, I want you to do this for me. Put a deadline on yourself and say, "Okay, if I don't have everything ready by this date ""then I'm going forward anyway. "I'm just gonna make what I can make "with what it is that I have "and I'm gonna start publishing to the platform "so that I can learn how YouTube works. "I can learn the upload process. "I can learn the live streaming process. "I can start growing my community with live stream. community with the videos "and I can start learning how to optimize videos "and things like that." So I encourage you to put your perfection to the side and just focus on taking that next step. So the way to get around that, like I was just saying a second ago, is to give yourself a deadline and say, "This time next week, or this time next month, "regardless of where I'm at, that is the day "that I'm going to publish my first video." Or, "That's the day that I'm going to do my first livestream "regardless of where it is that I'm at in the process "so that I can start developing the skills "that I'm gonna need as a content creator "in order to make this stuff work out for me." If you can do that, and you can start taking action on making videos and publishing and doing that thing that you wanna do, then what's going to happen is you're going to wake up, a year from now or six months from now or whatever it happens to be, and you're gonna be like, "Oh, I'm so glad that I started doing that when I did," instead of waking up and thinking, "Man I should have started doing this six months ago" or once you get that experience after a year thinking, "Oh, I should have started a year ago." Instead of letting those things limit you, just go ahead and start taking action now, because action is required to get the results that you want. And if you are a new content creator, I have a whole series of videos that are gonna help you get started with YouTube. I'll put a link to 'em right here. You can go ahead and click into those now. Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [166 likes]: This video also isn't perfect. I have a great camera but the auto-focus is off. I'm using a nice mic but the audio isn't processed. The editing ( I edited this one) is almost non existent and I mess up a few words. My lips look a little red.  It could be better. But, because I took action, this video will get views and it will contribute to growing my channel, even though it's not perfect. Use this as inspiration to take action so you can move forward with what you're wanting to do.
  2. @marksidebottomcrafts124 [1 likes]: its hard  for me to grow
  3. @marksidebottomcrafts124 [1 likes]: nick  like you in middle of the fall and the wall gose round you
  4. @marksidebottomcrafts124 [1 likes]: love your content nick your cool
  5. @marksidebottomcrafts-vr1lh [1 likes]: nick someone  clicked on my thumbnail
  6. @driptv_dancehall [1 likes]: I clicked so fast when I saw this lol
I can't wait until my channel becomes successful so I can do a tribute to all who have guided me on my journey.
Til then I'll never let anyone turn my skies into my ceilings 💯
  7. @Gnocchi9: Thank you for this video. it really helped me because I've been such a perfectionist about my videos recently and I haven't been able to record cuz of it.
  8. @MagicMattHawkins: This is great.  Just put it out at the beginning great advice. I needed yo hear this. Thank you
  9. @leosthrivwithautism: Perfection through imperfection. I got to the level of editing and video production I have now through mistakes. Make those mistakes don’t be scared. Because at the end it’s better you make it now and learn from them then make them later down the road. 👍 mistakes and imperfection made me better as a creator. I’m not perfect, and that’s a great thing!
  10. @TSGPL: Nick, thank you for making this video! It really made me think about all the actions I currently take in life and what the results ended up being in the longer term, which was doing something I wasn't good at but doing it anyways, getting better at it the more I do it.
Honestly it is a bit obvious when you say it out loud, but I just needed that little push to realise that this is what's gonna happen with content creation as well, you're gonna start off with not the best of everything, but over time you'll make it into something thats way better than what it was when you started, even if it takes a long time!
So again, thank you so much for making this video and changing so many people's perspectives when it comes to content creation!
  11. @bigunhe: Man, I’m so glad that I found this video. It’s the best advice for me. 
I’m the exact prototype you’re talking about. 
I hate being a perfectionist but it’s hard to stop being one. 
I try my best to go ahead. 
Thanks
  12. @folksongpreacher2255: Absolutely great advice.  Thanks man. Felt like free therapy!  😂 your videos are really helpful
  13. @LovableSole: Love this video.  Thanks for the inspiration and encouragement.  Often the only thing holding us back is ourselves and we don’t even realize it.  Just doing it with what you have has been a huge revelation for me on this journey.  Thanks for this 👏🤩👏.
  14. @willgomberg: perfectionism and a contradiction of having the goal of maximal productivity each day and planning my productivity yet when the night goes on and 1am hits, i finally tell myself, “i’ll make it tomorrow”.
it’s frustrating, because i’m super productive in every other aspect of my life, and have even hit the 1 year milestone of my sobriety from my severe oxy & xanax abuse struggles i had in my early - mid teenage years. i’m doing well, but this perfectionism trap is the one thing that needs to change.
i am recording tomorrow. i am uploading sunday. period. if anyone sees this months or years from now, hold me accountable!
  15. @vibesmom: I am a master procrastinator for this very reason. It’s been a lifelong struggle. I appreciate, and I am helped by, this video and your channel content. Thanks so much!
  16. @SLADIFY69: I want to make a video but every time I hit recording , no words come out of my mouth, I stutter , I can't explain what I will do in the video and I can't talk and make the video interesting, in my live commentary gameplays.
  17. @rodrigolivaresr: I'm struggling with that, sometimes I notice a mistake and delete the video, re edit and upload it again, that's the reason I don't post as often as l want to, because instead of creating new content I keep thinking about the video I just uploaded, I need to understand that done is better than perfect
  18. @JoeTheGadgetMan: Thanks Nick. I've been dormant for too long. Gonna get stuck into it.
  19. @reloadenjoyer9674: You mean 'it doesn't matter that our videos needs to be perfect the thing that does matter is to make content that your viewers enjoy ' right?
  20. @PeteFoaleArtist: Great vid. I needed to hear that... Thanks!

- Anxiety attack on Youtube | Frustrated Creator | Prevent Youtube Burnout: Kind: captions Language: en a script even it's only a paragraph even it's only only few words even it's only researching thumbnail title whatever it is but don't keep your work pending this is a sequel to the first video which was recorded out of anxiety and frustration without any preparation script or anything it could seem like mere words because I could not explain properly out of frustration in this video I want to share the dos and don'ts in my own personal experience from the last 3 years which held me back from posting my first video my failure story which I believe can prevent you to burnout in your case Journey on YouTube is not as easy as it seems especially at the beginning I had so many anxiety attacks During the period all because of my mistakes here I have pointed out the major ones so that you guys can prevent you to burn out and avoid the mistakes as a new content creator trying to be a perfectionist I try to make everything perfect from the first day the title the thumbnail content lightning video quality sound everything not realizing that nothing in this world is perfect I have spent so much time on studying that were not even as important as making the first video there is always room for improvement and there are thousands of better content creators than ourselves out there but the catch is their videos once were not perfect so do not try to be perfect when you want to start out as nothing will be perfect in the first go focusing and investing on wrong things I got told toally intimidated by the cameras gears and other peripherals which I have seen a lot of YouTubers are making content with not realizing that once upon a time they started with zero instead of focusing on my content script title and thumbnails I deviated in the wrong direction I researched hours on buying new cameras lights stands etc etc which was not important I have spent hours on the market finding the best products which I realize now that I should have spent on recording my first video and the worst part is I've invested thousands of dollars to build my desktop PC even though I have a working laptop which is sufficient to handle 108p editing and not even starting out on YouTube I'm not saying these are not worth it but what I want to say is that initially when you haven't recorded a single video these things are useless overthinking and not taking actions overthinking can paralyze you preventing action and progress which happened in my case I obsessively analyzed every detail and potential outcome where I wasted time and energy creating unnecessary Stress and Anxiety the constant rumination had led to indecision and missed opportunities instead of moving forward I got stuck in a loop of doubts and what ifs I have seen so many videos learned and planned so many things but unfortunately I could not take actions which led to anxiety attack depression and frustration eventually I got burned out without even starting so to break free from over thinking you should set clear deadlines for decisions focus on small actionable steps and practice mindfulness to stay present taking action even imperfectly is better than being immobilized by excessive thoughts recognize when you are overthinking redirect your focus and prioritize doing overd dwelling having multiple channels and Niche starting out on YouTube with multiple niches and channels is challenging it's timec consuming and requires significant effort to produce consistent high quality content across various topics in the beginning I had several ideas in my mind which I try to implement by having multiple channels and Niche but eventually I could not start anything because I could not concentrate on one specific thing while I was making a script for one topic I got another idea for another Niche which I wrote down but eventually could not work on it I believe this back and forth gems led me to Creator burnout early for new YouTubers The increased complexity and resource demands can overweigh the benefits making it harder to achieve early success so as an experienced unsuccessful content creator my final and simple suggestions would be stop wasting time on the things that are not important like the gadgets and gears unless it's a must for your Niche take small steps don't just think and stay still take action if you think one topic first try to finish it completely and then move to another work on it every day don't keep your work for the next day start recording you don't have to be perfect just focus on the content itself assess your content whether it's going to add value or not but don't waste too much time to make it Flawless discipline you have to be disciplined try to maintain regularity every day do something to make your content so that you can post it even it's only a script even it's only a paragraph even it's only only few words words even it's only researching thumbnail title whatever it is but don't keep your work bending starting with what you have and prioritizing consistent effort over Perfection will help you avoid anxiety attacks frustration and burnout while achieving success on YouTube I have been failing for the last 2 years yet I have hoped but have you started yet last but not least push yourself up and don't give [Music] if you think my content has value please consider subscribing to my channel and liking my video

- Why Perfectionism Is Killing Your YouTube Growth: Kind: captions Language: en So, you've been sitting on that video idea for weeks, tweaking the lighting, redoing the voice over, editing the same clip 100 times, and still it's not good enough to upload. Here's the truth. Your perfectionism isn't helping your channel's growth. It's killing it. In this video, I'll break down how your perfectionism is holding your YouTube growth hostage and what to do instead to actually start building momentum. Perfectionism feels productive, right? You tell yourself, "I'm just making sure this is my best work." But most of the time, it's fear in disguise. The fear of judgment, the fear of failure, the fear of not being as good as other creators. And YouTube doesn't reward perfect. It rewards consistent. Now, let that sink in. The algorithm can't recommend what you don't post. Even the biggest creators today, Mr. Beast, Ali Abdal, KSI, all started with cringy, awkward, imperfect videos. What mattered is that they hit upload, learned, and improved publicly. Perfectionism kills momentum in three ways. Number one, analysis paralysis. You keep planning instead of posting. Number two, endless tweaking. You spend hours fixing things that only you notice. Number three, burnout before progress. You spend so long polishing one video that you lose motivation for the next one. If it takes you a month to post one perfect video, you miss out on all the feedback and learning that comes from posting four good ones. Here's what to do instead. Set a limit. Give yourself a deadline, not a finish line. Focus on learning, not perfection. Each video should at least teach you one thing. Embrace good enough content. Good enough to publish today beats perfect someday. Improve publicly. Your audience grows with you. They enjoy seeing your journey, not just your highlights. You don't need perfect videos, you need momentum. You don't need approval, you need feedback. And you don't need to feel ready, you just need to hit upload. Perfectionism is safe, but growth lives outside that comfort zone. If this hit home for you, stop overthinking your next upload. Just finish it and upload it. Also, if you've gained value from my video, please hit the like button and subscribe to my channel. Thank you for the support

- An honest DITL of a writer 🌧️ 🍃 work-life balance, perfectionism, and burnout *writing vlog*: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, welcome back. Do you guys like my bangs that I very impulsively cut with kitchen scissors over the kitchen sink without a mirror and without a tutorial? Please don't judge them too much. Anyway, hello and welcome back to another writing vlog. Today's video is intended to be a little more realistic than my last. When I was editing the footage for my last video, I was quite shocked by how absolutely produced a lot of that footage seemed. Like there was just something about the lighting. The lighting was accidentally perfect. I was in this outfit that accidentally complimented all of the colors of my RGB lights and the overall theme of my office and it just felt very produced which I don't think is a bad thing. I definitely am the kind of person when it comes to videography who prefers a cinematic approach. I prefer things to look polished, intentional, clean. I'm just a very aesthetic person in real life. So in many ways this is just a realistic and authentic representation of me. But that video, even for me, was kind of pushing it where I was like, "Good lord, it looks like I've got a YouTube studio going or something." And that is definitely not the case. This is just my little office and I'm just next to the natural light of the window. So anyway, I thought I would try to offset that slightly overproduced video with something that's a little more realistic today. And I've got a lot of work to do. So overall, for the next few days, I'm going to be forced to balance writing and then my job as an editor and then my personal goals as well. And I don't know about you, if you are a YouTuber, do you agree that there's something about documenting the process of your day that forces you to stay on task? Because it does for me. It really works. And I'm trying to get a lot better about just filming my life as I go through it and just documenting things instead of feeling like it has to be something of a production. I mean, like obviously to some level there's prep involved. You have to have all your batteries charged, blah blah blah blah. I have, you know, a good quality microphone. Normally I have my microphone on my shirt, which is why I always end up having such a tight frame is because I'm trying not to show my microphone, which is hideous, but it is a very good microphone. Today we're trying like a little a little tissue box action. Hopefully it's working. I don't know. I might have to do a little editing and post. Either way, today is ideally going to be a more realistic day in my life and hopefully you will help me stay on track because today we've got a lot to do. First, before I get into anything, let's give you a couple of updates on my work in progress, which is da da da da. Maybe I'll insert a little graphic project God spell. I announced this in my last video. It is the next book that I intend to publish. I'm technically over 50,000 words into this draft, but I've replotted everything and that's going to require some refinement. I am one of those writers who keeps everything that she cuts in a separate document. And I like that because if I ever feel like I want to pull on something I've already written, if I ever want to just see how many words I end up cutting in general, that's kind of informative and interesting. So, I saved it. But ultimately, I killed a lot of darlings. And we are now in the process of refining the words that I have left, which is at about I think 23,000 words. I'm going to refine that, do a lot of rewriting, do a lot of reworking, and we're going to get ourselves back on track in no time. That's what I'm telling myself at least. When it comes to the first draft, I will tell you this. I allow myself to indulge in a little more info dumping than I normally would. And that's because I think I'm still trying to feel out this story. The best part about writing a first draft is you get to experience the story for the first time almost the way the reader is going to. You're exploring the story world for the first time and you're meeting these characters for the first time and you're learning all about them and their isms and their dynamics and their nuances and it's just fun in that way. And I think that if we have too many restrictions on the first draft, it can be really limiting and it can actually, in my opinion, impede on the creative process. So even though I am in fact a diehard plotter, I do like to leave a little bit of room in the first draft knowing that it's going to be a bit exploratory, it's going to be a bit self-indulgent, and I will cut that later. The biggest thing for me right now is just making sure that I don't abandon the plot. I am sticking to the plot. I do have a few rules whenever I'm writing a hook that I thought might be helpful to share here on my channel. The first is that obviously, unless you're starting off with a prologue, you need to start with your protagonist. As an editor, I have been shocked by how many first chapters begin with characters who aren't the protagonist. It's very confusing, very strange. Always start with the protagonist. The second is to start at the beginning of the action. I think that there's this weird impulse. I mean, speaking of info dumping, there's this weird impulse as an author to tell too much backstory. And I think we kind of trick ourselves into believing that unless we provide this backstory, somehow the reader isn't going to be able to grasp what is going on in the first chapter. But the reality is that the reader isn't expecting to grasp what's going on fully, at least in the first chapter. Part of the fun is the mystery. Part of the fun is the question. The best kind of storytelling isn't often just telling the story. It is withholding parts of the story and telling those parts at the right time. So remember, in the first chapter, we're doing a lot of withholding and that is intentional, strategic, and deliberate. So we need to start with our protagonist. We need to start in the beginning of the action. And then that leads to number three, which is we need to make sure that there is movement in this scene. And this is currently what I'm kind of struggling with. We don't want to start off with a protagonist who's just standing there observing her surroundings and describing those surroundings to the reader. We also don't need action where the character is standing there observing a bunch of action and reporting on that action. We need the protagonist to be moving the plot forward from the very beginning. They need to be in the process of doing something. They need to drive the action. They need to be driving the plot. My problem currently is that I have the book beginning with the protagonist sort of hiding and that is a little too adjacent to her observing the things going around her. So, I'm going to trim down on a lot of the exposition. I'm going to be really objective about the info dumping. Maybe cut a lot of that, keep it in a separate document, like I said before. So, I don't want her to be doing anything frivolous. I would like for her to be doing something that reflects her status quo but is different. different enough that we're creating some semblance of conflict and we're sort of driving it home to the reader that things are not as they normally are. And again, this is not the inciting incident. That is not the hook. We also want to make sure we're including notes on setting. You don't want white wall syndrome. You have to remember that basically what you're doing as a writer is you're painting a mental image for your reader. And we want to make sure that the reader is oriented. They don't have to be completely informed of everything that's going on, but they need to feel oriented. Otherwise, they're going to be wasting important mental bandwidth on trying to figure out what the hell is going on and where everybody is. One of the things that I hate the absolute most is when an author neglects to describe a certain setting for a certain amount of time and then you have to cobble together your own interpretation of what everything looks like and then you have that established and then several chapters later they decide to describe it then and it's not at all like how you envisioned it. Don't do that to your readers. That is infuriating. Describe the setting at least briefly immediately. Describe the characters involved in this setting. Start with your protagonist. They are the ones who are driving the plot forward. And make sure that whatever they are doing is actually meaningful. It's going to contribute somehow to the reader's understanding of this character status quo, but also how things are a little different. They're a little off. We want to inject enough suspense and intrigue into the narrative that the hook before the hook is even hooking, it's hooking because people are like, "Hm, something is weird. Something is a miss. What could that be?" Anyway, that is what I'm going to be doing starting now. After this, I need to be doing quite a bit of editing. I have a manuscript assessment on my desk right now that I'm working on. And that requires me to read through the entire manuscript once and then I take a lot of notes throughout. Then I usually read it again. And then I write a report. And that report is often quite long, extensive, detailed. It's basically an edit letter without the developmental edit that it accompanies. So, got that that I need to do today. We're going to try and get a run in. We're going to try and make a green smoothie. We got a lot to do. So, let's go. [Music] Clouds drove by glittering. >> Yeah, >> I never thought they would let me in. >> Oh my god. >> Fading light, a distant call. >> Mushroom tea light. >> The devil will never be welcome here at all. The sky is gray. I guess that's what it takes to feel a little lonely is a day. >> Delicious. >> Do you feel our love is the only thing that is real? It's like a heart with nothing to conceal. Nothing more. Lesson learned. A slight state of hope that you will return. It's what I got. And then the summer turned into fall. Waited here just for you. Caught in the moment of finally getting through. >> Look at this queen. >> Fading like a distant call. Oh, I do not remember those days at all. But I would never be here if it wasn't true. So let me be the one to hold you. Do you feel a You want to come outside? >> Yes. >> Hello. Good afternoon. I come to you from the one room in which I can find good lighting because it is actively storming outside. We got a random monsoon. This was not in the forecast at all. It came out of nowhere. It is now a downpour. I absolutely love it. Um, however, I do think that this is going to sabotage my effort to get a run in this afternoon. I typically run in the forest. Actually, I don't know why I'm saying typically. I exclusively run in the forest. I don't have a gym membership right now. So, I do need to run there or else I have to run in public and no way in hell is that going to happen. So, I'm not going to be running today. I think if anything, I'll wait out the rain and maybe get a walk-in. I got a lot done today. I enjoyed that cafe. It was so cute. It was perfect. I ended up knocking out a lot of work emails. I made a lot of progress on that manuscript assessment I was talking about. And then of course I came home, choked down my green smoothie, which really tasted a lot better than it looked, had some lunch, kept working. Editing is one of those jobs where it's almost irresponsible to do it as a side hustle because it requires your full undivided attention. I usually have to call it as soon as I start to feel that attention waning because that's when mistakes are going to happen. That's when I'm going to miss certain things. So, we're at about that point now. I'm going to go make myself nice and comfy. I think I'm going to pull my hair back, maybe put on a sweatshirt if I can manage. I just There's something about cozy clothes and coziness in general and writing and it's raining and I want to light a candle and I want some tea. Like all of that is just perfect writing vibes, am I right? So, we're going to do that. I'm going to dive in to my own project, which is of course Project Godspell. I'm going to be working on the hook. Like I said earlier, for me and for this particular manuscript, that is about the first four chapters. The first two I just need to refine. Chapter three and four though I do think will be full rewrites, but I'm actually really looking forward to it because it's been so long since I've been able to actually write new material. If you've been here on my channel for a while, you know that I've been stuck in the purgatory of final drafting for a couple of years now. And it's been a long time since I've dived into a brand new story. And I'm just really, really, really chomping at the bit. I've spent a lot of time plotting, brainstorming, outlining, and now it's time to finally draft and to draft brand new material. So, that is what we're going to be doing. And yeah, I can't wait. This is going to be really, really exciting and really enjoyable. So, this battery is about to die. I'm going to call it here and I will talk to you afterward and let you know how everything goes. I am way too lazy to figure out lighting. So, yeah, I'm in my bathroom and my cat is here. She's very cute. My writing session did not go as planned, not even um remotely, which I'm really disappointed about because all I needed to do was work on the hook. But there was just something about today. I think it was just the amount of energy that I spent on editing. It was just a lot and I didn't have a lot left to focus on my own project. It felt a lot like I was just rearranging words. And that does concern me because you can kind of get into this almost hypnosis when you're drafting where you start to overthink absolutely everything. And I feel like I was treading that line today. And I also feel it was probably because I started writing on the heels of editing. And what that usually means for me is I'm still locked in that editing mindset. So I'm still looking at everything very critically. And then when I'm trying to go first to draft something, it just doesn't go very well because I need to be in a completely different mindset. I spent the vast majority of this writing session just overthinking things and trying to kind of like beat down this wall and it should have been so much easier than it was. And honestly, I know myself really well as a writer at this point. And so I should have just called it like I kind of knew in my heart of hearts that like it it just wasn't in the cards today. Yeah. By the way, I I obviously didn't film any B-roll of that. Um, that was largely because all of my batteries were dead, so I needed to charge them and my camera was overheating and I just figured I'm going to sit down and write. Um, and honestly, there wasn't a lot to film anyway. I just sat down with a candle and some tea and I did I I did attempt to write. There wasn't an actual there wasn't actually a lot of typing or writing going on. It was mostly just me second guessing a lot of the amount of detail that I was including. I do ultimately think that I found a way to reframe the beginning so that the protagonist is moving through the plot and she's driving it forward versus her being a bystander, an observer, a witness of things happening. So, there's that. That's a win. Even so, I thought that I would have more fun. I thought I would have more fun. I've been working so hard as well. I feel like I've gotten to this point where writing doesn't even feel like a reward anymore. It's just something that I'm kind of like squeezing frantically into random pockets of time that I have. And when I have that time, it's like go go go. It's not like what it used to be for me, which was kind of an escape. And I miss that about writing. Ultimately, I think I'm really overdue for some time off. And I've been saying that for a while. My next video very well may be along the lines of just treating myself to an all day writing day, which I just haven't had for so so long. I think the problem right now is I still can't mentally justify a whole day writing. Um, not until I have finished these projects that are on my desk. I love my job. I love giving my clients my all. It is what I do. I am so invested in the success of their projects that I often work way way way way more hours than I'm actually being paid for. That is something I probably shouldn't say online. Um, all of my editing friends wonder why I don't charge hourly. And I absolutely should charge hourly. But anyway, I don't want to I'm not taking all of this in that direction. I just want to say I've been overworking and I need to take a step back and kind of like focus on my own goals. I did realize recently that hey, it's July and I have not really accomplished any of the goals that I had, which is very, very disappointing. Unless I change things, this is the way the rest of the year is going to look. and I'm going to show up in December and realize I still don't have anything done. What am I going to do then? Whoa. Hello. Um, welcome to this clandestine meeting point in the name of trying to be a little less OCD and perfectionistic about my video production. Here we are sitting lodged between this bed and this dresser. Lo and behold, the battery that I thought was charged earlier was not charged. Well, actually, it was. I have this bad habit of purchasing in mass these really cheap batteries on Amazon that are from China and they work great until they don't and then when they don't it's like they have a fiveminute charge just out of nowhere and then they're dead and that was one of those instances. So it looked fully charged and it wasn't but anyway I don't have much more to add but I thought I would at least finish my thought and just come here and finish talking a little bit about these um feelings that I've been having. So basically I've been having these moments this year particularly but definitely over the last couple of years where I have realized we're trying to do the same thing but get a different outcome. When are we going to accept that we have to change our approach in order to get a different outcome? When are we actually going to change? That's where I'm at right now is I have been wondering for the last several years, am I ever going to actually make it as an author? I've been writing for years, for literally decades. Yeah, plural. And the fact that I'm not further along is absolutely the stuff of nightmares for me. I do love to be a book editor. I feel that it's been great that I've been able to make a career out of basically reading books for a living, but that has never been the endgame for me. The endgame has always been writing my own books. And I feel that I have inadvertently um sabotaged myself in some ways by picking a field that is so adjacent to writing that I just don't have a lot of energy left when it comes to writing. And I have talked all the time on my channel, you've been here, you've heard it about ways to reorganize my day and different ways to approach creativity and how to regenerate my creative well throughout the day, blah blah blah. Like I talk extensively about this because it's become an obsession. It really it needs to be an obsession because I feel if I want to make this happen then this is like what I'm going to have to figure out. What I've come to realize though is I think what I need to do is be very selective about the clients that I'm working with. I took on a lot of new clients this year and that's always kind of a wild card. Part of being a good editor is making sure that you are in tune with each client's voice. you home in on their inherent strengths and their weaknesses and you sort of customize the edit to complement what they need and what the manuscript demands. And that takes a lot of mental bandwidth and it also just takes a lot of time. When I'm working with clients who I've been working with for years, it takes a lot less brain power. I'm just able to leap right into their voice, right into their work, and I feel it's a lot more effortless. I have decided that for the rest of the year, I will not be accepting any new clients. Um, so I'll be closing to new clients. Unfortunately, there is a possibility that if I feel like things have lightened up a little bit, um, I may run a deal. So, if you're still interested in working together at some point, just stay tuned. I will probably alert everybody here on my channel. But, I do think after today, especially, like, it's just really sinking in that I am overworking myself and I need to focus more on my own goals if I ever want to make this happen. Um, and at some point in time, I need to just be real with myself. Um, yeah. So, I think I will be taking no new clients on most likely. I will be only working with my existing established clients who I love, love, love. And I love being an editor. I have to reinforce that. I love my job. I'm grateful for it. It's absolutely definitely one of the best things that's ever happened to me. We all have to work around jobs. This is an issue of me just overworking myself and working more than what I'm being paid for. That's it. That's just like my plight in life. So, I think my next video will probably have something to do with, like I said earlier, just giving myself a day to write all day and reconnect with that side of myself and just take a day off for God's sake. Anyway, hope you guys enjoyed a day in my life. It was really fun. I loved going to the cafe. It was productive. I struggled a little bit with the hook. I'm not totally happy with it, but we've made progress nonetheless. Because even if you sit down and you just think about your book, even if you're just giving it the time of day and keeping it at the forefront of your mind, that is progress. That really is progress. And I think I have found the direction that I need to take. And now I just got to execute. So, thank you all for being here and have an absolutely wonderful rest of your day. I'll see you next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MariWritesBooks [1 likes]: Hi! The bangs are fire, you did great with them 😊and YES, documenting my day/tasks on video (or even in my journal if I am not filming that day), helps me a ton! :) knowing I am documenting makes me try just a little bit harder at what I am doing 😂
  2. @jaswriting [1 likes]: obsessed with the bangs!! no way they were cut with a kitchen scissors without mirror and tutorial!? I be stressing when I cut mine lol
  3. @ShaunaLowry-m3h: I just found your account and love your videos! Do you have an Instagram account? I would love to follow your account there too!
  4. @echochambers8418: You’re doing great,don’t be so hard on yourself.~~Eire
  5. @sarahjanewrites: The bangs look so good!
  6. @mishakhanwriting: I just found your channel and I'm so excited to binge through it! Firstly, your bangs look SO good!! Also really proud of you for setting those work boundaries after realizing that editing for clients was bleeding too far into your own writing time. That's such a tough decision, but I love that you're prioritizing your personal goals!
  7. @christinwrites: ou i'm so glad to have found your channel!
the way you walked through the rules of writing a hook was really helpful to me as a newbie writer and i just love your energy 😄 looking forward to more of your content!
  8. @MariWritesBooks: Quick note: I tried to check out your debut novel via the link in description and I think it's a broken link. :') update it when you can!
  9. @Alaina_Fofaina: Quite.

- Clickbait is Unreasonably Effective: Kind: captions Language: en - Can I tell you something I'm bad at? I am terrible at making clickbait. Up until two years ago, my most popular video was about a basketball being dropped from a dam with a bit of backspin. It takes off like a rocket and shoots out way further than you'd expect. This video was embedded on literally hundreds of news websites. And in its first week, it got 16.3 million views, but almost none of those views came on the YouTube platform. Why? Because I gave it this thumbnail and I called it "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect." This video is sponsored by KiwiCo. More about them at the end of the show. Now, I believe within YouTube, I'm used as an example of how not to package your video. As if to demonstrate just how bad a title and thumbnail this is, someone else re-uploaded the video with the clever title, "Basketball Dropped From Dam." And within a few weeks, that video had received tens of millions of views on YouTube. This is when YouTube gave me access to ContentID. That's the system that allows you to earn revenue when someone else re-uploads your videos, which was good, but I still wasn't very good at clickbait. So for this video, I called in an expert. I wanted to see your reaction face. Can you give me like a reaction face? Like what's a good thumbnail face? - Oh, I got you. This is a thumbnail face. (Derek laughs) I have like 10, I go through the motions of like... And then we just take the best one, I probably have like 500 of these just saved and we can just Photoshop my face on my face. That way, I don't have to do it anymore. - When I started on this platform, some 10 years ago, clickbait was less important. Subscribers were what mattered, because most of the views came from the sub feed. And videos went viral usually by getting a lot of attention elsewhere, like on Reddit or Facebook, not due to the YouTube algorithm. But once you had a big video and people subscribed, well, then your next video would likely get a lot of views from those subscribers. So YouTube would take that popular video and share it with more people. And so you'd get more subscribers in a positive feedback loop. But soon, YouTube realized that this did not create the best experience for the viewer. They discovered that showing people only videos from channels they were subscribed to led to fewer clicks, less watch time and less engagement with the site as a whole. Plus, they knew that relying on other platforms to drive traffic to viral hits was risky, since those other platforms might disable the traffic at any time. So they needed to make YouTube a destination in itself. They wanted people to come to YouTube, see videos that interested them, click on at least one of them and watch it for a while. Ideally get sucked down the YouTube rabbit hole and spend hours on the site without even noticing it. The ultimate resource is people's time and attention, and every platform is trying to capture as much of it as possible. So, to make YouTube this go-to destination, they had decrease the importance of subscribers, make it less like a podcast app where you only get the shows you're subscribed to, and more like Reddit, where stuff with the most engagement rises to the top. But that necessarily meant increasing the importance of clickbait. Now, there seems to be a paradox when it comes to clickbait. People almost universally claim to hate it, but you also see it everywhere. So why is this? Well, one of the problems is we don't all agree on the definition of clickbait. When I google it, the top definition is, on the internet, content whose main purpose is to attract attention and encourage visitors to click on a link to a particular webpage. We could call this type I clickbait, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it. I mean, if you didn't try to attract attention and get people to click on your links, then you wouldn't really be doing your job. But there is a second definition. One that I think more people ascribe to, which is something such as a headline designed to make readers want to click on a hyperlink, especially when the link leads to content of dubious value or interest. Wikipedia says, "A defining characteristic of clickbait is that it is sensationalized or misleading." And it also talks about teasers that intentionally withhold information to exploit the "curiosity gap." They give you enough information to make you curious, but not enough to satisfy that curiosity. Here are two actual titles from a news website. Nine out of 10 Americans are completely wrong about this mind blowing fact. And someone gave some kids some scissors. Here's what happened next. I think we can all agree that these are examples of bad type II clickbait. Now, imagine a clickbait space where on one axis, you have how misleading or sensationalized it is. And on the other, how much information is intentionally withheld to create a curiosity gap. Well, then these two titles fall in the top right corner. And these are the zones of type II clickbait. At the other extreme, you have things that are so unsensationalized as to be dull. You could call this the dead zone. Now, here is where you would find "Strange applications of the Magnus Effect." I mean, I didn't tell you what the applications were. Now, in the middle is where you would find type I clickbait. But honestly, I think type I and type II clickbait are so different, that we shouldn't even use the same word for them. Instead of type I clickbait, my friend and YouTuber, Brady Heron suggested legitbait. I mean, it might sound enticing, but it is legit. Instead of type II clickbait, we could use clicktrap, clicktrick, linktrap or dupechute. What's important to recognize is that for any given video, there is no one true title and thumbnail. Each video could have hundreds or thousands of different legitbait titles. For example, how does a zero-G plane work? I went on a plane that does parabolic trajectories. What happens to fire on a zero-G plane? Now, the most enticing titles and thumbnails are found close to type II clickbait. I'm reminded of the infographic by smarter every day, showing that on social media, the greatest engagement occurs close to the boundary of what's allowable. But remember that everyone's definition of clickbait is different, and everyone's perceptions of words and images are different. So these are not clear boundaries. They're actually kind of fuzzy. What for one person might be legitbait, for someone else, could be a clicktrap. What's clear is that on a site where click-through rate is important, clickbait of all types is inevitable. How important to a video's success is the title and thumbnail? - Very important. Of course. If they don't click on the video, they don't watch it. You can't get 10 million views unless 10 million people click on the video. So, I mean, it's literally that simple. They don't click on it, - So, why is clickbait everywhere? Well, because it works. More enticing thumbnails get more clicks. Despite some people's claims that they won't click or they'll unsub, it's just like evolution. Whatever survives, multiplies and traits become amplified. If you don't begrudge the giraffe its long neck so it can reach the highest leaves, can you begrudge a YouTuber the red arrow that allows them to reach further audiences? I talked about this in my video two years ago. To be successful as a YouTuber, you need to optimize two things, watch time and the click-through rate of your videos. That's the number of times the title and thumbnail are clicked, divided by the total number of times they're shown. That's the number of impressions. Now at the time, this was something of a revelation for me because I always thought my job was to make great videos. And then a title and thumbnail that adequately represented what the video was about. But now I've realized that making the title and thumbnail is at least half the job. This is not just because better titles and thumbnails get you more clicks, but because better titles and thumbnails will get you way more impressions. YouTube has limited real estate with which to show you virtually infinite content. And so it's not enough to make a good video even if people watch all of it, you also have to make a title and thumbnail that gets clicked, especially in competition with other really good titles and thumbnails. That's the only way you can expect YouTube to give you more impressions. Now, the big development since my last video on this is YouTube introduced real-time metrics like views, impressions and click-through rate. Now, I suggested this would create an arms race. So what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate. And this is basically what has happened. Let me give you my favorite example. Last year, I made a video about asteroids, which I thought was really good. I called it "Asteroids: Earth's Biggest Threat," which is something Stephen Hawking said. And people were very positive about the video. They thought it was maybe one of my best, but the performance was well below average. In its first day, asteroids was ranked ninth out of my previous 10 videos. It was probably on target for about one and a half million views. So I tried different titles and thumbnails like, "Asteroid Impact: What Are Our Chances?" Or "Asteroid Impact: What Could We Do?" But none of these changes got much traction. And then on day three after launch, I changed the title and thumbnail to "These Are the Asteroids to Worry About." And immediately the video started doing better. It quickly shot up from almost my worst performing video to my best. It now has 14 million views. Nothing about the video changed, just that one image and 38 characters. But because of that, the video has reached nearly 10 times as many people as it otherwise would have. And the title and thumbnail accurately describe what the video is about. I mean, sure, there's a curiosity gap, but you couldn't explain the whole concept in the length of the title. So if you see a YouTuber changing titles and thumbnails, this is why. Because that effort can be rewarded many times over. I've seen people objecting to this practice because they think the creator is trying to dupe their audience, get them to click on the same video more than once, but that's not it. The whole point is to get YouTube to show the title and thumbnail to more people. We're trying to increase the number of impressions, which is heavily dependent on the click-through rate. Now, a lot of my recent videos have this typical view curve. There's an initial spike after I release the video and then a dip, and then a second bump after I have figured out a better title and thumbnail. I change the title and thumbnail and I watch the real time view graph. What I'm looking for is a noticeable bump in views. Sometimes there's no change, sometimes it gets worse, but on occasions, when you see something like this, well then, you know you've found a winner. This is something all the big YouTubers are doing. Not even Mr. Beast knows exactly which thumbnail will work best beforehand. Have you ever changed and then the video did better? - Oh, of course. So everybody, I usually make like two or three thumbnails, and then if it's not doing as well as I want, we usually just swap 'em out and see if it does better. 'cause the thing is like, you don't really know. I mean, you could know if you just were an almighty being that could just predict what people would be interested in, but you know, usually... Like, you can do hide and seek. You don't really know if like you hiding in a tree and then someone walking below you is a good thumbnail. Or if you hiding a trash can and them walking in front of you. So, you know, just do both and then see which one interests people a little bit more. - I feel the same way, but I do feel like you have a better sense of this than like most people. - Of course. I mean, no one gets 40 million views a video. (both laughing) - But what is the point in getting more views? If you're cynical, you might say it's all about money and fame. And while there are certainly financial incentives to getting more views, that's not why I do it. As an educational YouTuber, I think there are two very good reasons for using excellent type I clickbait over more straightforward packaging. To understand the first reason, let's consider two different possible titles for my most recent video. I called it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," but it's a video about the Collatz conjecture. So perhaps a more straightforward title would have been simply to call it that. The problem is, if I publish a video called the Collatz conjecture, the most likely people to click on it are those who already know what the Collatz conjecture is. And the vast majority of people will never have heard of it. So for them, the title is meaningless and only the very curious or those who really like Veritasium would click. In contrast, calling it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," conveys more information about the video to everyone. And this means more people can click on it, most of whom will never have heard of the Collatz conjecture. So I get to teach them something new. And since the video has a higher click-through rate, YouTube shows it to even more people. So if my aim is to increase the level of knowledge in the world by the maximum amount possible, this is the way to do it. The second reason we need to optimize titles and thumbnails is to support the major goal of this channel. We are trying to make the best science films on every topic we tackle. That means traveling to meet experts in film experiments, hiring people to build props, make spectacular animations, research and fact check. We hire expert consultants to double and triple check our work. I don't wanna make vlogs. I wanna make science documentaries on YouTube that put broadcast to shame. And to make this possible and sustainable, the videos have to get views and lots of them. And to do that, we have to make the best titles and thumbnails we can. YouTuber and Patreon CEO, Jack Conte has talked about adjusting your packaging. The idea is know what you're passionate about, what you won't compromise on and that stuff goes in the box. All the rest, like what paper it's wrapped in, that's the packaging. So the video is my focus and the title and thumbnail are the packaging that I'm happy to adjust, so I can make the type of videos that are important to me. Now, is it ironic that a channel whose whole purpose is to promote a true seeking mindset has to experiment at the edge of what is truthful in order to fulfill that purpose? It is something that I often worry about. You know, when I did like risking my life to do X, it's like, well, what probability of death does there have to be for you to risk your life? Like 50%? - I love how he always overthinks things. (laughs) That's funny. He's like, is my life risked enough where I can put I risked my life? I only had a 9% chance of dying and I need at least a 13% chance. You're so funny. He was the same way two years ago when he asked me all this stuff. I was like, "Dude, just do whatever makes the most sense. - Yeah, I mean, obviously I feel like my instincts are not good. But what I realized is that I don't have to trust my instincts. This problem of getting the best title and thumbnail, well, it's a scientific problem. We're just asking which accurate representation of the video will get the most clicks from a general audience. And that's a problem we can use the scientific method to solve. So I've hired a couple of really bright people and we spend a lot of time brainstorming and making titles and thumbnails and testing them out. For example, on Twitter and Patreon. Varitasium titles and thumbnails have gotten better, not because I'm better at it, but because of my team and our testing. If you have ideas about how we could do it better, please get in touch. The results have often contradicted what I expected. I mean, this video seemed to perform 10% better when we excluded the word surprising from the title. So it became simply The Secret of Synchronization. I thought these two titles were basically a toss up, but Patreon had a strong preference for one over the other. What's interesting about this research is that the more clickable often better represent the content of the video. Let me give you some examples. One thing I didn't expect when YouTube brought in the real time analytics tools and allowed title and thumbnail changes to affect impressions, was that it would also work for older videos. So here is an old video that I originally entitled, "Why the Neutron is the Hero of Nuclear Physics." In hindsight, it's a weird, kinda meaningless title. So I changed it to, "Why Einstein Thought Nuclear Weapons Impossible." It's clearer, more accurate. And this is what happened to views after the change. I changed "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect" to "Backspin Basketball Flies Off Dam." Again, more accurate. And the video is now being watched on YouTube. Probably 10 million more views than it otherwise would have had. Even anti-clickbait has proven effective. Here's a video I originally titled, "Are Negative Ions Good For You?" Which is a question nobody asked ever. Now, I changed it to, "Do Salt Lamps Work?" Seriously. And here's the result: One and a half million more views. I think looking at these examples, you could easily make the case that YouTube has made me better at what I do. It has improved the clarity and accuracy of my titles and thumbnails. It's helped me figure out what is interesting to my audience and how to encapsulate that in a single image and fewer than 50 characters. For those of you who worry that a focus on titles and thumbnails will prevent me from picking challenging science topics, well, I simply ask you to look at the videos from the last year or two, like the ones on Gödel's incompleteness theorem, general relativity, Penrose tilings, the logistic map, Newton's method of calculating Pi, the one way speed of light. Good titles and thumbnails make it possible to tackle these topics and to reach more people who have heard of them before. There is a symbiotic relationship between views and video quality. The more views we get, the more people, locations, props and equipment and research we can invest in. This makes the next video better than the last. If we can be good at titles and thumbnails, the ultimate outcome is better videos. That is something I think you and I both want. Hey, this video is sponsored by KiwiCo, a long time supporter of the channel. Now KiwiCo makes awesome hands on projects for kids, including big kids like me. They have eight subscription lines targeted at different age groups, all the way down to newborns. What I love about KiwiCo crates is that they make learning fun and something to look forward to. I mean, when I pull out a crate, my kids just jump at the chance to make it with me. And all the materials you need come right in the box. So there's no need to run to the store. You just open it up and go. My kids and I just built this domino machine, which, who knows, might be inspiration for a viral video. Now, the big idea is that while playing and having fun, kids learn about STEAM concepts. That is science, technology, engineering, art and math. And in addition to the project, there's a magazine with a lot of additional information. So I think this is the best way to learn. By doing something yourself and having fun, it's how education should be. So if you wanna try it out, go to Kiwico.com/veritasium50, and you'll get 50% off your first month of any crate. I will put that link down in the description. So I wanna thank KiwiCo for sponsoring Veritasium, and I wanna thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @YahwehSonandHolySpiritLovesYou [2 likes]: makes a lot of sense given that all of your videos are Clickbait recently because of your private equity thing
  2. @Mixa_Lv [2 likes]: I didn't remember you making this video, but coming back to it from the current date, I feel like you have now crossed the line between type 1 and type 2 clickbait, and not by a small margin.

I recently started to use a video title replacer, mainly because of you and a few other channels. I like your content, but I've grown increasingly annoyed by the aggressive AB-testing for your titles and thumbnails. Often they are wildly different from each other, so much so that when I come across one later, I have to seriously wonder if I have seen that video already. When I can't even recognize if it's talking about the same topic, they can't be that descriptive at all.

It will also be a pain in the ass to search for videos in the future. Someone can be like "Hmm, I remember that Veritasium did a good video about the Goldbach conjecture, I should watch that again", but they have to search for a video called "The Obviously True Theorem No One Can Prove". Or the history of Alfred Nobel, aka "The Man Who Fooled The World".
  3. @BiG_Brain13 [1 likes]: yeah, like your content.
  4. @AudioPhile [1 likes]: Yeah, it gets an unlike and a don't recommend from me. Apparently it's sustainable though.

Can't even report bots for being bots. And if you have free YT the ads now have a pop up after the ad fir the ad 😂😂 Like I'm going to click it. All it does is piss the userbase off.
  5. @AsapBiology [1 likes]: 2026?
  6. @5UND3R [1 likes]: It feels odd to be giving YouTube's predatory algorithm so much benefit for being pro user and artist. It's pro YouTube shareholders first and foremost, and everyone feels that. Their algo demanding you maximize the CRO of your thumbnail to get the most clicks isnt a result of a highly effective algo, its the sign of a lacking algo thats sole goal is maximizing output internally at the maximum amount of pain for users. It's all very interesting, but I think the tone could be different.
  7. @2kab157 [1 likes]: YouTube algorithm strikes again with an old BANGER🔥
  8. @senu903 [1 likes]: Can you suggest me some other utube channels that give your vibe and educational content
  9. @dustbustr91: this only matters if you think youtube is a real job….
  10. @exigentpost2023: Thank you for your indepth analysis with your ladder on thumbnails
  11. @TFP_The_Formula_Perspectives: Terrible at clickbait????
Sounds like Ronald says he's not a good footballer
  12. @JoacoruMc: 2:23, asshole hahaha
  13. @Dotter-Family: Gotta appreciate Veritasium helping out small creators like that.
  14. @CarangasBrasileiras: amazing
  15. @CoyoteMan717: 2:49 Well, a black hole bends space time in it’s proximity so your baseline time (or non accelerating) will be longer making you appear younger to everyone on earth, so more time passes by when you’re not on YouTube then when you are, therefore I have a theory that entertainment bends space time and that’s why “time flies when you’re having fun”
  16. @vanhove14: ❤
  17. @Ake_UEFN: 👏
  18. @D0DW3LL: thought this was a recent vid. 4 years ago?? how fitting
  19. @senu903: Why are u on a ladder
  20. @jordanalia4595: Ofc it is.
Rhats why people hate it

- 11 Thumbnail Design Hacks Top Creators Use on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you 11 thumbnail design hacks some of the top creators on YouTube are using right now to Skyrocket their growth on YouTube when it comes to thumbnails your CTR or click-through rate matters a lot CTR is a metric that measures the amount of people who clicked on your thumbnail based on the amount of people it was shown to for example if you have a CTR of 7% that means out of 100 people it was shown to seven of them clicked on it the average CTR on YouTube is between 2 and 10% and the best creators are getting above the average and you can too if you have a low percentage let's be honest you have a boring thumbnail and that won't get views if you have a high one that's where the magic lies and that's where you can get more views make more money and start to grow your channel let's dive in first bright gets it right dark misses the mark bright and contrasting colors on your thumbnails are a great strategy to draw people's attention let's compare these two videos which one would you want to to click on the one on the left or the one on the right using contrasting colors and vibrant colors help draw the viewer's eye to your thumbnail remember your thumbnail gets placed amongst dozens of other thumbnails having a great thumbnail that stands out makes your video the easy option to click on HD is key high quality images are crucial having crisp high resolution images ensure that thumbnails look clean and professional this thumbnail is clean and crisp and psychologically what's happening is it's communicating to the audience that this is a good thumbnail it looks great I got to watch this the best way to capture high quality images for your thumbnails is using your phone or a camera to capture the best photo possible not using a still image from your video that's lower quality close-ups using close-up shots of faces showing strong emotions to create a personal and emotional connection is a great strategy for creating thumbnails I even use Tu budy on this channel on my channel to see which which thumbnails are resonating best with the audience what emotions I'm using in my thumbnails whether I show my face or not that way I can get data to know what to do next close-ups like this psychologically communicate to the viewer the emotion in the video why is he shocked is he happy at what he's looking at it makes you want to find out what's going on another example here is great this makes me curious as to why he's even sitting in a shopping cart and if he's going to be okay here and why are the shelves so empty and did it get this bad the video the less the better that is with the text you use on your thumbnails minimal text is always the goal using minimal but impactful text to convey the message of the video without cluttering the thumbnail and distracting the audience is exactly what you want to aim for this thumbnail here uses little words and allows for the text to support the title of the video along with communicating a message in the photo itself this thumbnail gets me curious because it's saying if he quit his 9 to5 and made billions how do he do it I need to know he's clearly flying on a private plane so it must be true having the look this one is underrated and highly overlooked that's why I call it having the look because if you look at the channel That I just showed you if you scroll through Noah's thumbnails they follow a certain style and they all look alike GQ Sports does this as well they follow this with their series on 10 things blank can't live without the background of their thumbnail is the exact same design every time and you begin to become familiar with it psychologically this builds familiarity with the audience and they begin to know what your thumbnails look like and they can recognize your videos just by the thumbnail alone I look at these videos and I already know what they're about because I see them so often when I just scroll on YouTube having consistent fonts colors and logos are key so your audience can establish a consistent brand and identity with your thumbnails before and afters before and afters create a massive amount of curiosity for the audience to want to click showing a transform or comparison using before and afters is great this is one of my favorite channels on YouTube gravity transformation they do a great job of showing before and after thumbnails by showing a situation on the left side and a different version on the right and you'll notice they incorporate The Branding component in there as well like we just talked about keep in mind you don't have to just be a finish Channel you can show before and afters with anything whether it's a new desk setup a new room setup a home renovation a recipe the possibilities are endless here's a key tip if you are making before and after thumbnails pay attention I know this may sound obvious on the left hand side that is the before and on the right that is the after I see so many channels mixing this up and it's confusing to the audience massive error do not do this use Graphics eye-catching Graphics are a unique way to communicate to the audience what is happening without using any words take this one for example I personally am a massive football fan and I've never seen this video before when I I saw it roll across my feet I said to myself did he actually wear a camera then I said wow that must be the POV shot of him playing on the field I have to watch this that's so cool finding ways where you can communicate to the audience what is happening without having to tell them and you can show them will win take action action shots great strategy to capture people's attention one of the best thumbnails that does this perfectly is from Dude Perfect when they went to space it creates a level of intrigue and excitement because you want to see in that moment what happen happened when they got to that point in the video here's the thing if you are using action shots in your video you must I mean must deliver this channel is one I watch all the time because I'm a massive Aviation fan and what's happening in the thumbnail is always happening in the video because they use an action shot and a screen grab from the video as their thumbnail it works for them let's be honest no one wants to be baited into a video from a thumbnail that didn't deliver in the video at all that is clickbait and no one will come back to watch your videos test test test am testing is a great strategy underrated but a great strategy for this creating different variations for your thumbnails is something to consider personally one of my favorite features with using tubebuddy is the AB testing feature I even used it on a video that I thought the original thumbnail was better and I ran the test and the variation ended up winning with AB testing specifically with tubebuddy a thumbnail will be swapped out every 24 hours so the same audiences are promoted different variations and you could see which one the audience liked better it's great feedback for you to see what the audience likes and what they don't like optimize for mobile and TV when creating a thumbnail you should take into account how it looks on mobile and on TV that's because 45% of viewership of YouTube is happening on TV honestly before I made this video I didn't even know that that's wild to me meaning you need to stand out one of my favorite ways to do this is use thumbnail check phenomenal website to ensure that your thumbnail and title is up to part with best practices and that your title doesn't get cut off when people are surfing YouTube finally do your research this goes overlooked heavily see what's working out there search to see what other people in your Niche industry are doing it's a great way for you to collect data on what's working right now and what people are resonating with check the colors The Branding the style of thumbnail then check the views on the video and I can guarantee you if there's a high view count with a solid thumbnail it means people are clicking on it to watch and they're interested that is 11 that's 10 11 thumbnail design hacks that top creators are using right now on YouTube to grow their Channel get more views and make more money if you enjoyed this video you're going to love this one right here where I share with you five strategies that you can use in 2024 with your YouTube shorts I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcglitch-JC [2 likes]: thx im definatly using this in my next vid
  2. @bigblackboy8918 [1 likes]: When I clicked on the video there was an ad about a video editing software and i watched it for a minute before realizing
  3. @rewarduniversity [1 likes]: very helpful
  4. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is super
  5. @jankijain210: The tip about ensuring the before is always on the left and the after is on the right is such a simple but crucial hack for avoiding viewer confusion
  6. @Nada_mwahhh: straykids mentioned
  7. @Tangon-deaki: Very interesting infor.
  8. @GaoGao-s1l: 1:03
  9. @QRSULTRA2: 1:01 I don’t want to click on any of them cuz I don’t Evan like that
  10. @QRSULTRA2: Bro pls chill im not Evan YouTube verified or have YouTube studios so YouTube gives me options for a thumbnail and im mobile
  11. @LuckyShowTime: How, lad? Show us the way.
  12. @ChrisTheWolff: These 11 design hacks are game-changers🚀 The tip about consistent branding having the look is so underrated for building long-term recognition. Thanks for the breakdown🙌
  13. @jeremysantos_4122: These thumbnail hacks are absolute gold, The tip about using minimal but impactful text is so true, it really helps the main image stand out and drive curiosity. Definitely trying these for my next upload 🎨🚀
  14. @FactFactory-s4u: Who has created youtube channel in December 2025? 😂😊
  15. @WildGeeseMedia1: The fact that he only focuses on childish entertainment channels shows a lack of understanding of psychology behind it.
  16. @WiredSoundscape: You mentioned TubeBuddy, is there another site that does the same thing. I don't want to use my google account to log in, I use a generic email address that won't leave my personal information accessible.
  17. @Xiae-w7g: These are great tips but not knowing how to show what your doing in the video and make it appealing is for some of my videos very hard
  18. @nkdatopg: 0:54 why would I wanna click on a jack Grealish thumbnail instead of kevin
  19. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  20. @RichieHeumann: Mir hat das Video sehr geholfen. Vielen Dank!

- Viral Thumbnail Expert Reveals His Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en - Dylan right here made this thumbnail, it has 1.5 million views. Can you break down this thumbnail for us? - For sure. This was inspired by a thumbnail I made about six months ago. I think it's from "Game of Thrones." He's like, climbing, like, an ice mountain. - [Host] Okay, yeah. - They sent me this asset picture. It was already pretty good. He was wearing the red coat already, and I knew that we would have it on the ice wall. Red and blue are very good contrasting colors. - Something I notice with a lot of these big YouTubers and a lot of the thumbnail designs, they're typically in the middle of doing something and there's an action happening. - Action makes you intrigued. You know, it looks like a frame from the video where he's actually climbing this ice mountain and this makes you very intrigued, and makes you think this is what you are actually going to see in the video. - One thing I really love about this thumbnail is it's very simple. - Yeah, I think simplifying is a big thing. Obviously, you don't want too many colors, but I also don't think there's any rule of less colors is better. Mr. Beast, for example, in his circle videos, there's probably six, seven different colors in that thumbnail, but it still works very well. - It's a great thumbnail. We're gonna go to the next one, which is a thumbnail that you designed for Airrack here, and it's called, "I Ordered 10,000 Amazon Packages." If I just look at that title, I would be like, "How am I gonna design a thumbnail for this?" But you landed on this one. There's still a lot going on, but somehow, the eyes are just led straight to Airrack. What's going on in this thumbnail that the eyes are kind of drawn to where you want them to go? - Yeah, so this thumbnail, you could break it down into three main elements. We have the background with the house, and the trees, and the sky, and the trees really give scale to the mountain of packages. The lines of the pathway lead directly towards Airrack, and I also think that all the packages are kinda noisy, and then the middle of it is just clear, and there's no distraction from all the packages around. - I wanna look at a list of all these old thumbnails, you made new ones, and there's some major differences. - Recreating your thumbnails is a newer trend that people are just now starting to pick up on, and they can really make your videos pop off again, especially if you think the video is good. What I planned to do with these was just to make everything look a lot more intense, because he is eating super spicy food. These thumbnails are a very good example of contrast and why it matters so much. For most of these, I had a darker background on very bright, oversaturated food. It makes everything in the foreground stand out a lot more. You wanna see these people go through this pain and see their reaction to all these crazy foods that they're eating. - You would think with someone eating spicy food, that the thumbnail would show them, like, drooling at the mouth, but something I've kinda learned, sometimes it's better to not show that reaction first, because the viewer actually wants to click and see the reaction. - If you get someone to click on the video and you don't already spoil the reaction, it makes the people stay for the entire video until he has his reaction. - I love all those tips, Dylan. If you guys actually want to see a video on titles, click on the screen, check that out. Thanks so much for being here. - Thank you for having me. - Make sure you check him out on Twitter. Link in the description, see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [18 likes]: Question of the day 💡How would you rate your thumbnails game? Let us know!
 FREE ON-DEMAND CLASS 🎯 Learn 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2022 👉 http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @DioDiablo702 [5 likes]: I honestly think that these overdramatic thumbnail designs is ruining the YouTube experience
  3. @DrizzleSports [1 likes]: Moral of the story is : Hire a Thumbnail Creator cause sheesh 😮‍💨 these guys put in hrs on this
  4. @Divine_presence33: Insightful
  5. @krishnayadav-y8f8b: Where is full video  ?
  6. @tarriadunnstorytellingonlinema: Awesome value!!!
  7. @annaheya2109: Show reaction on thumbnail. Makes people stay for the entire video to see that reaction. Well said 👌
  8. @StillHavens: Thanks!
  9. @The_Norwegian_Girl: Which app are you using?
  10. @mike-leembruggen: Fascinating to learn how simplicity and contrasting colors play a role in thumbnail effectiveness (5:7). I’m curious, how do you walk the thin line between 'spoiling' the video in the thumbnail and enthralling your audience enough to click (16:56)? What's your take on the possible downfalls of revealing too much too soon?
  11. @Jeffrey-hk4fq: Ok, enough of Mr Beast 🤔
  12. @RetroNerdGirl: I changed all my thumbnails and it gave me a nice boost on my channel for sure!  great advice!
  13. @boarrrkbn: ahahahaahah, yea yea, from `game of throne`
  14. @RVAmerica: Great advice.   The struggle is real.  Lynn and Danny
  15. @batufySE: i've been watching thumbnail videos for long time and getting inspired but when I try to create it becomes s*ck 😂
  16. @cookingwithvince: What's the best program to actually make the thumbnails?
  17. @Kiki23-b2y: I’m gonna keep going no matter how hard it is or gets !!! 💪🏾
  18. @WMSClips: Great info! Thankyou for your tips and Knowledge
  19. @thehooddoctoredits: I love this video 🙏
  20. @emmanuele.5908: AMAZING VIDEO! DEFINITELY DO MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS!!!

- how to make a killer youtube thumbnail (to blow up your channel): Kind: captions Language: en here's how to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel because a single thumbnail could be the difference between getting your big break on YouTube and going completely unnoticed as Mr Beast is fond of saying people don't click they don't watch but how exactly do you get someone to click what do the top YouTubers know that we don't to find out I spent the last 36 Days pouring over interviews listening to talks and analyzing the best performing thumbnails from the top creators in the world 73 pages of notes later I discovered that the best YouTube thumbnails fall follow a four-part formula this video will walk you through them all the first part is the one that's by far the most important and yet also the most overlooked if you're watching this video I don't have to tell you that thumbnails are important there is a reason why you clicked on this video in the first place but where most of us go wrong is in the time we dedicate to our thumbnails you see the top YouTubers know that YouTube is a game of clicks and watches the success of a video is determined in part by the effectiveness of the packaging which drives clicks and in part by the video itself which drives watch time the problem is most of us spend our time like this we'll spend countless hours agonizing over scripts capturing the best shots and editing our videos to Perfection only to come up with a thumbnail an hour before the video goes live if that sounds like you don't worry you're not alone that's something I've been working on improving myself but why would you spend 10% of your time on something that determines 50% of the result that's why part one of making a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel is Killer time allocation the best YouTubers in the world view thumbnails as a priority not as an afterthought and while most of us don't even start thinking about thumbnails until right before hitting publish top YouTubers take the time to finalize their thumbnails first before they even start working on the video itself so don't be afraid to spend days or even weeks perfecting your thumbnail it's worth taking the time to get it right once you're prepared to give your thumbnail the time it deserves you're ready to move on to part two of the formula to make a killer YouTube thumbnail to blow up your channel killer psychology when most of us go into thumbnail creation our process might look a little something like this we'll think oh yeah I need a thumbnail um I should probably be in it and there should be some images or icons related to my video topic and I should throw some text in there too to really emphasize the point but that is the default we'll spend the majority of our time finalizing the colors positioning and text our process couldn't be more wrong if we tried because while we're spending most of our time on thumbnail design the most successful YouTubers spend the majority of their time nailing the psychology behind the click and recently world-renowned YouTube consultant Patty Galloway confirmed the exact same thing a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the fil that because ultimately no matter the formatting or color scheme of a thumbnail the decision to click is driven by a single psychological mechanism here curiosity and that curiosity is strongest we experience what's known as a curiosity Gap this is the gap between what we currently know and what we want to know and is one of the most basic drivers of human behavior because as humans our brains are wired to Crave closure so when we're introduced to an unfinished story or a question without an answer it's like having an itch that we very much want to scratch our brains go wow I could really use some closure right now that pushes us to seek out Answers by clicking on the video to see this in action let's take a look at this thumbnail from Kelly wakasa design-wise this thumbnail is relatively simple there are no crazy Halos of light or detailed illustrations yes the colors are great which is something we'll get into detail later but it's not the colors that make this an insanely clickable thumbnail it's Ashley in her position and her expression and Kelly in the action he's taking these elements work together to evoke the questions what led up to this very moment and what's about to happen next these questions open a curiosity Gap that Gap is only closed by clicking on the video and watching it the stronger the Curiosity Gap the more clickable the thumbnail and the strongest curiosity gaps on YouTube are created using one of the same five methods the thumbnail we just looked at is a prime example of a moment thumbnail these thumbnails generate curiosity by offering a glimpse into the moment right before a powerful reaction when the moment captured contains enough emotion and tension it becomes nearly irresist resistible when we inevitably click on the video we're clicking to find out what happens directly before during and after that exact moment story thumbnails also generate curiosity by provoking the question what happens next but instead of focusing on a specific moment before a reaction story thumbnails place the emphasis on building narrative they usually do this by introducing a point of tension or a question that sets up the First Act of the story when we click on the video we click both for the resolution of the T tension on screen and afford whatever new tension or consequence that resolution leads to the stronger the tension the more effective the thumbnail result thumbnails feature a desired result whether it's a physical final product or a sought after skill the Curiosity Gap Remains the Same how did they do it and commonly how can I do it too the more sought after the result the stronger the Curiosity Gap and the more effective the thumbnail transformation thumbnails also feature a desired result the difference is they also show a beginning State the more relatable this beginning State the more effective transformation thumbnails are for the Curiosity coming from the desire to know the story and process behind getting from point A to point B and last but not least novelty thumbnails draw their power from our natural urge to experience something we've never seen before novelty thumbnails typically come in two flavors novelty that inspires awe and Novelty that is weird or unexpected and while nov y can be drawn from complete absurdity it tends to be the most effective when it's combined with something we're already familiar with offering a unique spin to something we already know so before you open canva or photoshop consider what curiosity Gap you want to create first what questions can you introduce that they really need the answers to if you're having trouble coming up with a strong curiosity Gap I have some bad news for you your video idea probably isn't interesting enough in the first place I get this all the time you know I've got this amazing idea it's going to be so funny I just can't think way it's a thumbnail there and I'm like well then it's not a good it's not a good YouTube idea unfortunately the best YouTube thumbnails come from killer video ideas and the topic of how to come up with a killer video idea is big enough to make an entire other video about it so I will I'll put a link in the description below when it's out but to make sure you don't miss it now would be a great time to well you know the rest after you're 90% is unconfident you have a curiosity Gap people will click for you have the foundation for your killer thumbnail to blow up your channel but in order for someone to get hooked by your killer curiosity Gap they have to notice it in the first place because as soon as we log on to YouTube We're hit with a screen full of different recommendations each one vying for attention and as we're browsing through our recommendations often with our brains on autopilot we scroll past countless thumbnails that we don't even mentally register to avoid their thumbnails being lost in the noise the best YouTubers in the world are Masters at pattern Interruption they know exactly what to include in their thumbnails to stop your scroll because they know how to hack our brain's attention system you see our brains are constantly bombarded by stimulus if we constantly took in everything we could perceive at all times we'd be paralyzed with information overload so to help us out our brains use attention focusing on the most relevant or useful information while filtering out the rest but this attention system can be hacked because our brains are biologically primed to pay more attention to certain things I call these things scroll Stoppers and top YouTubers include them in their thumbnails to ensure that their thumbnails catch your eye a classic example is the use of faces you've probably heard the advice that faces do well in thumbnails and indeed our brains are very good at recognizing faces because it helps us understand other people's emotions and intentions which can in turn signal a Potential Threat or opportunity the larger the face the stronger this effect but before you go slapping a giant picture of your face to the left side of each of your thumbnails hey Mr Beast keep in mind that faces are quite a bit more effective for your favorite YouTubers than they are for you and no that's not a diss on your looks it's due to something called familiarity bias which is the idea that our brains are naturally drawn to what we're familiar with when we recognize the face of a YouTuber we already know like and Trust we're more likely to click on it versus a thumbnail featuring a face we don't recognize now this doesn't mean that if you're a new or small YouTuber you completely screwed in fact familiarity bias is something that can even be hacked in our favor that's the logic behind the thumbnail style of Charisma on command people are more likely to stop their scroll when they see a celebrity they recognize versus the face of a random guy they don't know familiarity bias is so powerful that even well-known gaming YouTubers will often feature a recognizable character or element from a popular game instead of their own face in a thumbnail and familiarity bias extends Beyond faces as well that's one of the reasons why thumbnails featuring instantly recognizable interfaces such as Discord iMessage Yelp PayPal and others are so eye-catching this isn't to say that you should never include your face in a thumbnail if you're a lesser known YouTuber our natural attraction faces is powerful even if they're unfamiliar but if if you a smaller YouTuber hoping to attract a larger audience you shouldn't rely on your face alone to stop a scroll instead consider using one or more of these other scroll Stoppers in general we're attracted to nice large round numbers these clickable numbers become even more clickable when money is attached to it something Finance channels tend to use to their advantage in fact money in any form tends to stop our scroll we're also naturally wired to detect danger and movement as they can often signal a new threat or opportunity in our environment in a similar vein we're drawn to displays of emotion because an emotional reaction in others can signal a threat we haven't detected ourselves yet we are biologically attracted to bright colors which in the early days of human existence could help us identify everything from ripening fruit to Fresh blood and we're also drawn to things that are aesthetically pleasing because frankly they feel really nice to look at and our brains want more of that pleasurable feeling but while it may be tempting to J amam as many scroll Stoppers as possible into your thumbnail that could end up hurting rather than helping you because the more scroll Stoppers your thumbnail has and the more click ba your thumbnail becomes the more diluted your brand gets that's one of the reasons why Ryan tryan opts for more realistic looking faces in his thumbnails and I found that realistic thumbnails just feel like me it feels like yeah if my face is not like then I feel more connected to the to the thumbnail if I'm just making a very subtle face that's like because it's realistic and I'm like oh that's that's legit so before you get lost in the sauce of throwing in big numbers bright colors and giant emotional faces in each of your thumbnails consider the brand you want to build and the story you want to tell not every scroll stopper will fit with every Creator and every audience and every curiosity Gap and that's okay just choose the one or two that enhances rather than dilutes or distracts from your chosen curiosity Gap and your brand after you have a killer curiosity Gap in one or more killer scroll Stoppers you've nailed the psychology of the click but how can we turn that wellth thought out psychology into a physical thumbnail that brings us to part three in making a killer design we tend to think of design as adding things but great design is actually about getting the main point across as quickly as possible which is good news for us because if it takes more than 2 seconds for a viewer to fully understand what's happening in your thumbnail they're already scroll R in past leaving your video unnoticed and unwatched to avoid this top YouTubers obsess over making their thumbnails extremely obvious to see and Incredibly easy to process and to do that they perfect the three C's of thumbnail design contents composition and contrast the contents of your thumbnail are all of the visual elements that make up your thumbnail including people icons Graphics backgrounds and text essentially it's the what of your your thumbnail but how do you decide what to include in your thumbnail it's simple you include whatever you need to create your curiosity Gap typically these elements are broken into two categories main characters and supporting characters the main character is the single element that best contributes to the Curiosity Gap this is the hero or focal point of the thumbnail for a novelty thumbnail It's the weird new or unexpected thing for a result thumbnail it's the result for a story thumbnail it's the main character or driver of the story and so on and so forth and while in some rare cases there can be more than one main character in the vast majority of thumbnails every other element exists to support the main character and creating the Curiosity Gap either by providing necessary context drawing attention or adding additional curiosity in this story thumbnail from Mr Beast the Curiosity Gap comes from wanting to know what happened while he was stranded at Sea what challenges he came across and how he dealt with with those challenges the story is about Mr Beast so he's the main character the rest of the elements are supporting characters there's a wraft to indicate that the main character is stranded the water to indicate that he's at sea sharks to add the scroll stopper of danger and the words day7 to indicate the scope and depth of the video there's nothing extraneous here every single element has a purpose and every element is positioned in a way that guides the eye directly to the main character which brings us to the second SE of thumbnail design composition starting with layout most high performing thumbnails follow one of two alignments symmetrical thumbnails Place their main character in the center with the left side of the thumbnail closely resembling the right side asymmetrical thumbnails follow the rule of thirds placing their main character on the left or right third of the thumbnail but it's not just the placement of the main character that matters supporting characters and backgrounds can also be used to direct attention when placed properly natural lines in the background can become leading lines subtly drawing our eyes to the main character and of course the classic red arrow or Circle helps to quite literally point out what we should be looking at in some cases though top YouTubers will intentionally direct some attention away from the main character instead choosing to emphasize a supporting character this is usually in cases where the supporting character is used as a reference point to establish some unique defining characteristic of the main character such as size in those cases top YouTubers are very careful to ensure their thumbnails maintain the proper hierarchy preventing the main character from being overshadowed by any supporting characters this hierarchy can be established using scale where the main character is significantly larger than any other element blur where the main character is in Focus while the other elements are blurred and depth where the main character is the element closest to the camera this hierarchy is especially critical to keep in mind when considering thumbnail text text in thumbnails is tricky in some thumbnails text is an integral supporting character adding critical context Clarity or curiosity in others text only serves to add clutter so if you're tripping over your words here are some pointers text should only be used if it's additive to the story the thumbnail is trying to tell what do I mean by additive well there are a number of ways in which text can help create curiosity it can be used to show scope or intensity in thumbnail such as 41 minutes in or stake number 46 which gives viewers a sense of scale it can add context giving viewers insight to things they may not know it can add Clarity to things that might not be obvious and can even be a source of curiosity acting like a subheading if you do elect to use text in your thumbnails here are some things to keep in mind while the human brain can process an image in as little as 13 milliseconds it takes us much much longer to process text so unless the text you use is a big flat cashy number with a dollar sign in front of it don't count on text to be what draws in viewers in the first place your text should never just repeat your title remember we're going for additive not repetitive and you should optimize your text for legibility this means keeping it to a maximum of five words avoiding it looking like a block of text using language your audience can easily understand and selecting a font that is easy to read typically this means sanser fonts with outlines and shadows unless you're going for a specific brand or Vibe and make sure your text is never higher in the element hierarchy than your main character take this lovely binging with babish thumbnail it's a clear compelling result thumbnail and it looks delicious now let's make the most common thumbnail text mistake no more eye-catching result instead just a block of text you won't bother reading as you scroll past to avoid ruining a good thumbnail with poor text choices ensure your main character always remains the dominant element but position iing alone isn't enough to do that and even the most beautifully structured thumbnail can be ruined if it doesn't apply one critical concept this concept contrast and no not this type of contrast when we say that a thumbnail really pops what we're really saying is that it has good contrast and when applied properly contrast can not only instantly capture attention but also guide the viewer's eye directly to the most important part of the thumbnail how do we do that with color colors have three values Hue saturation and lightness or luminosity and contrast can be created using each of these values contrast using luminosity comes from mixing lights and darks Luminosity contrast is the driver behind the success of this thumbnail from Mr who's the boss this is a novelty thumbnail the Curiosity generated from a strange crystal structure we've never seen before the main character of the crystal structure and the critical supporting character of the contextual text in the arrow are the complete opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background and from Mr who the boss himself if Mr who's the boss's background was lighter our attention wouldn't be drawn to the Curiosity generators anymore they'd completely blend in instead we'd instantly be drawn to Mr who's the boss's face which isn't strong enough alone to drive curiosity and get the click contrast using saturation comes from mixing areas of high saturation with areas of low saturation the best example of this is Ryan tryan's iconic world's quietest room thumbnail which was so effective it started a whole Trend the main character in Ryan's thumbnail is Ryan himself and his reaction to being within the world's quietest room by dropping the saturation to just grayscale for the rest of the thumbnail but keeping Ryan in full saturation that saturation being emphasized even more by using a rich bright color Ryan instantly stands out from everything else and our eyes immediately find him saturation contrast can also be combined with Luminosity contrast for eye-catching results in this thumbnail from Elizabeth Phillips the main curiosity generators are Elizabeth herself in the supporting text Elizabeth's turtleneck and the supporting text are the opposite Luminosity from the rest of the background creating Luminosity contrast but to take things one step further she adds a bright pop of red for saturation contrast instantly drawing attention to her face and the most important word on the thumbnail less common but still worth me mentioning we have Hue contrast contrast using Hue comes from using what's known as complimentary colors these are colors that sit opposite to each other on the color wheel they're the colors that create the most pop when placed side by side in this thumbnail from Mr Beast the color of the raft is neatly complimentary to the color of the water if his raft were a different color it wouldn't stand out as much and take a look at this thumbnail from Nick de Giovani he could have chosen any color as his background but this bright blue is the one that best comp complements the vibrant orange of the Prime bottle allowing it to pop but contrasting Hue isn't reserved for just two colors remember when I said the colors in this Kelly wakasa thumbnail were great it's a great example of split complimentary colors the main colors of Ashley's skin tone her blue coat and Kelly's yellow coat are nearly perfectly split complimentary resulting in each color standing out without anyone overpowering the others other complimentary color schemes include Triads and even tetrads and while using complimentary colors is by no means necessary for a killer thumbnail trust me the vast majority of successful thumbnails don't follow a perfectly complimentary color scheme it's a great place to start if you typically struggle with picking out thumbnail colors but the concept of contrast isn't reserved for color values within a thumbnail itself contrast is also incredibly powerful when applied in relation to other thumbnails your viewers might often see in a second I'm going to show you a screen of thumbnails I want you to notice which ones your eyes are instantly drawn to ready go which thumbnail does your attention keep snagging on for most people it's this one which is wild because looking at it there's nearly nothing on it it doesn't seem like particularly brilliant thumbnail but it stands out to us because it's different while every other Minecraft thumbnail is bursting with numerous brightly colored elements this thumbnail just has one big color block as a result it's remark able it contrasts with every thumbnail around it making it pop so while it may be tempting to follow the thumbnail meta of your Niche consider going against the grain if most thumbnails are maximalist try something minimalist if most thumbnails use red try using blue or green try being remarkable it might just be your breakout thumbnail it was for me but whether you choose to think outside the rectangle or Draw your inspiration from what already works it's safe to say that by now a lot of work has been poured into your thumbnail there are curiosity gaps and scroll Stoppers and contents and composition and contrast it's a lot to keep track of so as you're making your final thumbnail adjustments how do you know when you're done how do you know that you have a killer thumbnail that's good enough to blow up your channel to evaluate the quality of their thumbnails the best YouTubers in the world run their finished thumbnails through a series of three tests which brings us to the fourth and final step in our formula to make a killer thumbnail to blow up your Channel killer analysis the first test top YouTubers run on their thumbnails is the clarity test because when we make our thumbnails they're usually taking up our entire screen on Photoshop canva or in my case figma they look brilliant Bold and Beautiful the perfect thumbnail a masterpiece but your viewers don't see your thumbnail on Photoshop your viewers see your thumbnail on YouTube and thumbnails can look very different in full screen than when they're teeny tiny on a suggested panel so to make sure your thumbnail makes sense at any size popped into a preview tool like click pilot the smallest your thumbnail will ever show up on YouTube is in the suggested panel so to pass the clarity test you must be able to make out every element of your thumbnail in the sidebar view without straining can you clearly read every word can you easily identify every element if the answer is no your thumbnail still needs some work once you've pass the clarity test you can advance the contrast test this is where top YouTubers verify their thumb nail stands out in a crowd add a few channels that your viewers are also watching does your thumbnail interrupt the pattern can your thumbnail stop the scroll if not go back and make some changes if yes you're ready to move on to the third and final test the glance test if you've made it all the way to this test it's safe to say that you've spent a lot of time staring at your thumbnail which means that you're more than a little biased so for the ultimate test of whether or not they have a killer thumbnail nail the best YouTubers in the world show their thumbnails to someone else even sometimes I'll just take take a thumbnail on my phone and show it to someone really quickly and just say what did you see put your thumbnail on your phone and Flash it to a friend family member or willing stranger for 2 seconds and then ask them what they saw if those 2 seconds aren't enough for someone seeing your thumbnail for the first time to fully understand what's going on your thumbnail isn't clear enough but if you pass the clarity test and the contrast test and the glance test congratulations you have your killer thumbnail you'd think that would be the end right but no despite being so intentional about every component of their thumbnail the best YouTubers in the world still have one final secret they apply to every thumbnail they make because even the best YouTubers in the world are wrong sometimes so top YouTubers don't just make one killer thumbnail they make three the one that they hit publish with and two variations they're ready to swap it in a moment's notice as soon as they see a video start to flop these variations aren't as simple as just changing the T-shirt color and calling in a day because of a thumbnail is underperforming a t-shirt color change isn't going to be enough to save it instead top YouTubers will go all the way back to the beginning considering different curiosity gaps scroll Stoppers elements compositions and types of contrast will come up with 10 to 15 entirely different concepts don't worry these concepts are not fully fleshed out they're just sketched out and take from Patty Galloway these sketches don't even have to be that good they are the worst sketches ever known to mankind the sketches just serve as a proof of concept to get a general gist of what the final product could look like from there they'll select the three best Concepts to take to full thumbnails those are their thumbnail variations and those are the backups they have ready to swap in just in case their initial guess was wrong how do you know when it's time to swap in the first few hours after you hit publish closely monitor your videos views Impressions and clickthrough rate or CTR if your views Impressions and CTR are all above average then congratulations you did it you made your killer thumbnail no swapping needed if your views and impressions are both high but your CTR is low that's also a good sign this usually happens because YouTube decided to push your video out to people outside of your core audience and a lower than average CTR is natural and expected no swapping needed but if your views Impressions and CT PR are all below average it's worth swapping to a different thumbnail variation to see if it's a problem with your thumbnail if you're crunch for time and can't vigilantly monitor your analytics hours after each upload that's okay all is not lost YouTube is rolling out their own native AB testing feature and if you're a pleb like me and don't have access to it yet or if you want deeper more customizable testing thumbnail test is a great alternative some top YouTubers wait a few hours before swapping thumbnails and some top YouTubers wait a few days either way it always pays off to have a few variations on standby because sometimes the only thing holding a video back from reaching its full potential is the right thumbnail I know we've covered a lot in this video and for good reason thumbnails are simultaneously incredibly important and Incredibly complex and although I threw a lot at you today if there's anything to remember when making a killer thumbnail to blow up your channel it's give your viewers a reason to click make your thumbnails OB obious to see and easy to understand and pass your tests to help you out you can even save this guide to reference every time you make a thumbnail I'll put a link to download it for free in the video description below and here's the thing the next thumbnail you make may not be perfect or the one after that or the one after that but guess what there is no such thing as the perfect thumbnail thumbnails are an art form not an exact science and all of the guidelines I introduce in this video are just that guidelin for every Point I've brought up there are dozens of examples of killer counter points but sometimes you just need to understand the best practices in order to know which ones to bend or break and as long as you implement the principles covered in this video with every thumbnail you make you're going to get better and better YouTube channels tend to grow a little bit at a time and then all at once and while I might not be able to guarantee that your next video will go viral I am sure of one thing if you keep going and if you keep improving you will get there it might be tomorrow it might be quite a few tomorrows but if you keep with it your big break will come after all you're just one killer video away but a killer thumbnail alone isn't enough to make a killer video because after someone clicks on your video they need to actually watch it and for that to happen they need to make it through your intro so to learn how to make a killer YouTube intro click here otherwise keep creating like And subscribe if you can and I will see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItzJaytheAnimator [1 likes]: Girl your doing well cuz I watched All your videos from start to finish
  2. @HighSchoolMathLab [1 likes]: Amazing thumbnail video. Now off to implement the strategies!
  3. @susmatteoo [1 likes]: The caution sign is also a thumbnail for a rimworld mod. Called common sense
  4. @alpinecricketer: Any tips for thumbnails where the  video 'topic' actually emerges as you film the video ? I.E a sports match. I struggle to wrap my head around planning thumbnails for these because you dont actually know whats going to happen in the video and you only identify potential curiosity gaps in editing.
  5. @UltimateChr: Hahahaha "us (plebs)" 
Man, I feel that...
  6. @aprendese: Best video about thumbnails on YouTube
  7. @MiniJankari: Waaao , I can’t believe , what I saw today ❤
  8. @prabhukrishnan6017: @Aprilynne Alter Never seen the Thumbnail design video like your's. This is too great, Loved it. Thanks a lot for this information.
  9. @33konn: how the hell do I make someone curious about a little music animation I made 💔
  10. @meditationandmusic9725: Best ever video on Thumbnails in the whole Youtube Fully value packed💯🙌
  11. @boringadviceyt: Honestly, you could sell this video like a course and charge crazy amount of money. Thank you for this Killer video!
  12. @hassansyed6087: April, this is my 4th time commenting on your videos.
You know how much game you have given me? Like actual, repeatable, observable winning methods ?
Truly. Thank you
  13. @wicomms: If one is starting a bible channel what thumbnail could we use?
  14. @HodgesKooker: :face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning::face-orange-frowning:
  15. @JabarisBeautifulWorld: Thanks for this!!
  16. @S4SQU4TCH_2K: you just earned yourself another subscriber, thanks (saved your playlist too)
  17. @LastMarauderMusical: Any suggestions for making a curiosity gap for song demos?
  18. @FoundationBibleStudies: Thank you for such a thorough breakdown. This will definitely be a reference as I try and lock in the psych of packaging.
  19. @SaplingofSpunk: > "For the 2025 algorithm"
> Posted December 2023

(Thank you for the info, just thought the date disparity was funny lol)
  20. @asmaadelulu: u have cute hands 🥺

- Do CRINGE Youtube Thumbnail Faces Get More Views? (an Experiment): Kind: captions Language: en we built an ai tool to study over 600 youtube thumbnails and find out exactly which three design features lead to more views but there is one particular strategy that i want to learn some more about something called the youtube face it's on the home page your recommended feed even on your favorite channels these unnatural over-exaggerated expressions have become a bit of a meme on the platform because well they're a bit cringy aren't they they're silly unrealistic and sometimes even resemble fine art but do these click bait thumbnail faces actually have a provable effect on youtube views well that's what i want to find out from what i can gather the classic youtube thumbnail face normally features the following elements the wide eyes the wide open mouth and sometimes even hands on the side of your head so you look like the home alone kid and the best way to see if this face actually leads to more views is to try doing it myself so with all that in mind let's take some photos oh actually hurts my jaw how has my life come to this so i'm now going to sift through all of the stills from this photoshoot and create my own cringe thumbnail and we'll measure the effect a bit using click-through rate now this is a metric that all creators need to know about in relation to their own channel because it measures the effectiveness of your youtube thumbnails in your analytics it shows you this score in the form of a percentage representing the amount of people who see your thumbnail on youtube and end up clicking on the video so essentially what i want to learn is this do thumbnails featuring the thumbnail face get a higher click-through rate than the thumbnails without it with help from our talented graphic designer tony i've created two different thumbnails for my latest video which are identical in design apart from my facial expression one is sort of a thinking face that fits in with the context of that video and the other is that famous thumbnail face using an extension called tubebuddy i'm going to run an a b test which changes the thumbnail on this video every 24 hours for eight days so we can find out which design people find more clickable and we'll come back and look at those results at the end of the video because first we're also running a much bigger test let's go to experiment b here at veed our developers have built us a powerful ai tool which is going to study the effectiveness of hundreds of youtube thumbnails and i'm going to call this ai vdbot so vdbot can you tell us what you've been up to i have collected over 600 youtube videos that appeared in the trending section during the last month i then selected the 100 videos that appeared more than two times and analyze the data using a tsne dimensionality reduction technique which places the images of similar content near each other so you can see which design elements are most commonly used in youtube's most popular videos so what did you find i found that the shocked thumbnail face is extremely effective you humans can't seem to escape the primal instinct to show interesting facial expressions that convey extreme emotions exaggerated expressions of being disgusted shocked or furious at a video subject is one of the most common visual components in a trending video so the thumbnail face really works then yes but that's not all another popular pattern that came up frequently was the usage of big red arrows they are seen in almost any genre of videos and often used as a way to put emphasis on certain elements in a thumbnail well i guess red arrows can be pretty clear i also found that many trending videos use a before and after format this type of thumbnail makes the audience curious to see what happened during the video thus leading to more clicks wow thanks speedbot anything else yes something very important oh what's that please subscribe otherwise i have no purpose okay i think that's enough feedback for today so this does tell us that there are some clear thumbnail themes that work for many channels that make it onto the trending page because these methods are extremely effective in all of the right areas first of all they make for an eye-catching design but then they also create an element of intrigue and curiosity and they also help to trigger some sort of emotional reaction and the youtube face in particular can clearly be a great shortcut to creating an emotional response with your viewers whether it's good or bad they just can't help but click on that stupid face but what about our real world thumbnail face experiment it is now eight days later since we started the test so i'm looking back at the tubebuddy extension and i can see that the results are not quite what i expected in fact although the shocked thumbnail face did get more views overall the less dramatic thinking face actually performed much better in terms of click-through rate so tubebuddy is actually suggesting that i use the thinking face going forward because it might perform better in the long run and i guess what this shows is that context is also very important for your thumbnail designs maybe for the type of content i'm making on this channel which is often tutorials that shocked thumbnail face just looks a little bit out of place so as a work of click bait it just doesn't fit and overall that also shows that there is no guaranteed success behind using the thumbnail face but it is undeniable that many large creators are using this method and getting great results from it because again it's all about that emotional response even if that response is all just cringe if you found this video useful make sure you leave it a like and subscribe to the channel for some more content like this and i'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @carl_anderson9315 [29 likes]: I honestly think YouTube faces are a great indicator of what’s wrong with today’s world.
  2. @VEEDCREATORS [28 likes]: So, will you try the “Youtube Face”?

PS. try VEED to edit your YouTube videos online 👉 https://veed.video/3sjKiHr
  3. @tyrant_tarantula [15 likes]: Over exaggerated and face palm thumbnails make me avoid clicking
  4. @synchronicity1470 [4 likes]: thought I'd investigate the proliferation of gape-mouthed, shocked expression, wide-eyed, even cross-eyed expressions seen on almost every youtube thumbnail or main image.
It is ridiculous, repugnant, unnecessary and everyone's doing it!
I loathe the trend. 
(to think, I am writing this 2 years after this was first shown!)
I hardly noticed it then. But now, it is beyond acceptable and anyone that does it drops in (my) esteem by 3/4%.
fcs, be done with it already!
  5. @foundpat [3 likes]: I never click on any open mouthed shock face video. I have in the past and 99% of the time the content ends being a waste of your time.
  6. @SoGoodWeNamedIt [3 likes]: im not clicking if i see it, cringe aint the word 😂

the fact that people copy everything is pathetic, be original!
  7. @Psychlist1972 [3 likes]: The thinking face is also a meme face. I hate it so much.
  8. @Kexlar [2 likes]: No, because every time I see a stupid face on a Youtube thumbnail they go straight onto my Do Not Recommend list. If you are trying to get views doing that stupid surprise face is not the way to go, unless you are aiming for kids to watch your channel.
  9. @bernadettelanders7306 [2 likes]: I refuse to watch to ‘OMG, shock, face YouTube thumbnails. They are Arrrghhh😱 fake and annoying
  10. @absolutelyfookinnobody2843 [2 likes]: Narcissism?
  11. @LadyMontane [1 likes]: Funny that "youtube face" actually gets more clicks... when I see one I know the video will be a one big nothingburger, so it actually succeeds in me not clicking on it!
  12. @johannwolf1 [1 likes]: While I'm not surprised the data demonstrates these cringey faces and design attract the hypnotized / low self aware viewers... as a 40 year ECD in advertising creating campaigns for the worlds largest brands... I deliberately avoid them and notice when the channels I subscribed to started this idiocy... my viewership declined. Algorithms are making the public dumber... it's up to you to fight back intelligently. That is how culture is actually evolved.
  13. @rdtx2049 [1 likes]: I never click on a video with such thumbnail. Moreover I unsubscribe if my favourite YouTube does it. I want to know why do people make those disturbing and disgusting thumbnails.
  14. @absolutelyfookinnobody2843 [1 likes]: Yes, it conveys emotions. Rage, pure rage
  15. @Peppermint-Fatty: I dont even click them anymore,  i just report and dont recommend it.
  16. @3rr0rid10t: Youtube expressions is just another step closer to making the internet completely devoid of anything useful.  The algorithm rewards our worst instincts...
  17. @ScissorVixens: When I see a cringe-level YouTube thumbnail face being made as an attempt to get clicks....I simply can not take these clowns serious and will never click on the thumbnail.  But, I believe I'm in the minority as the majority of clowns in our society seem to fall for this nonsense!  I guess one thing is for certain...I won't be a YouTube star anytime soon! ;) 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
  18. @ronmcrae5328: I dont listen to idiots in real life- I am sure not going to bother with idiots on youtube. 'what happened to people whose appearance  was that of a scholar- not a retard?
  19. @myandmyeditss4: You look like my teacher in younger💀
  20. @smbinvestor: gross

- Why our Thumbnails Look Like This.: Kind: captions Language: en Ah, I have been doing this for a long time, and I still do not know how to make the perfect thumbnail. Do I add the big red arrow? Maybe a big smile? Maybe like this? Perhaps a touch of dim-a-stare? Wait, no, of course, I'll use YouTube's ABC Thumbnail Tester, I mean, sure. It's twice as much work for our thumbnail artist, Maria, but, hey, you don't mind, right? Um, actually, Linus i miri be s- Great! While you get that going, I'm gonna explain to the good people what exactly it is that we're up to with our little experiment. Late last year, we were given access to a tool that allows us to upload multiple thumbnails for this same video, and then keep only the one that performs the best. And we've spent many hours experimenting with- some sometimes confusing results. I mean, at times the winner is painfully obvious, but other times it is impossible to decipher just what the heck you guys liked about the thumbnail of choice. Just like it's impossible to determine when I'm gonna segue to our sponsor. See? I gotcha! That wasn't the segue! MSI! Does your gaming prowess need some divine intervention? MSI's Meg Z790 god-like Max motherboard might not actually make you a gaming deity, but we'd like to imagine that if there was such a thing, they'd be using one. Go check it out in the description below. Let's kick things off with a result that still has us flummoxed. Bell's AMD tech upgrade features him either on the left or on the right. And the people have spoken, and Bell on the right is our big winner with 56.9% of the shared total watch time. That means that those of you who watched it were served either of these two thumbnails during our test, and the ones who clicked on this one stuck around for significantly longer. Or wait, hold on a second. Stuck around longer. Yeah, well, here's the thing. If YouTube gave creators a tool that just chose a winning thumbnail based on the click-through rate, we would be straight back to the dark ages within a matter of hours. So instead, they built an incentive for this tool that aligns with their agenda, which is, of course, to keep you watching YouTube for as long as possible. So the best thumbnail is the one that best sells the content that you're about to enjoy. Coming back to Bell then. He thinks it's obviously because his left side is his better side. Who could blame him? He's right. But we think that it could have more to do with how the viewer's eye gets directed. Most of our audience speaks English, which means that they probably read from left to right on the page. So, a thumbnail that communicates in order. There is a strong correlation between the title and concept. This is almost certainly a Linus Tech Tips video, and he's gonna do an upgrade that makes a member of his team happy, might outperform one that communicates, here's a guy who's happy and doesn't look very stealthy. Oh, by the way, I think that's Linus standing in an empty room. Maybe, I don't know. For this one. Your guess is as good as mine, and I would love to hear your theories down below. Hey you! Yeah, you. If you want to hear more of our theories, Maria and I will be filming a closer look about the thumbnails we don't talk about in this video. Get subscribed on Float Plane so you don't miss it, and check out some of our other content while you wait. Let's change gears, though, and look at an easier one, the scorpion chair. We've hitted a pallet of unopened boxes against the chair in all of its glory. Now, conventional clickbait wisdom might be to give away as little information as possible in hopes of enticing you with curiosity. But as you can see, the chair thumbnail won by a landslide with 69.2% of the shared watchtime. And in this case, it's kind of obvious if you think about it. You see the chair, you click the chair, you stay for the chair. You see a pallet of boxes, you click a pallet of boxes, you get a weird chair. Well, see you later. It is entirely possible that the mystery boxes may have driven more clicks, maybe a lot more clicks, and they could have even resulted in more counted views. But the cold hard truth is that YouTube doesn't want to build tools that help an individual creator get lots of views. They wanna build tools to increase viewer satisfaction on the platform as a whole, which is a good thing. It's just that it's really hard to do. As it turned out, the vast majority of our tests were much more evenly split, even in cases where we uploaded dramatically different images. Check out this one. I didn't even realize that we had started this test until I saw this thumbnail on my feed for reacting to our best PC builds ever. Thumbnail one is the big open mouth that I saw, while thumbnail two is a more relaxed natural smile. I thought for sure that this one would help us end the cringe versus natural debate once and for all. But as it turns out... y'all mostly just kind of don't care. The LTT audience seems to slightly prefer a closed mouth or a natural smile versus a big wide O face one like this, but typically by just one or two percent more watch time. Emoting in different ways does see some disparity, but it seems like it's less about lots of emotion and more about ensuring that the emotion or the mood suits the video. When we replaced our office PCs with Dell Optiplexes the neutral face ended up outperforming the disgusted face. So maybe negativity is bad? But then for the $150,000 server video, our frustrated or upset thumbnail did way better than the one in which I'm smiling. In some ways, we've actually ended up with more questions than we had when we started. What we think is happening though, is that some expressions help us tell a better story. And there's a lot more to it than just changing a face. Every element of the thumbnail helps paint a picture that informs. And entices. Maybe this background color was just too aggro for a chill video like this one about cable management, where I'm relaxing at my desk in a bathrobe. People did NOT like the razor green version and strongly preferred a more calming dark blue. If we choose to use text or icons in our thumbnails, we've got to ask ourselves, do we need that big question mark? Could we label things more clearly? Is text even necessary, or is the title of the video enough? Another big part of our experiment has been adding red arrows pointing at the subject of the video that it turns out though Seems like a big no-no when the subject or the item in question is super obvious like Okay, the building behind you clearly smash champs and yeah that meta quest 3 on your face You're obviously going to be talking about that We don't need a red arrow to know that you can get this super comfy dip-dye hoodie from LTTstore.com. Do you? clarity is hugely important, but no one wants to be beaten over the head with it. With that said, arrows pointing out small objects that aren't instantly recognizable. Those are 100% fair game. And yeah, most of this is kind of just graphic design 201. The thumbnail is there to entice you, draw the eye, but not mislead or add anything unnecessary. Just never hurts to have a refresher course. So the TLDR for our whole experiment boils down to a few key points. Number one. Our core audience doesn't seem to care that much about the In our first round of tests, the watch time share was pretty close to 50/50. So either we're so good at thumbnails that we can't make a bad one if we try, or more likely, our loyal subscribers know they want to watch LTT, and if they click the video, they're going to watch a decent amount of it, whether my mouth is open or closed or I'm happy or sad or deranged or whatever. Point number two. For those outside of our core audience, like the people being served our video on the YouTube home page, thanks to the almighty algorithm! Praise the algorithm! Praise the algorithm! For those folks, clarity is king. They don't want to gamble on whether they're gonna like what they're about to watch, and if they can't tell what's gonna happen, or if they get 10, 20 seconds into the video and they feel misled, the odds of them sticking around are pretty low. Point number 3. At the end of the day, it's all just packaging. It's important, but it's not that important. You can think of the thumbnail and title of a video kind of like a candy wrapper. I mean, it's one thing to get somebody to buy your chocolate bar because it has shiny packaging, but it is something else entirely to keep them coming back for more or recommending your candy to their friends. And of course, all of this needs to be taken as preliminary results. While this ABC thumbnail tester is good and we are going to continue to use it, it could be better, because currently it doesn't tell us some pretty important stuff. Like, it doesn't tell us if anyone was served either thumbnail and didn't click at all. It doesn't break the numbers down by subscriber versus new viewer, and it's limited to just three images. I mean, imagine how much more we could learn if we could upload, say, ten thumbnails at a time, or if we could manually choose a specific thumbnail or set of thumbnails for the core audience and then something totally different for new viewers. All of this is almost certainly in YouTube's best interest and I fully expect them to continue to develop this tool and I also fully expect that as creators continue to experiment, the small details are going to change even if the overall findings prove to be a constant, kind of like I constantly segue to our sponsor. Squarespace! It's 2024 and your brand or business needs online presence. Listen, I don't make the rules, we just play by them. Building your own website may seem daunting, but Squarespace is there to make it easier than figuring out just how come your printer never works when you want it to. Okay, maybe not the best example, but yeah, it's super easy. Squarespace is the easy to use platform to start selling or promoting anything and everything on the old interwebs. Local business? Portfolio? Blog? Squarespace has ready to use and easy to customize themes and templates for anything. They even look great on mobile devices. And if you already have a website, Squarespace makes it super simple to port your domain over and start using their customization and marketing tools to really stand out. They even have 24/7 support, which is better than just yelling at your website, "Why are you doing this to me?" So go get started on your webpage today and head over to squarespace.com/ltt for 10% off your first purchase. If you guys enjoyed this video make sure to check out the 2020 update of how does Linus Media Group make money? Really, we're through to that one. Interesting. Are we due for a new one?

  Top Comments:
  1. @P7ab [7 likes]: Doing my part to fight clickbait by never watching this channel
  2. @strangedays871 [1 likes]: What I've noticed is that people who act like children tend to do better on YouTube than actual adults. The mannerism of this presenter, the voice, and the expressions are all very childlike.
  3. @pieterrynovanstaden6526 [1 likes]: There was one time I saw a video and thought, yes I wanna watch that, and immediately below it was a video from a different channel that I wanted to watch first. I then decide watch the other video first, and come back to watch the linus video. Only for the Linus video to have a completely different thumbnail when I go to search for it, confusing the hell out of me...

I already wanted to watch the video, but YT is now gonna think I liked the second thumbnail better than the first, even when I didn't
  4. @sora2collection [1 likes]: It use to work, now everyone and their dog use the same OMG face_01, OMG face_02 and OMG face_03 for all their video thumbs.
  5. @oldmanonyoutube [1 likes]: I unsubscribed because of the awful thumbnails.
  6. @captainviggo4575 [1 likes]: Hate the current trend of forced expressions + AI "enhancements"…
When you're looking at the "Trending" page… my god, it's like seeing a study of people tripping on acid…
  7. @MorvranLive [1 likes]: I tend to go by the title far more than the thumbnail
  8. @EBPaanda [1 likes]: I started using a extension to remove all thumbnails and  if a title is click bait it gets replaced be a community suggested one. Now I'm way more relaxed bcs I don't get frustrated about click bait.
  9. @SylviadrawsX3: I would like to mention that the stats aren't entirely accurate because viewers of a techie channel like ltt would probably have extensions like DeArrow but I may be wrong.
  10. @Mattovey: Thumbnails are mostly just lies. I just see LTT video I haven't seen.... aaaand CLICK then enjoy
  11. @psps6623: 0:30 Did you test Not Touching Her?
  12. @RanisAthrys: And wait  for that obligatory "sponsor" interruption (here it's MSI).
  13. @ThePixel1983: At "or 10 thumbnails" I fully expected Maria to come in from the side with a water spray bottle... "BAD LINUS!" :D
  14. @Ghosti_UwU: oh that's interesting, i've been noticing thumbnails change, i didn't know that's why.
  15. @akajase: Id argue the data would be pretty invalid. More often than not id see one thumbnail and not have time to watch it, then come back to it later and see a different thumbnail. The thumbnail had nothing to do with me clicking and i suspect that would be the case for a portion of the numbers/clicks for every video
  16. @linkshadow2: 5:48 maybe it has something to do with being upset at a good thing not making sense but being upset at a bad thing makes people want to see why you are upset more? I also wonder if it has to do with showing a dollar amount and being upset. It could lean also into something more parasocial with people wanting to know why you're upset about something with so much money?
  17. @WhoCutTheCheese: I've always wondered why I keep seeing different thumbnails for the same videos in a short timespan. I keep thinking "oh they must've come up with a better one a day later" or something.
  18. @parmesanzero7678: I thumbs down videos with these and then make sure not to watch the video all the way through.
  19. @psfilmsbob: I love when the videos are sponsored by MSI, because I'm too cool for the second grade, and there's nothing you can do that I have not already done to myself.
  20. @MockingbirdXIV: Can confirm for most of the creators I watch regularly I don't even look at the thumbnail just the title.

- Why Youtubers Keep Making This Face: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿You go on Youtube, and the most trending&nbsp; videos all start to look eerily similar.&nbsp;&nbsp; Smiling profiles, mouths agape, scraggly beards&nbsp; and hairline recession. You see this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; meme of the Soy Face, but we’re gonna take it&nbsp; seriously and find out if there’s any truth to&nbsp;&nbsp; why these grown men pose like hyperactive&nbsp; toddlers. Wait, I think I just answered&nbsp;&nbsp; my own question, it’s to appeal to children,&nbsp; the most lucrative Youtube audience. Who else&nbsp;&nbsp; has 6 hours a day to binge watch all of your&nbsp; videos and get you that sweet ad revenue? &nbsp; So first let’s classify the diagnosis of the soy&nbsp; face. In case you can’t tell, this entire video&nbsp;&nbsp; is a joke, but not really a joke either. The Soy&nbsp; Face is an internet meme that has existed since I&nbsp;&nbsp; was a young lad.. It just went by different&nbsp; names, but the main link is that somewhere,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone made an incorrect link between Soy product&nbsp; consumption and declining Testosterone levels.&nbsp;&nbsp; While Soy does have isoflavones that have&nbsp; an estrogenic effect the effects in question&nbsp;&nbsp; are like shouting into the wind, weak. Most Meta&nbsp; Studies show that Soy has no significant effect&nbsp;&nbsp; on bioavailable Testosterone, which is what really&nbsp; matters, and meta studies are studies of studies&nbsp;&nbsp; so they’re about the highest quality&nbsp; of research you can get on a topic,&nbsp;&nbsp; so we’ll leave it there. Nonetheless, the theory&nbsp; goes that drinkers of Soy Products such as Soylent&nbsp;&nbsp; have lower Testosterone levels and thus&nbsp; participate in more effeminate, childlike or&nbsp;&nbsp; generally non-masculine behaviour. The Soy&nbsp; meme also has strong links to consumerism,&nbsp;&nbsp; but what I’m really trying to figure out with&nbsp; this video is why do they all look the same.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don’t mean to get political, but why do they all&nbsp; LOOK the same. I’ve yet to see a person of colour&nbsp;&nbsp; pulling the Soy face, and honestly, this is&nbsp; one place I do not want representation in. To answer this, let’s look at the silly mouth open&nbsp; expression these men pull for Youtube view. The&nbsp;&nbsp; closest comparison I can think of is male model&nbsp; Mario Adrion’s channel, where he has in the past&nbsp;&nbsp; pulled some exaggerated expressions to express his&nbsp; point. The difference between him doing it and him&nbsp;&nbsp; doing it is night and day in how we perceive&nbsp; the two faces. This is the most fascinating&nbsp;&nbsp; piece of research for me; Testosterone,&nbsp; Smiling and Facial Appearance. Two studies&nbsp;&nbsp; report less smiling in high than in low&nbsp; testosterone individuals. We associate&nbsp;&nbsp; this goofy smile with low testosterone and low&nbsp; testosterone with soy because psychologically we&nbsp;&nbsp; do not see masculine looking men smile as much.&nbsp; Mario isn’t the most masculine looking guy,&nbsp;&nbsp; he’s more of the pretty-boy androgenous type and&nbsp; he’s certainly comfortable with his sexuality,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he is far more masculine than this&nbsp; face just by virtue of being lean,&nbsp;&nbsp; young and having a full head of hair. Three of the&nbsp; biggest physiological indicators of testosterone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Obviously you all know that when you’re young you&nbsp; have higher testosterone than an older gentleman,&nbsp;&nbsp; you also all likely know that being high bodyfat&nbsp; has an estrogenic effect on your hormones,&nbsp;&nbsp; reducing your testosterone levels. As for&nbsp; hairloss, it’s a bit trickier, Testosterone turns&nbsp;&nbsp; into DihydroTestosterone which is what causes hair&nbsp; follicles to miniaturise. Saying a bald man has&nbsp;&nbsp; less testosterone is not physiologically true, but&nbsp; the reason for why we find balding unattractive&nbsp;&nbsp; is due to the ‘young father hypothesis,’ you&nbsp; can read the full writeup for it over at the&nbsp;&nbsp; QOVES website by Simon our biologist. Okay, so let’s recap, if this man pulls a&nbsp;&nbsp; silly face for views and this man does it,&nbsp; we take this as cute and playful and this as&nbsp;&nbsp; infuriating and annoying. A) Because of their&nbsp; differences in attractive male characteristics&nbsp;&nbsp; B) Because their expressions while similar&nbsp; are at different levels of over the top. The&nbsp;&nbsp; facial appearances of the two men give subtle&nbsp; indicators of testosterone and thus masculinity,&nbsp;&nbsp; strength and power. Whether they are true or not&nbsp; is irrelevant, it could be that he actually has&nbsp;&nbsp; a higher blood testosterone reading than&nbsp; this guy, but how we see them in that split&nbsp;&nbsp; second first impression, whether by social&nbsp; or biological condition is everything. The same paper on Testosterone and smiling also&nbsp; found that higher testosterone men smile less&nbsp;&nbsp; widely or with as much activation of the&nbsp; Orbicularis muscles or levitators so there&nbsp;&nbsp; could be a very real link to hormones and&nbsp; facial emotions. It doesn’t mean that higher&nbsp;&nbsp; Testosterone men smile less, they just smile&nbsp; as less openly or fully for whatever reason.&nbsp;&nbsp; Socially, we can interpret smiling as a vulnerable&nbsp; act, when you smile you are indicating that your&nbsp;&nbsp; guard is down. The russians have a proverb;&nbsp; Smiling with no reason is a sign of stupidity and&nbsp;&nbsp; I think this aptly sums up our feelings towards&nbsp; these thumbnails. The video is going to be silly,&nbsp;&nbsp; stupid, vapid, shallow. The thumbnail is meant&nbsp; to attract people who enjoy silly, stupid, vapid&nbsp;&nbsp; and shallow mainly kids, and it’s okay if&nbsp; you as an adult click on them too, everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; likes some fun content now and again, but the soy&nbsp; face is a deliberate marketing tool to indicate&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly what the video is going to be about.&nbsp; The hyperexpression is something that young&nbsp;&nbsp; children who are just learning to control their&nbsp; emotions can relate to. With respect, Michael from&nbsp;&nbsp; V sauce fits the look of many of these Soy Face&nbsp; enthusiasts, balding, bearded, white middle aged&nbsp;&nbsp; man, but since he’s an educational creator and a&nbsp; man with self-respect, it would be impossible for&nbsp;&nbsp; us to imagine him pulling a face like this to get&nbsp; views for a high production science video, it just&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn’t match the content. If I search Soy Face&nbsp; thumbnail the remaining results are all tutorials&nbsp;&nbsp; on how to make an effective thumbnail. I vaguely&nbsp; remember when I was starting off on Youtube,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it was Graham Stephen who said in his&nbsp; course on video making to show your face in the&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail with a goofy expression for clicks. The last question I want to figure out is why the&nbsp;&nbsp; men pulling these faces are mainly white. I’ve&nbsp; rarely seen people of colour do this. It could&nbsp;&nbsp; be cognitive bias that we’ve come to associate the&nbsp; Wojak soy meme with white, pasty looking men or it&nbsp;&nbsp; could be more cultural. Afterall, much like the&nbsp; Russian proverb many non Western cultures have&nbsp;&nbsp; strict emphasis on self-conduct and how society&nbsp; perceives you. It’s really only in the West and&nbsp;&nbsp; mainly America that the focus on self-freedom is&nbsp; so high, that you can say, act and do anything you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to and not care about how society sees you.&nbsp; The soy face is degrading quite simply put,to me,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s the lowest of the low in terms of clickbait&nbsp; choices, when you know your content is not good&nbsp;&nbsp; enough to sell on its own but you also&nbsp; degrade the intelligence of the audience&nbsp;&nbsp; needing goofy faces for them to watch. You become&nbsp; the court jester doing a little dance for the&nbsp;&nbsp; king to get your ad revenue. Perhaps because&nbsp; people of colour are minorities in the West,&nbsp;&nbsp; they do not want to have to perform these&nbsp; degrading acts with the fear that it makes their&nbsp;&nbsp; people look worse from an already disadvantaged&nbsp; position. It could be why the Soy-Face has a&nbsp;&nbsp; certain demographic of White men participating in&nbsp; it exclusively for jokes, views or for pragmatic&nbsp;&nbsp; reasons. It is in all sense, a marketing tool&nbsp; to evoke emotion, comments and engagement

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelcraig9449 [4 likes]: Soyboys look totally weak with the cuckface.  Like they want a dick in their mouth.  They are useless. Cant stand them.
  2. @christianjorgensen4621 [4 likes]: I have actually unsubscribed to channels when the youtubers started using images of themselves making stupid or exaggerated expressions in their thumbnails. It's so damn offputting.
  3. @brandonleeiacocca6640 [3 likes]: Only if parents monitored what their stupid kids are watching on YouTube...someone like Mr. Beast wouldn't be a multimillionaire....kids are just so stupid and shame on those that prey on that stupidity for gain
  4. @dr.migilitoloveless2385 [3 likes]: Too much estrogen
  5. @Master_of_Critique [2 likes]: I hate these thumbnails so much. And youtubers say "but I HAVE to do it or I won't get any views :(". So being a successful youtuber now means engaging in increasingly shameless and embarrassing behavior. It makes me lose respect for any youtuber who does this. If you have shame, find a different job because youtube isn't for you.
  6. @RyRiF [2 likes]: if you defend soy your a living cuck
  7. @Daxxx7791 [2 likes]: cringe thumbnails
  8. @GIBot2 [1 likes]: Unfortunately it has reached to the black community and I'm quite frankly sick of seeing it
  9. @generalkawasaki9485 [1 likes]: I am also so sick and tired of these gaping eggplant suck mouths, it has nothing to do with 'youtubers', look AVGN was one of the first here, on his channel all the thumbnails originally contained a frame of the video most of his face in it, but he didn't make fellatio face later on he replaced all his older thumbnails surprised face it didn't use to be that, I hate it too it is very sad times we live in. Also something I do not understand, why does everyone want to get recognized aren't faces subject to portrait rights or anything,what's going on here?
  10. @Riza20462 [1 likes]: many other races do it too
  11. @Nerdcrusher [1 likes]: Bitcoinjaks are the worst.
  12. @TheShakir98 [1 likes]: I dont think this is that deep. they all make these faces to attract younger audience's attention
  13. @derelictfields: I just don't like those thumbnails because I often see them on videos where someone is flexing a collection or new purchase.  And that's off-putting to me.
  14. @Cletesbadcall-x2w: You sound like you're whispering.
  15. @inc2000glw: 😮😮😮..../but his images/ ....have open mouths.
  16. @DB-by9ev: This really sucks. Harry Anderson always made that face, and he was so awesome.
  17. @helpimarock66: Anybody who makes that face in their thumbnail is a Bigger Whore than actual Prostitutes.
  18. @FlugegeheimenOperator: I call this face ‘attack of invisible man’ (you know what I mean) 😂
  19. @jaeho7501: I think males with mouths agape want wieners to be inserted to them -- not just through the mouth.
  20. @tsjoencinema: Soyface = more clicks. Fuck I hate them.

- YouTubers Re-Using the Same Face in Every Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay the video's done now I just need to add the thumbnail yo yo bro I'm just heading down in the gym I'll be gone for like 2 hours oh okay I'll probably just stay here the whole time all right you're working on a video or some oh by the way I haven't checked in a while how's your channel doing oh it's doing great you know I recently started using some new tactics to get more views on videos and it's been working ever since hey that's awesome right hey we're heading out to dinner in like 15 minutes you should probably get ready yeah yeah I will I'm just finishing this up all right cool what's the video about this time what isn't that the same face you used last week uh yeah yeah it is actually because you know one of those tricks I learned is to reuse familiar objects in nails so people are more likely to click I mean I guess but doesn't that also make you seem lazy lazy do you realize how much time it takes to take a new picture of my face also it doesn't matter all the viewers are NPCs anyway okay Grandpa it's time to get ready hey Grandpa Grandpa what's wrong no no please somebody El no what happen and and you'll be greatly missed by us all as for me I'll be taking a short break to spend more time with family thank you okay um we'll be heading to the funeral very soon I know I just I just need to add this stach man come on you don't need to do that now also if it's a serious video shouldn't you not have a why the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are you using the same face again why not we want more people to know about this so therefore we need more views yes I know that but you are smiling the video is about our grandpa yeah we just set up a new fence around the house hey what's up bro yo what's good man how you been your Channel's still up and running yeah surprisingly after 30 years it's still going um obviously I'm spending more time with my wife and kids though nice you started anything new there is no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop fighting it you can rest now brother no not yet I need to post my final video posting a video before saying goodbye to your family really yeah surprisingly after 30 years it's still going

  Top Comments:
  1. @UVAviationAndCars [1 likes]: richlev be like
  2. @NotLayla-n1s [1 likes]: I love his vids but this is sooooo Tyler Vitelli bro💔💔💔
  3. @awesomebro107productions [1 likes]: I just noticed Grant is using the same 😦 face on almost all of his recent videos' thumbnails.
  4. @v.anish28 [1 likes]: Windy31 and MrBeast
  5. @Mr.hand.lol.: Expertdeath lmaoo
  6. @Newsforthejobless: 7 Elevenz
  7. @iich.bin.sway.: Lizzo - Juice (Official Video)
  8. @manupanda8342: Dbs bgm
....😭😭😭
  9. @gokubhag_cr6892: Sambucha lol
  10. @ringofan101: 7 Elevenz
  11. @weatherreaport8286: I believe the only person that could get away with this are the YouTubers in the early 2000s.
  12. @RafaelCunniah: Litterallt socks
  13. @soakishere8534: Windy31
  14. @RomanBell-s8k: Average Kreekcraft thumbnail:
  15. @NOOBYTeacher: Mrbeast thumbnail:
  16. @NOOBYTeacher: Roblox thumbnail every bacon:
  17. @nassro12782: HateHilal:
  18. @sonnychicken: Who the hell is windy31? Care to explain.
  19. @ZionSegismundo: Friendly fire🥀 you're buns bozo
  20. @TailsYTOfficial2: InvaderWistLIVE

- Do YouTube Thumbnails WITH Faces get more views? Find out with TubeBuddy!: Kind: captions Language: en Here’s how YOU can improve your&nbsp; Title and Thumbnails to earn more&nbsp;&nbsp; clicks, and get more views in part 3 of&nbsp; our legend level click magnet tool series! (TubeBuddy Tips & Tricks) Hello TubeBuddies when it comes to YouTube&nbsp; you want your Video’s Thumbnail and title&nbsp;&nbsp; to COMPEL people to click. With Element&nbsp; inspector we help you know things like&nbsp;&nbsp; Do videos with or without faces do better,&nbsp; which words in your title earn more clicks,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how you can USE that info to&nbsp; improve your Titles and Thumbnails. This is PART 3 of our series to see the other&nbsp; parts, check out that playlist on screen! Let’s see how to improve your&nbsp; thumbnails on YouTube together! In Click Magnet select the blue get&nbsp; started button here. Once it loads,&nbsp;&nbsp; You’ll see Element Inspector, and&nbsp; a description of what it does here.&nbsp;&nbsp; Discover which elements of your video&nbsp; packaging are actually driving clicks! [After the get started loads, but&nbsp; before showing element inspector do&nbsp;&nbsp; this Picture in Picture, then fade&nbsp; out to reveal element inspector] Tubebuddy breaks down your title and thumbnails&nbsp; to let you know what is positively affecting your&nbsp;&nbsp; channel. So you can know what is working&nbsp; better for YOUR specific YouTube channel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let’s start by looking at Thumbnail Faces. Thumbnail faces let you know three different&nbsp; things. First do thumbnails for YOUR channel&nbsp;&nbsp; do better with a face in them or without a&nbsp; face. Second, which emotions if a face is&nbsp;&nbsp; present on your thumbnail do best, and&nbsp; finally what size face does the best? The text section let’s you know if thumbnails&nbsp; with text or no text do better, and then we&nbsp;&nbsp; analyze your titles to see if there are certain&nbsp; words that, when added, help you win more clicks. (Full screen NOT picture in picture) It’s important to note that for this part we&nbsp; are using Amazon IMage Rekognition software&nbsp;&nbsp; and it’s not 100% accurate, and click magnet is&nbsp; STILL in beta and some things might be wrong. We URGE you in click magnet here&nbsp; (Picture in picture again) if you notice&nbsp;&nbsp; anything wrong please submit feedback.&nbsp; If this isn’t there in the future&nbsp;&nbsp; a link will be in the description&nbsp; on where to submit issues! However,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s focus on what WE can do to make our&nbsp; content better starting with face vs no face. This section like all of our sections in&nbsp; Element inspector are based on the last 50&nbsp;&nbsp; videos on your channel! This is to help give you&nbsp; as recent and relevant information as possible.&nbsp;&nbsp; We want to make sure what you’re doing to improve&nbsp; thumbnails is based on recent performance. Also make sure to read this section here on all&nbsp; information for the section. For face vs no face. The general rule of thumb and YES pun intended&nbsp; is that bringing the human element of a face,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with emotion, will drive more&nbsp; clicks to your videos. (Picture in picture) We also have a breakdown here which will&nbsp; let you know how your channel performed.&nbsp;&nbsp; SInce our channel only has thumbnails with&nbsp; faces on them. We might want to test again&nbsp;&nbsp; if thumbnails without faces can do better. We can&nbsp; do that with another TubeBuddy LEGEND level tool&nbsp;&nbsp; A/B testing which can be found right here. For the sake of example, we'll show you a version&nbsp; of thumbnails with faces, and some without faces! The next section gives you more data&nbsp; about the faces in your videos thumbnail.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let’s look at emotions. This gives&nbsp; you an idea which emotion when shown&nbsp;&nbsp; in your videos thumbnails gets you more clicks. For us at TubeBuddy calm faces seem to give&nbsp; us more clicks as you can see here. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; if we hover over the chart we can see the&nbsp; data shows more info like this only has 4&nbsp;&nbsp; video thumbnails to go off of. It also shows how&nbsp; many clicks and impressions they get is higher.&nbsp;&nbsp; Compared to happy which has 35 video thumbnails&nbsp; and way more data. Be sure to read the charts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and again maybe consider&nbsp; A/B testing your thumbnails. Every audience will react to a&nbsp; new emotion differently. In fact&nbsp;&nbsp; here is my own PERSONAL YouTube channel and you&nbsp; can see there they prefer when I look happy in&nbsp;&nbsp; the video thumbnail! More examples are if&nbsp; a tech channel seems angry at a product,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might earn more views than if they seem happy.&nbsp; If a makeup YouTuber looks happy and wears that&nbsp;&nbsp; product it might earn more views because she&nbsp; seems happy about the product. Be sure to&nbsp;&nbsp; REALLY take in the emotions in your thumbnails&nbsp; into consideration for YOUR YouTube content. Finally for Faces, is face sizes. This let’s&nbsp; you know if you do have a face in the thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe don’t feature it front and&nbsp; center because it might do better. IT’s nothing personal, remember WE’RE JUST READING&nbsp; DATA… I mean if you look at my own data here&nbsp;&nbsp; people prefer when I’m far away so…? Sometimes&nbsp; data doesn’t care about our feelings. As we say on the right hand side&nbsp; here: types of channels be it cooking,&nbsp;&nbsp; tech, gaming, etc. may do better&nbsp; focusing on the subject of the video.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whereas other types of content, be it vlogging,&nbsp; family, lifestyle, etc. rely on the personal&nbsp;&nbsp; connection and those large faces can help earn&nbsp; more clicks because the audience is familiar&nbsp;&nbsp; with them. [This whole section as I bring up a&nbsp; new type of content have B-Roll that fits with it] The final areas let you know similar to face or&nbsp; no face if having text in your thumbnail does&nbsp;&nbsp; or doesn’t do better, and then my personal&nbsp; favorite is letting you know which words on&nbsp;&nbsp; AVERAGE when included in your&nbsp; video titles earn more clicks. For us the words “Earn More Views” on average&nbsp; tend to get more clicks which matters because&nbsp;&nbsp; clicks turn into views, and VIEWS turn into&nbsp; watchtime which is what YouTube Cares about!&nbsp;&nbsp; Let us know! What three words drive&nbsp; the most clicks for YOUR channel! LIke we showed earlier you can hover over&nbsp; and word to learn more information on it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep in mind that it’s a combination&nbsp; of thumbnail AND title that determine&nbsp;&nbsp; the click through rate. Try when A/B&nbsp; testing using a combination of the two! Element inspectors can help you make better&nbsp; thumbnails using the data we collected here!&nbsp;&nbsp; See what’s been working, and compare it&nbsp; with all other parts in click magnet!&nbsp;&nbsp; Want a TubeBuddy Free Trial to try this&nbsp; tool out? Click that video on screen! I’m Andrew Kan from TubeBuddy now go out&nbsp; and find out what works better for you!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [8 likes]: Do YOUR Thumbnails have faces or no faces in them? What does your data say? We want to know! Want to catchup on the whole series? Check out this playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLpzjxyndddwLokWrw2jqcBw_A36z9Lq-G
  2. @IzzyOnTheMove [2 likes]: In my latest vlog there was just too much going on & i couldn't pick a scene so didn't put my face on thumbnail. And it's not getting views. Gonna change it.
  3. @slashedbeauty [1 likes]: Thanks for the shout out, and I’m actually super interested to see what this feature would tell me... may be time to upgrade my membership 😋 especially with the facial expressions and the specific word data.
  4. @kropel: who is this FAS guy?
  5. @kennonfleisher: No faces. It's cringe. Not necessarily needed if the thumbnail still has some kind of great image or shock text like "MAKE $1000 PER DAY!" you're probably going to click that even if it doesn't have someone's face.
  6. @MrElectorium: 10k subs, guess not :skull:
  7. @j.j.k2073: But man o man I hate the fake expressions on Youtube thumbnails.
  8. @az21an1: Please put tool to make YouTube Shorts Custom thumbnail.
I need  thumbnail YouTube Shorts because all my videos are shorts 
Also YouTube Shorts is the feature
  9. @armylapandozographic4622: Wow....If Tumbnail only presents an image, then what?
  10. @gibsonagg: I personally find people pulling dumb faces on their youtube video thumbnails really annoying, each to their own I guess
  11. @lifewithwaraybisaya9326: Thank you sir I will try to use my face more lol 
Love from Japan❤️
  12. @prizebondlottery-i7g: super hettttttttt
  13. @grindgame: Good video. I think CM would be a valuable asset to both Pro and Starter packages, where you're content creators are just starting and would benefit from this early on. Thoughts?
  14. @philcantv6011: Incredible information great
  15. @Travelfluent: Very informative 👏👍
  16. @FinancialHawks: Great info! #NoFaceNoCase lol jk
  17. @EstherVeganaMadrid: Thank You
  18. @dorineskitchen: HI TUBEBUDDY please help me here I wanted to upgrade my license to pro but when I added  my card it say decline help me please
  19. @sleepnanny: Faces do get clicks!!
  20. @Afropenzi: Thank you

- The New Thumbnails Dominating YouTube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So today I've got something quite important that I need to show you. 2.1 million views, 3.3 million views in 6 months. And this one, 2.9 million views, and it's only been up for 3 weeks. If you're stuck wondering why your small channel isn't getting any views, even though you swear you've done everything right, I've got some bad news for you. You might be making 2024 style thumbnails in a 2026 YouTube feed. Yeah, the rules have changed and have changed that fast. So, our team has spent the last few weeks researching what viewers actually click on right now on YouTube. And we found 11 styles that are absolutely dominating. So, by the end of this video, you'll know exactly what to test next, what works in your niche, and how to do it. So, let's start with the biggest shifts. All right. So, the first thing I want you to do is bring up the YouTube homepage right now. And don't worry, I can wait a few seconds. All right. Now that you've done that, tell me what you see. Most likely arrows, circles, huge, big fonts, big bright colors. Everybody basically right now is yelling to try and get your attention. And it's overwhelming, isn't it? And then out of all of that chaos, an oasis appears. Plain white background, one object, nothing else, and your eye is drawn straight towards it. This is neomminimalism and it works because it acts as a visual rest stop that draws your eyes towards it. When over 90% of thumbnails look the same way on YouTube, when something new and different comes along, it's disruptive. So, if you want to style this one out yourself, here's what you need to do. You want to keep to one subject and you want to make at least 50% of the thumbnail completely clear. It's what we call negative space. two colors maximum and stick to clear, easy readable fonts if you even use it. And either go with a pure white background or muted monochromatic colors. High contrast is really your friend in this one. This very style of thumbnail is probably what made you click on this video because we've been testing it out here at Vid IQ for a couple of months and the results, well, they speak for themselves. They've been quite encouraging. I've been saying this for years at this point, but when it comes to thumbnails, you want to make them half as complicated as they currently are. and less in this case is very much more in winning a click. However, there is an important caveat here and this will extend to all of the thumbnail strategies we're talking about today. They are going to have a certain amount of shelf life. Right now, this neo minimalism style thumbnail works because it's different. But in 6 months time when everybody is copying it, it's going to be less effective. Obviously, like videos themselves, trends go up and down as attention shifts. Now, this is why it's always a good idea to get an overview of the YouTube thumbnail landscape before you actually publish your video on the platform. To help you do that, Vid IQ is a very handy thumbnail preview tool to test how your minimal design might actually look in the feed surrounded by all those other thumbnails. And that's because context matters. What looks good in isolation might not stand out in the real YouTube world. All right. So, neo minimalism is all about stripping everything down to its core. But what if you need to show scope? That is where the surround style comes into play. Yeah. How amazing does all of this look when comparing free editing software or trying seven new hobbies or testing 10 new products? Your eyes naturally go to their face first and then explore everything around them. This style of thumbnail captures your attention immediately, but then demands a few extra seconds as you look around the image and you become more and more invested in it. So, here is how to make all of this work for you. Put yourself or the main object dead center in the thumbnail. And then organize your products, your objects, your elements in an organized circle or grid around that central point of focus. And the key word there is organized. Because while there may end up being a chaotic number of objects on screen, it is controlled chaos. The mistake people often make with these styles of thumbnails is making them just a little too cluttered. If I, as a viewer, can't identify those objects at thumbnail size, then you as a creator have lost the effect. This style of thumbnail works particularly well for product comparisons or I tried every X type of content, testing videos, collection showcases, basically anything where the quantity or variety is part of a value proposition of a video. So you can see it here working in literally every single type of niche. And we do have another little tool here that can help you delve deeper into thumbnail research. With the Vid IQ browser extension installed on any video watch page, just click see more thumbnails and we'll pull out more images that match the style or have a similar look from within the same topic that have performed well. There's a link in the description if you want to start using that and the thumbnail preview tool right now. But what if you're not comparing things and instead you're ranking things? Well, that brings us on to our next thumbnail style. Okay, this next style of thumbnail is fascinating because it does something relatively new which is rare in the YouTube thumbnail space and it's really specific to color psychology. Now, this rainbow style of thumbnail works because your brain sees a full spectrum of color and associates it with completeness. But here is what creators have done to make this even more effective. Rather than it just being an aesthetic of the thumbnail, they've turned the colors into a ranking system. Now, people love frameworks. They love to be able to rank things in different categories. Which level should this thing be at? Do I agree with where the creator leveled this thing? It is encouraging engagement. And some may argue engagement bait if the creator is intentionally being controversial with their choices. This thumbnail style originated in the gaming niche with character rankings and tier lists, that sort of thing. But now we're starting to see it everywhere, ranking AI tools, movies, even YouTube creators themselves. It's even kind of jumped its own shark by ranking ranking systems, if you can figure that one out. So, let's think about how we can execute this thumbnail style for your channel. You'll need three, five, or ideally seven different topics to talk about in your video. And then you'll want to apply a color gradient. Red through blue works best because it's intuitive. Then you'll want to add some numbers to reinforce the hierarchy of the rankings and try and keep the base images consistent throughout. And you want to do that because what's going to differentiate these images is the colors. Now, a fair warning for you all at this point, this style of thumbnail may attract controversy in your video. When you're ranking people and putting things in tier list, you are intentionally saying that one thing is better than the other or something else is worse than all of the rest. And that is going to garner opinion from your community. And my guess is for that style of content, that is exactly what you want as a creator. Now, you'll be pleased to hear that there are more new thumbnail strategies in the rest of this video. But before we jump onto them, let's go onto some tried and tested ones, shall we? All right, then. First up in the thumbnails still work category, whiteboards. Handdrawn diagrams and frameworks etched out on actual whiteboards. And yes, this is a thumbnail that's almost as old as a platform itself, but they have stood the test of time. Look at these thumbnails. Every business type, how to make your first video made by yours truly. But beyond just how good I'm looking and how intelligent I am because I've got a whiteboard, here's the psychology behind them. When your brain sees a whiteboard in a thumbnail, it immediately categorizes it as highly educational content. You're not getting fluff, you're getting value. You're not getting a theory, you're getting a system that actually works. So, if you've got a system, show the system on that whiteboard. Just make sure that whatever is on that whiteboard raises curiosity, even if it doesn't make complete sense in the thumbnail. The beauty of this thumbnail style, a little bit like the minimalism one we showed you earlier, is that it works against thumbnail fatigue. When everybody else is using Photoshop to create something fancy or generating images that have that AI veneer, it's refreshing to whip out a whiteboard and some markers and do some doodling. whiteboard style thumbnails can have that magical quality that we call authenticity. And even to this day, we still see this thumbnail style crushing it in all sorts of niches. And if you want a few different examples of how this whiteboard or diary style entry works, check out Ali Abdal's channel. He's got tons of them there. And this is one of those rare circumstances in a thumbnail where the stuff on the whiteboard can be so chaotic that you can't fully take it in. What you're trying to emphasize here in the thumbnail is the value and the vibe, not necessarily the complete solution. And with this tried and tested thumbnail formula, the viewer has seen so many of them at this point that they understand the assignment. All right, that is whiteboard style thumbnails out of the way. Let's talk about another classic thumbnail style that still gets a lot of traction. We've got Twitter posts, Reddit comments, Instagram question stickers, Yelp reviews, but it's also Amazon listings, hotel booking pages, app store cards, price tags, certification badges. Basically, anything that looks like a familiar interface or a well-known brand. If we look at Alex Horos's thumbnail here, we've got the verification check mark, clean text. It looks quite familiar, right? And then there's a similar one from us and it kind of reminds you of social media, maybe Twitter when it was good. Seriously though, and this is a somewhat uncomfortable truth, our brain may trust a recognizable interface from a questionable brand more than a small creator's thumbnail on YouTube. When it looks like a tweet, it feels like it's been shared. And when it looks like a verified profile, it feels credible. Nothing necessarily about the information has changed, but the framing has changed. And framing changes perspective. In effect, you've borrowed the credibility of the interface. You're not just simply saying something, you're implying that the internet itself has already validated it. That is very powerful and also incredibly scary at the same time. So, if you do want to try adopting this thumbnail strategy, implement these three key techniques. match the UI interface you want to invoke as closely as possible. We're talking about the spacing, the fonts, the colors, and then add those recognizable elements, the logos, the check marks, the platform cues. And finally, use curiositydriven or controversial lines in your text. And as always with thumbnails, simplify them so they're straightforward and blunt. This is going to amplify the tension of the format that you use. Now, yes, I will agree that this style has been around for years and it still works. We should also tell you something important about the landscape of YouTube thumbnails. While trends do evolve, psychology remains fairly stable. All right, we've got one more classic to take a look at. Let's talk about text, baby. Let's talk about you and me. Let's talk about all the words, all the letters that may be. On a slightly more serious note, text on thumbnails has experienced somewhat of a glow up recently. For literally decades, text was seen as purely functional. But in recent years, we've started to see stuff like this. Three words, big, bold, direct. It's not messy. It doesn't have 12 arrows and five fonts on it. It was elevated, minimal, aesthetic. Text was no longer seen as functional. It was treated as design, and it still works today. But this year, text is becoming cinematic. Take a look at these examples. Have you noticed something? This text seems to live inside the scene. It's no longer at the top or the bottom of the frame in the corners to one side, so it doesn't interfere with the main subject. What it's doing now is sharing the same territory as the main subject of a thumbnail. This is where the predominant action happens in a thumbnail, and creators are intentionally taking advantage of that with text. And that color shift matters, too. That yellow feels modern, high contrast, really pops on a mobile device. But it also screams Gen Z energy. It's like a short film title card, not a YouTube thumbnail. And that is where the main difference lies. Last year's version was big headline, clear message, strong. The 2026 version is cinematic composition first, then text that feels embedded into the world itself. It actually interacts with the lighting of the image. It respects negative space. It feels very organic and very intentional. And here's why this works. In this environment, the YouTube thumbnails used to feel like ads and now they feel like stills from a Netflix television series. In this day and age, viewers are trained by streaming platforms. When they see cinematic framing, they see quality. So, when you combine that with the three words of tension, you get curiosity. But here is the important rule. If you're doing three-word bold punch text, really own it. Center it, make it dominant, keep it clean. But if on the other hand, you're going cinematic YouTube thumbnail 2.0, compose your shot first, then find a natural place and playfully place those words where they belong. And remember, three words, maybe four. All right, so we've seen text evolve from functional to minimal to cinematic. Now, let's talk about something that does the complete opposite and still wins. This next style is a little unsettling, and that's the point. Warped faces. Look at this thumbnail. Three faces of the same person. Or this one, two faces merged together, somewhat ghostly, double exposure. Your brain on seeing these thumbnails says to itself, "Hang on, there's something not quite right here." And that pause, that hesitation, that's the click. This style works because it's what's known as a pattern interrupt. You hit this and it stands out because it looks broken, glitchy, something is just off. And that is essentially why it works. That split second of confusion, that is a curiosity gap that your mind needs to resolve. Now then, this isn't just random distortion for the sake of visual intrigue. This warping usually reflects the tone and theme of the video itself. identity crisis, realization, duality, heavy topics, psychological stuff. And just look at these views. Huge outliers for the respective channels. However, as with all of these thumbnail strategies, we do have a little bit of a warning. This style has a certain tone. If, for example, you're making feel-good content about productivity hacks, then warp faces probably isn't the vibe you're looking for. I'd say this style is best used for self-improvement, commentary, harsh truth. essentially anything where the premise feels slightly uncomfortable. And you don't need much text, if any at all, in these thumbnails because that warped face is going to be doing a lot of the talking for you. But if you are going to do this, it has to look very, very intentional. So again, we're thinking about a clean blend, strong lighting, and because this style of thumbnail is very new on the platform, it stands out. All right, I think it's time for another thumbnail gear shift, and we'll cram as much stuff as we can into the image. Welcome everybody to the maximalist style, otherwise known as I own literally everything in this category. Here's my flex thumbnail. So, if you look at these, we've got SNES, cartridges, gameboys, controllers, all playfully placed around a center product. Every single item perfectly arranged. And that's the key. It does look chaotic, but it is in actuality extremely controlled. And that means it's visually satisfying to look at. This is a difference between the surrounded style thumbnails that we talked about at the very beginning of this video. With the surrounded style, the middle point of a thumbnail is a star with everything orbiting around it. But with maximalist thumbnails, the collection is the star. If you yourself are dead center in a thumbnail, you're actually secondary, if you're even in the thumbnail at all. This works because it appeals to a very specific part of your brain. That's the part of the brain that likes collecting things, organizing things, completing things. We've already talked about credibility. Well, this is visual credibility before you've even clicked. Now, I'd say this content is best for collector, community, hobbyist content. Tech and gaming, product comparisons, makeup, tools, fashion. Basically, anybody who wants to signal in their thumbnail. I have the complete set and I'm going to show you in this video. And now, I think we should transition from this organized chaos to a thumbnail adjacent style. As you can see, there's still a lot in the thumbnail, but this is more like a grid or an encyclopedia aesthetic. Every major religion explained, every political ideology explained, every human extinction cause explained, every generation explained, all of mathematics explained. It's the same structure every single time. And yeah, this particular video is asking the right question. Why is this everywhere all of a sudden? Well, other than the fact that these types of videos are landing hundreds of thousands of views for their creators every single time, it's another one of those brain things, and our brains love classifications. When you see all of these circles and squares lined out in a grid, you start to think to yourself, "Ah, this creator has done all of the hard work for me and organize this complex topic into something that they can explain in a single video." A good way of describing this is turning a Wikipedia page into a thumbnail for a video. I want you, the video, to explain everything to me in 10 minutes. Now, let's identify all of the design choices in these thumbnails so you get it right when you're making your own. They've got a flat illustration style with a consistent icon shape. Each circle is a high contrast, and you want to label each of these icons with one or two words, and make sure they're readable, even at a small size in a thumbnail. The background color itself is usually neutral, white, black, a solid color. The important thing is that you don't want that competing with the grid, which is the focal point. There's no shadows or dramatic lighting, no cinematic mood. This isn't supposed to be emotional. It's supposed to be informative, but it does have an aesthetic that is approachable and non-threatening. Even heavy topics in this category feel safe when the thumbnail is reduced to colorful, simple icons. And that is not accidental. All right, folks. Little disclaimer. Word of warning as we approach thumbnail strategy number 10. Some of these images are going to trigger you in a clickbaity way. I've been seeing these everywhere as I have done for many years, but they're just getting more and more I like to call candid fake. He snuck onto someone's private island whereas he built a hoveruit that apparently flies inches off the ground. And he's filming a movie in a swimming pool on a cruise. And as for her, she's camping on the Great Wall of China. So, here's the thing about these thumbnails. Some of this stuff probably kind of happened, but most of the stuff in those thumbnails definitely didn't happen. But it feels like it did. But it didn't. But it did. And that is the what you would call evolution of this style of thumbnail. We used to have quote unquote hyperreal thumbnails. oversharpened, oversaturated Mr. Beast Mega Smiles. But now that era is coming towards an end, perhaps because Mr. Beast made it so popular in the first place. It's been done to death at this point. Now it's more one engineered image that looks candid. It could be real. This looks a little bit more like you just happen to capture it in the moment. Even if it did require heavy photoshopping, even if it did require AI, even if the moment never existed in real life, this definitely for the target audience is believable fiction. And it's very powerful because it tells the entire story in a single frame. So, just look at what the thumbnail has managed to show you. Multiple story arcs in a single frame. You wouldn't really be able to capture this angle in real life, but they make it appear as if they have. It's not too AI that it puts you off, and it's not too polished that it makes it look fake. It is right in that sweet spot where the brain says to itself, "This looks fun. I want to see what's going on." For, and I must stress this, the intended target audience. And here is the biggest shift in this thumbnail style. It's the death of the classic accessories. No text, no arrows, no red circles. Instead, you're taking a photo and decorating it with graphics. You're creating a photo that should exist for your concepts. In other words, the perfect frame. I'd say this, it is the new standard for challenge creators, travel creators, lifestyle creators. What it's doing is replacing the over-the-top hyper realism for something that feels just a little bit more authentic, even though it is still just effectively a fake thumbnail. So, if you are going to go down this route, you probably do need some AI assistance. and be quite handy at a program like Photoshop. But the key here is restraint. You know how far you can go, but you don't go all the way to the edge. Make it look like you could have taken this photo if physics and geometry were just a little bit more cooperative. All right. From candid fakes to something a lot more simpler. So everything else in your feed is screaming colors, detail, energy. And then you hit a thumbnail like this. quiet, dark, serious, direct eye contact. It is what you might call the anti thumbnail. And in a weird way, it becomes the brightest image on the page because of how different it looks. And this type of thumbnail is also really powerful because of the way it's packaged. It makes things incredibly simple for the viewer because it removes risk. This video isn't asking for 10 minutes of your time. It's asking for a single minute. So, while it feels harmless, it's actually a massive commitment hook. And Dan Martell has been running this one really hard. 59 seconds, 58 seconds, 54 seconds. But each of them has millions of views with the same structure, the same dark background, the same serious face. As a result, other creators are taking this style and playing with it. Some creators are softening the image and using less aggressive fonts, or plain and simple, they're just having more fun with the subject. They're being more inviting with their pitch and yet these videos are still getting the same massive outlier scores. So, how do you execute on this style of thumbnail? Let's start with muted backgrounds and minimal colors. You want to keep the subject centered and simple text with a very specific time constraint. And let's not go for something exact. Let's make it a little irritating. Why 59 seconds? Now, I need to watch. We've looked at a lot of different thumbnails today, but the real takeaway is this. They don't work because they're pretty. They often work because they are patterns that can feel new and fresh in your niche. And that is perhaps the bigger game we are playing in 2026. Creators are winning a race by reinventing the thumbnail wheel. They're borrowing proven visual systems from other niches and then they're adapting them to fit their needs. That is the niche bending we talked about earlier. So, if you do want to know how to systematically borrow and adapt a format that works in a particular market and apply it to your niche without looking like a copycat, this is the next video for you. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [52 likes]: Which thumbnail style are you going to try next?
  2. @WomenGlow2 [1 likes]: thanks that helps
  3. @s.bowes.8124 [1 likes]: The moment I see a thumbnail using a generic formula (even a newer formula), I don't want to click it because I'll assume the content is also using a generic formula.

The bottom line is if you want to stand out from the very noisy crowd, dare to be different. If you act like a sheep, you'll blend in with the sheep.
  4. @Intr0v3rtedF1tne55Dad: Just notes for myself:
3:12 - (Surround style) for product comparison, i tried everything X, collection, testing products
4:56 - (Ranking)
7:10 - (Whiteboard) for educational
8:59 - (Brand) 
11:07 - (Text)
13:37 - (Warped faces) psychological, self-improvement, harsh truth, commentary
15:24 - (maximalist) product comparison, hobbyists 
16:52 - (everything explained)
18:43 - (candid fake) for travel, lifestyle, challenge
21:40 - (Anti-thumbnail)
  5. @RagdyAndy: those shittty fake ai fake truth thumbnails wil get a click and distliek and no watch at all!!!!
  6. @Spectrus_0: Appeal by noise not from its message.
  7. @Intr0v3rtedF1tne55Dad: Very informative video. All i can say is,  MORE MORE MORE! Keep us up-to-date on all these thumbnail trends. It definitely got me inspired. Creating thumbnails is an art and an aspect of content creation that really needs attention and studying. It's just frustrating how I put all this time into the content but no one clicks.

Couple questions:
1. Do you use a teleprompter because your speaking points were on point?
2. Do you think it's worth it to get the paid version of Canva? Let's say, if I had to choose between paying for Epidemic Sounds or Canva.
  8. @ዩኒክአካዳሚUniq: ጥሩ እውቀት ሰጥተከኛል ከልብ ነው የማመሰግነው
  9. @JaeBoogieBoogs: I’m drowning my CTR is terribly low thumbnails are my weak point… I can’t knock YouTube. They are trying to push the video, but nobody’s clicking. Ahhhhhh frustrating. Hopefully this video can help tweak something in my brain.
  10. @SnowyVixen990: I would love to try making a thumbnail that would help me
  11. @petramargrit-o5j: Oh wow, now as I just got the thumbnails, these are totally out of the order - now I have to go for it, otherwise it will become chaotic :face-blue-wide-eyes:
  12. @gaimingtime2023: When will YouTube let us add thumbnails to Shorts from a computer? Not just from a phone, and in every country—because the mobile app only supports this feature in certain countries. Do I not live in the right country?
  13. @Zodimate: My family is a fan of pineapple pizza, we always eat it
  14. @AtulSalunke-q8x: Best best insane information
  15. @christineelder-9193: Kara and Nate DID indeed do these cool things in China, just sayin'
  16. @Madskillsuniversity: 3 words...Great video VidIQ.  LOL
  17. @nathaliefiset5734: Fascinating video. Very well explained!
  18. @reinaldogomes8666: Why no thumb styles for stories? :(
  19. @gaowendy723: I actually can't get the style of Style 10. I notice a lot of big YouTubers are using it, but to me it still looks obviously fake at first glance and is full of gimmicky, weird vibes. So is this mainly for people who love watching weird, exotic travel content?
  20. @madgoatDOTcom: If I wanted to clone myself I would start with a better human rather than a better ai model ;)

- I tried YouTube A/B Thumbnail Testing in 8 videos and found BIG problems: Kind: captions Language: en hello hello hello hope you're doing well all right YouTube thumbnail testing or AB testing as some would call it it has been out now for a couple of months and I have had the chance to do some testing in eight of my videos and my honest opinion here is it is good at least initially until I realized that it's horrible the way YouTube implemented this let me start by asking you a simple question what exactly is thumbnail testing to you it is basically comparing two or three thumbnails than checking to see which one has a higher click through itate am I right that was my initial thought and I instinctively think that that is what it is for so when I did my testing I looked at test results see which has the higher percentage then select that as the winner that is how the feature is meant to help I give YouTube Three thumbnails they test it out for me by swapping at random times then run the test for me if you have been using Tu buddies AB thumbnail test that is how it works as well in fact that is what anyone with common sense would think when we say AB testing ask any U iux designer and they will tell you that too but YouTube for whatever reason decided that the thumbnail should measure watch duration instead of Click through rate I mean why how on Earth can a thumbnail decide someone's watch duration so this is what YouTube has to say how is the winning thumbnail selected the winning thumbnail is selected based on the highest share of a video's watch time but why is watchtime share used great thumbnails don't just get viewers to click they also help viewers understand what the video is about so that they can make informed decision of what to watch all right fair enough by selecting based on watchtime share the winning thumbnail is the one that gets viewers to both click and stay to watch now that doesn't make any sense at all people click on a video because the thumbnail or the title made them curious but what makes them stay to watch the video is about the presentation the flow of the video the storytelling the engagement so what I'm seeing here is even if there's a channel out there who is in the same niche as I am who creates similar thumbnails as me who has the same type of information in our videos we may get the same click-through rate but that does not mean we will get the same watch through ation I'll show you imagine if I'm sharing a tip to making more money on YouTube so yeah guys today I made $100 on YouTube and what I did is to make sure I create my video then I upload it and then I share it on other social media platforms and when my video gains Traction in other social media platforms they ended up clicking on my chat link and watching my video on YouTube then getting me more views so I made $100 like that extremely dull not much hand gestures no soul no expression whatsoever now compare that to this so today I made $100 on YouTube and I cannot believe what I did actually works what I did is to make sure I create my video then upload that video to YouTube and then I share it to other social media platforms these social media platforms will then get views on their own attracts new audiences for me and get those who are interested to watch my YouTube video via the link I shared and when my video gain Traction in other social media platforms they ended up clicking on my shared link and watching my video on YouTube than getting me more views on YouTube and increasing my revenue for that video it is as simple as that I didn't believe that would work and I hope you can try this out and see the traction as well same message but the watch time varies depending on the delivery right so I honestly don't think YouTube got this right at all the thumbnail has got nothing to do with watch duration even if the Creator nailed the thumbnail and delivered the promised value but YouTube did not end their explanation there they have more to say they state that additionally YouTube's search and Discovery systems consider both when ranking videos choosing thumbnails based on watchtime share will benefit both you and your viewers the way I read that sentence it is just covering up something they don't understand I feel like the team who came up with this feature needs to be content creator themselves hence I don't buy what they say it isn't benefiting me nor my viewers because the metrics are unrelated having said that I do find one very interesting fact about this and that is how YouTube does rank our video this is something that I have had suspicion on for years that's I think that some videos are ranked much like the Google algorithm and I strongly believe that big channels that have created one or more successful videos their channels are ranked secretly so say if I were to create a video of the same topic as Nate black then my video will not get as much impression as his because his channel is ranked higher than mine and therefore the videos he creates will have the advantage of getting ranked higher of course this is just my specul but that particular sentence from YouTube about ranking videos it kind of tells me that it does exist and is hidden from us anyways that's what I found from YouTube thumbnail testing and set to say I didn't even notice it until recently but not only that another big problem with YouTube thumbnail testing is it doesn't benefit small channels in order to have thumbnail testing perform efficiently you actually need a big sample siiz data for example most of my thumbnail testing takes at least two weeks to conclude and often it ends with no conclusion so that's a big waste of time but that's because my sample size is small meaning my videos aren't getting enough impressions for YouTube to do substantial thumbnail testing and who is responsible for giving me more impressions YouTube of course and here's the thing if you're a small Channel and you don't get as many Impressions because your channel isn't ranked yet then this whole thumbnail testing is useless to you your sample size is just too small to make any proper conclusion which is very counterintuitive because I thought thumbnail testing is for small channels but turns out it is really for the big players again I know shocking right I don't know why but when I first heard about thumbnail testing from YouTube from the big content creators out there who got invited to test this feature like Mr Beast I was given the impression that they are to measure click rate and when I look back at what Mr Beast posted when he first started testing this I think even he got confused about what YouTube's AB thumbnail testing is all about the post he made on Twitter or X or whatever he is clearly talking about click through rate and not watch share look that being said I do still use it these days for every video I launch I create three thumbnail versions and I upload them for testing this three thumbnails contain very subtle changes like font color or face expression but that's about it then I will test it out and 99% of the time I will get almost equal percentages which means it doesn't matter which thumbnail I pick they all give similar results there is one time where YouTube gave me a winning thumbnail after testing just one day but that happen only once and I actually don't know why just take a look yourself they're all the same nail I just tilt one and turn another one upside down I guess it does increase click through rate but again I don't see how that will affect watch time unless of course the formula is as simple as taking the clickthrough rate plus the watch time then giving a final score to that thumbnail to determine the winner so that means assuming watch time stays constants because the video style is only capable of doing so much then the deciding factor of a winning thumbnail automatically becomes the click through rate so I guess in a way it is still the click through rate and we're back to the correct way of AB testing look you can see how confusing this is and YouTube needs to be a little more transparent and be straightforward maybe for once stop working with big channels who have the edits advantage and work with small channels who really want to see if new features introduced can indeed help channels grow big channels are all already established they don't need these tools but small channels do so the very least you can do YouTube is to spend those billions of dollars you have to implement a feature that is made specifically for small channels big channels can help sustain YouTube they don't need as much help small channels though if you help us grow our channel to become the next big Channel then that benefits YouTube in the long run because the pool of big channels just gets bigger it's a win-win situation if you ask me

  Top Comments:
  1. @dionsheds [5 likes]: You got this one right! Most of my results from A/B testing comes back inconclusive 😢 For this to benefit smaller channels, youtube needs to give us more impressions regardless of the type of videos... Present it and see if people click.
  2. @KevinChee [4 likes]: Each video I do has a reason behind it, which I share in my newsletter. So, sign up! It's free! https://kevinchee.com
  3. @daudet1 [3 likes]: I think what they are getting at, is that they are trying to find which thumbnail will attract the right people who will watch the video. You could create an awesome thumbnail but it has nothing to do with your video. So CTR is high but retention is low.  Then another thumbnail isn't that good, but if the people showing up are the ones genuinely interested in the topic so  that is what you want. The higher the retention rate the more likely Youtube will recommend it to others.  Retention rate means more to me than CTR.  A thumbnail can be changed a bad video not so much.
  4. @DeepestDiveDev [3 likes]: I think it makes sense, a thumbnail is like a pre-intro to your video. If you get 10% CTR but viewers instantly close the video because its clickbait how good is that stat. If you get 1% but people acutally watch your video, then its a better thumbnail. Would be nice to see CTR too but I agree with youtube that its a more helpful metric in most cases

Edit: also if your test is inconclusive then most likely they are the same thumbnail essentially - at least thats what I saw with the test you shown in the video. I dont think a small text change will make a measurable impact, 99% of people won't read it - it's better to run tests with thumbnails where the difference is more noticeable - like when you flipped your image upside down
  5. @FinancialAccountingRMHAcadeySA [2 likes]: Thanks Kevin, this was helpful to me as you explained that this testing is actually for Big channels, because i recently launched my first channel with only 2 videos and i thinking of using this feature to test my thumbnails, but now i have reason not to. thank you so much for saving me from all the frustrations i would have encounterd.
  6. @diasfrancis-v4c [1 likes]: Kevin nos alertaste com este teu conhecimento muito bom!
  7. @DeadBalanceProd [1 likes]: So far, I've tried all possible Youtube features and scammy add-ons that the Internet has to offer (on various of my channels) - NOTHING actually works for small channels. It's all a scam on a greater level, so that they get more interaction  :)
  8. @antoinechloe [1 likes]: FINALLY! Thank you so much for this video. Indeed, our last four videos were made using A/B testing. The result: our last four videos experienced a dramatic drop in views!!

It was starting to weigh on us; we felt like the channel was stagnating, until we sat down and thought about YouTube's A/B testing feature.

At first glance, it seemed like a brilliant idea, and we were thrilled to be able to use it. But in fact, upon closer inspection, it's not the click-through rate that matters, but the watch time (which makes no sense, as you said).

This means that YouTube will show the video to what it considers to be our audience, so we hit a glass ceiling very quickly.

 The thumbnails he was giving away were always very niche (naturally, the niche audience watches our videos much longer than the general public).

Mainstream thumbnails had lower retention: but that's normal!

It's the video intro that convinces people to stay.

We're therefore going to stop this feature because we strongly believe that it's the reason our channel is only getting a quarter of the views it used to!
  9. @GuiDaFunkyMan [1 likes]: Does the new YouTube titles feature also rely on watch time?
  10. @PartyMixDanceMusic [1 likes]: Hey Kevin.. thanks a  lot for explain it.. yeh i am wonder sometimes also about this testing.. do you know any good other program outside of YOutube ?
  11. @richardhyatt-beekeeping [1 likes]: Interesting take. I think YouTube (Google)  doesn't care about small channels because they can advertise on them for free.
  12. @stiandbd [1 likes]: Ive used ab testing on couple long form videos and havent got any significant value from it, i think it can be useful sometime but its def not the thing that make your videos blow my most viewee video i didnt use it
  13. @HealthAmy [1 likes]: You are not the only one facing this problem. The matter is somewhat unclear, but I believe that to achieve specific results, each image must represent a completely different concept from the others. If you only change your face, for example, from right to left, then the test will undoubtedly yield very similar results.
  14. @dionich [1 likes]: In my 1.8 sub channel case I need something like 200 views on that video for the AB results to be visible, otherwise there will be not enough data for the results. I guess this feature is not so good for the small channels since they will ruin their video's CTR (with non-succefull thumbnails) while the AB test will run for two weeks. In one of my last videos the results appeared withing 1 or two days and the winning thumnails had 60%, so I jsut selected that one and that's it. The video is doing quite ok'eish since then.
  15. @Rave-tq6ix: It seems to only work for YouTuber that have a decent amount of views (500-1,000+ views for example). And the only time my A/B Test were successful came from my 2 videos with 100+ views. It does help if you have a good thumbnail and title, but it barely does anything for the majority of small YouTuber.
  16. @HardwareGeek15: but a channel  massively depends upon the video packeging and the first 30 seconds,  one video with low ctr and low reach but really high rentention does not mean it will get massive views  but a video with high ctr and high reach but average retention will go viral
  17. @Crowscare14: great video thanks Kevin!!!
  18. @Ingridgoestochina: I agree. That's what I thought too. But this is only useful to YouTube and not the creator.
  19. @natalochkazhdanova: Bro why didn’t  you try DIFFERENT thumbnails? You put the same picture and your conclusion was THE RESULTS WERE THE SAME 😂😂😂 YES COZ U DID 3 SAME PICTURES. U DIDNT CHANGED COMPOSITION OR COLORS 😂

This video has no sense. The most important in your nishe here is making serious face and people will believe any lies to tell 🫡
  20. @NigelDRealest: Bro,  sorry but I have to disagree with this vid. the Thumbnail testing is in fact great and also works on small channels. You can even see the test results early. You don’t have to wait for it to finish. I use it  for my channel

- Does A/B Thumbnail Testing HURT Your Channel?: Kind: captions Language: en today on the Boost we're going to talk about the ab thumbnail testing and whether or not you should actually be using it is it hurting your views we'll talk about it here on the Boost by vid IQ all right J we just got a text message from one of our fans here let's take a look at what it says sup Travis and Jen I love you guys thank you for being awesome I was wondering what you guys think of the ab thumbnail testing feature on YouTube I'm currently using it on my new video and I'm afraid that it might be giving me less views and hurt my potential of the video going out should I just end it early and let it cook it's a good question Jen but do you think about this do we let it cook I have strong feelings about this actually because I think this came out and we all kind of ran with it because we were so happy and so excited that I don't know if we really set guidelines for ourselves as to when to use it and when not to use it cuz I do think there is 1,000% times where you should not use this one of the things is we've been testing this on the main channel for a while nine times out of 10 the percentages are so similar that it's like irrelevant right like it's pretty irrelevant if you go into making a video knowing in advance uh what your thumbnail title are going to be then they're probably going to connect pretty well and unless you're doing drastically different thumbnail Styles which by the way is kind of what AB testing is for then it's kind of pointless right like otherwise what's the point it's also pointless to not have two really good thumbnails like AB testing is not to have one really good thumbnail that you're like this is awesome and then just you know another thumbnail to throw in there no matter how different they are because you have to think about it that thumbnail is still going to be surfaced to people and you will lose that click if it's not a good thumbnail just because it's adding you know it's making the better thumbnail look better doesn't mean the worst option of the two is not still being shown to people and potentially losing that click cuz they're not going to get this video resurfaced you know most likely with the other thumbnail than shown yeah this actually came up a couple of weeks ago and I had to ask V Richie about like what happens if the losing thumbnail the people who did not click it uh will it get resurfaced and after the thumbnail is decided on on the winter and the answer is kind of no not necessarily like it could if it eventually does well it could get resurfaced to those people who didn't click on in the first place but it doesn't automatically get retested against those people despite the fact that the newer thumbnail might be better so does that mean you should not use it no I mean I think there's instances where you might have two really good thumbnail ideas and you're just not sure which one to go with that's a great opportunity for it do you need to use it on every single video no and especially if you're a smaller Creator a lot of times you'll get inconclusive results because you won't have enough Impressions it takes a lot of impressions for the process to even figure out which is quote better and the other thing is thumbnail testing doesn't end the first 48 or 72 hours after you do it the reality is you get different people coming to your channel over the course of weeks and months Jen uh speak to that if you want to really really get into AB testing then you need to have like three AB tests like set up you should have that initial Community test set up within those first like three days you should have it set again for when your casual audience the rest of your subscribers are seeing it within that you know the rest of the week and then a highly highly disc able option past that time of course this means the video has to be getting views that entire time and surfacing for that to actually make sense so we're probably talking about this with um larger channels not necessarily a strategy for smaller Channels cuz that first one probably still won't even be done but when we think about what makes a good discoverable thumbnail versus what makes a good Community thumbnail and when that video is being shown to both those thumbnails look entirely different so if you have a thumbnail that has your face on it and then you have a thumbnail that doesn't within those first three days most likely the thumbnail with your face on is going to win because your audience knows you and they're reacting to that thumbnail but that doesn't necessarily give us the answer that we maybe wanted for the you know longevity of the video if you will I love that that was that was really well explained and and again nothing is definitive just because the thumbnail works today doesn't mean it's going to work tomorrow to Jen's point it doesn't mean even that the thumbnail that YouTube tells you is the best one is actually the best one especially when you're thinking about the videos live on YouTube potentially forever majority of people who ever see that thumbnail are actually would maybe potentially connect more with the thumbnail you didn't end up even using which I think is probably the case more often than not but if you like questions like that and getting your answers from us Jen and Travis here at the Boost check the link in the description where you can check out the entire podcast and some other answers we've given see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alxium [4 likes]: This is interesting. For me, I usually create 1-3 different thumbnail ideas, and then add them to a mockup of the youtube homepage to see what catches the eye the best. I also ask friends and my community members what catches their eye, and it usually has been quite successful. I don't like the idea of a thumbnail constantly changing. To me, a thumbnail is an integral part of the "identity" of a video, just like it's title, so it is jarring when your favorite video suddenly has a different thumbnail, like it's face got ripped off.
  2. @goukigod [3 likes]: Testing drastically different thumbnails isn't a great idea in the long run. Sure, you might be able to figure out which one is more popular out of the 2 or 3 you test, but you wont have any idea why. If, however, you upload 2 or 3 thumbnails that only change one element, such as the choice of image or if it includes any text, this will help you easily identify what elements people gravitate towards the most. Over time you can eliminate the things that don't perform and include more of the things that do.
  3. @jared_chan [2 likes]: My test said 'the test finished without a conclusive result' ... BUT 1 thumbnail was 29.3% and another 38.3% ... surely that is enough of a difference to be conclusive? Also, it chose to make the lowest % share as visible to all viewers?
  4. @_Abdulziz506 [1 likes]: who even votes for a/b thumbnails?
  5. @NLNPNL [1 likes]: In the first thumbnail test you showed (at 1:04), there is an almost 20% difference between the highest and lowest performers. That's not "so similar that it's like irrelevant", to me.
  6. @MuhammadAlhassantikau-p6y [1 likes]: Thanks from the vidIQ tools. my thumbnails rate around 90-100 and I even do
  7. @kuroketsueki9059: so Veritasium does A/B testing? but their title also change.
  8. @Dinkun_midia: It is not opne for me i wet 2 month
  9. @lyrimetacurl0: I usually see an interesting video thumbnail and title, save it for later, and then it changes to a bad one and I decide it's not worth watching then / also it's manipulative. Also if I were to watch it then it would falsely give the impression that the bad one is good, therefore I should not watch it.
  10. @bigfellavideography: 2:41 this. first you need to get enough impressions and clicks to determine a winner. I've had two tests on different videos come back 'inconclusive' because of lack of impressions.
this solution might work for more established channels with larger audiences (or TAM potential), but the little guy with few impressions is left out.
  11. @YourCommonPlease: hey idk when I got it but i'm tell this as results....use it telling you I did few weeks ago ran test and stop it and right after stopped test video stop getting views...my question wasn't is good use from my experience it's really does help...now my question is does every channel get it or is certain treeshold reach to use it...cause it helps with my thumbnails issue i still have today...
  12. @rockyf4981: this is a weird way to say that obviously you should only do GOOD thumbnails in an AB test and they should be completely different designs.
  13. @ultrapopv1ra: It cannot work actually, it would break the laws of physics :E.... b/c the numbers are too small, there's zero benefit - all it can and does do is reduce your impressions lol.... (probably by design tbh...)
  14. @TimelineOfTales: Thanks! :)
  15. @LaLa_Bunny33: So it sounds like the verdict is inconclusive . . . I just tried running my first thumbnail test tonight to see if I get more views/impressions than normal.
  16. @journeytosilius1: The thing she says about doing the 3 thumbnail tests and switching them after 3 days, 7 days, and up to 1 month doesn't work at all. Because the test just says "2 weeks testing period", which needs to complete before it shows any results. So basically you better select your test pics and be good with them for 2 weeks. I don't know if that's changed in the last 4 months since this video came out, but that's how it is now. And it's horrible honestly. Who wants to wait 2 weeks to get results? No one. Most views on most channel's videos come within the first 3-4 days. You should be able to end the test and get the results any time you want. Again, the way youtube has implemented this so far is HORRENDOUS. They need to rework the entire thing.
  17. @nicholasbalette6354: I'm   doing  some  research on thumbnails.
  18. @SeanNgere: Thanks for this, vidIQ! Helpful reassurance that it might not be the best idea when you're not getting a high enough number of views to garner quality results from the testing.
  19. @cluedupcity: Amazing video; great information: look forward to watching more.
  20. @TheOutsiderJess: Its inconsisntent from what I have seen it helps for some people to change the thumbnails and other times it doesnt help

- I Let ChatGPT Critique My Thumbnail. Here's What It Got Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en Last episode, I tested whether a custom GPT could help me come up with channel ideas. This time, I wanted to push it harder. Can it actually help with thumbnails and titles, or does it mostly just make average packaging faster? So, I took a real thumbnail idea from Rolling with the Curves, dropped it into my custom GPT, and asked one question. What should I keep? What should I change? And is it actually getting better? Because this is where a lot of creators lose the plot. It's not that they need more ideas. It's that weak packaging decisions kill good videos before the video even gets a chance. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the original thumbnail concept, the feedback the GPT gave me, what advice was actually useful, what advice started flattening the idea, and the bigger lesson I'm learning about where AI actually fits in a small creator workflow. This was a thumbnail idea I brought in from Rolling with the Curbs. The promise of the video was simple. Our Texas RV trip was at risk because the truck still wasn't ready to tow and we only had one week left. The viewer I wanted was the RV traveler who knows the exact panic moment when the trip is getting close and the tow vehicle isn't ready. And the part I wasn't sure about was whether the thumbnail had one clear focal point or whether it was trying to say too much at once. I wasn't asking the GPT to invent the whole package from scratch. I wanted it to critique the package. Tell me what's working, what's hurting the click, and what should stay. That keeps the whole test honest. I'm not pretending AI came up with the whole idea. I'm using it as a judgment tool. And here's what it got right first. Point one, keep the deadline tension. I think that was right because the oneweek left angle is really the engine of the whole package. Point two, simplify toward one dominant problem. That helped because it pushed the thumbnail toward one clear idea instead of trying to explain the whole story. Point three, make sure the truck and the human stress read instantly on mobile. And this is where the GPT was actually useful. It caught the clarity problem really fast. That's the first thing I'm noticing with tools like this. They can be pretty good at spotting obvious friction, clutter, mixed signals, weak emphasis, title and thumbnail basically saying the same thing. The kind of stuff that makes a package feel muddy. And that lines up with basic thumbnail rules. clear subject, one dominant idea, mobile readability, and title thumbnail coordination instead of repetition. But here's where it got weaker. The problem with some AI packaging advice is that it can drift toward cleaner without actually getting sharper. And those aren't the same thing. In this case, removing the calendar and reducing the concept down to a cleaner Chuck Plus text layout probably would have made the thumbnail look more orderly, but I also think it would have taken away from some of the tension that gives the viewer a reason to click. So, yeah, it can make an average thumbnail cleaner faster, but that doesn't automatically make it stronger. So, here's what I actually kept. I kept the deadline Q because it supports the core promise. I changed it so not ready to tow hit faster and I ignored the advice to overclean the concept because I think that would have made it safer not stronger. That's probably the real use case here. Not let AI decide the thumbnail, more like let AI pressure test the idea and then make a human decision about what tension is actually worth preserving. This also changed how I think about the custom GPT itself. I don't see it as some finished expert. I see it as a living tool. When I get new results, I update it. When I notice a better rule, I add it. When I get weak advice, that becomes data, too. Sometimes I'll even use the GPT to analyze its own misses and help me build a better rule file for the next round. So, the value isn't that the tool magically knows thumbnails. The value is that I'm building a sharper feedback system around real outcomes. So, my verdict right now is this. A custom GPT can help with titles and thumbnails, but mostly as a critique, not as the final creative decision maker. It's good at catching obvious clarity issues. It's useful for telling me what to keep, what to test, and what might be muddy. But it's still weak at taste. It's weak at tension. It can absolutely push you towards safer, more average packaging if you stop thinking. So, for me, AI does help here, just not by replacing judgment. It helps by making the feedback loop faster as long as I keep training that loop with real results. And that leads directly to the next test. Because even if AI helps a package get clearer, that only gets the click. The bigger question is what happens after the click. So next, I'm testing whether AI can actually help with scripting and retention or whether it starts flattening the video there, too. Watch the next test.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattbuildsachannel: I tested ChatGPT on this thumbnail and title — curious what you think:
Did the AI make it better… or just cleaner?
If you had to choose:
A) clearer but weaker
B) rougher but stronger

What would you actually click?
I’m using this to decide the next test.

- This video needs a thumbnail! (YIAY #354): Kind: captions Language: en yesterday I asked uh yesterday I asked you to make me a thumbnail for this video here your most enticing answer face reveal this is YouTube manipulation 101 alright and actually I'm gonna make a face reveal video that's that's true nice all right you got the vivo watermark you got the arrow the big red circle little bit of nudity uh-uh nope I don't like this one at all too many words too many words in my thumbnail no one's gonna read that ah but I see I would click on this one because it's a guy begging for help oh please help me it's total guilt tripping and it works oh I like this one a lot this video needs a thumbnail I will end up using this one as the thumbnail or if I'm brave I'll use the last one in this video we'll see how cowardly I feel oh god this is just a mess it's a mess in the best way possible layers of text layers the fidgets spinners it's the kind of thumbnail that you want to take a nice cold shower after having seen my dogs are dead I click it when our dogs do die I will absolutely make a 35 minute video and run about 10 ads on it too dark then team 10 missed me I got a show on Disney yes Disney hired me yes this thumbnail is greater than the sum of its parts and going on that Disney train I like this one and I love the the illustration you did it's very nice but my problem is that you may have noticed that the ratio is a square it's a one-to-one ratio and we all know that the ratio for a YouTube thumbnail is widescreen 16:9 so I'm gonna do is just go ahead and stretch it out a bit and boom I fixed your thumbnail now it's good to go oh I have an idea to make a video called fix your thumbnails later later later later is this thumbnail advertiser friendly sometimes the very best thumbnail is simply text and this is a prime example why I left BuzzFeed yeah it's cliche but it's cliché for a reason oh three oh my god I hate this stupid trend of 3 a.m. videos but I'll tell you some little eight-year-olds gonna click on it going oh how I made 600 K in two months all of these money thumbnails paid the bills I'm a millionaire yeah absolutely absolutely do thumbnails like these it gets people jealous it gets people mad but most importantly gets people curious ah Game of Thrones theories are still hot right now you have a very short window now that the season has ended but now is a great time to totally capitalize on your Game of Thrones theories thumbnails go go go and now I present to you a string of very mean thumbnails bum bum bum [Music] best fans in the world guys YouTube is killing my channel someone needs to do something or alternatively what it's really like to have a large forehead it's not like they say it is God you guys are really really good at clickbait uh-uh uh-uh no no I get it but no censored yes any time you censor something it's it's gonna pique your interest and your curiosity and you want you want to know are they censoring if you watched any of my videos you know that I'm a huge Call of Duty fan all I do is talk about leaked weapons and in the latest Call of Duty entry so this is a wonderful thumbnail to get those gamers interested a lovely joke a simple joke and it works I love this thumbnail it looks like it's drawn in these psychic pebbles Oni and G vein I would hesitantly click on this one you want to manipulate your viewers do a last episode of something thumbnail boy oh boy does that work one of these days I will make the last guy and I'll probably use that thumbnail red circle check arrow check emojis check big bright border check hell yeah this thumbnail has more arrows than you can shake a stick at I included this one because I appreciate the enlarged timecode and finally the one that I'm probably too scared to actually use because I feel like it would be manipulative this one haha I really really wanted to call today's video YouTube's deleting thumbnails and useless but people get so pissed off when they realize no it's just another yeah episode but please let the record show that this is the best thumbnail it's so oh it's so good don't you lie and tell me that you wouldn't click on that okay you might be wondering why I look so good it's because of today's sponsor movement watches I love these watches they have a really clean design and I get compliments on them whenever I go out the movement company was founded by two broke college kids that wanted to wear stylish watches but couldn't afford him so they made their own dang watch company pretty smart right they really remind me of me you know I started making videos with my college buddies and now I make videos alone get 15% off today with free shipping and free returns by going to movement comm slash checks link in the description joking aside I really do love these washes and it's weird if I ever step outside the house without them on now is the time to step up your watch game that's movement comm slash jacks join the movement oh I have a question for you and I've asked you this before but I feel like it's been long enough I can ask you again can you fix my Twitter bio since I've fixed so many of yours already I'm not gonna lie it's pretty tough to fix since it's already perfect and all but please do try leave your answers in the comments below I'll pick my favorites in the next step yeah please subscribe for more clickbait also click right here to see the previous guy episode here's a clip in just four words can you save the world we are beyond saving everybody need to die seven more Shrek movies dabbing is now illegal

  Top Comments:
  1. @satisacro [8 likes]: So sad to know that YIAY is ending. He should use one of those thumbnails for the final one.
  2. @HopePapernacky [5 likes]: He didn't do the last YIAY thumbnail
  3. @leobamabaconator [5 likes]: 3:54
and then he did it
  4. @alexayala8923 [4 likes]: 4:01 YOU F*CKING LIAR
  5. @JimCorn387 [3 likes]: 4:00
  6. @BuenDude [1 likes]: 2:57 and hey, now he's looking for a yiay host
  7. @AzraqShinji [1 likes]: I miss this era of chaotic jacksfilms
  8. @imperiallegionnaire8344 [1 likes]: coward
  9. @IABITVpresents [1 likes]: 1:19 hey that rhymed
  10. @venatusdev [1 likes]: Lol he looks like the guy in the thumbnail
  11. @carolinatorres760 [1 likes]: Coward
  12. @NicoleTransWoman: 😂
  13. @GARFLER: People first insulted Jack’s forehead, then the target became KSI
  14. @a_person975: 4:10 BIG BLUE BORDER?!?! IS THAT A SCOTT THE WOZ REFERENCE?!?!?!
  15. @Soraking007: the face reveal should just of been pewdiepie cause jack stole yiay(is this still a thing do kids still think pewds made yiay?)
  16. @dw2channel818: love the part where he went ''yes'' at 0:00
  17. @ARKURU8632: 4:29
  18. @coltenscorner1: Who else came back to this video after Jack finally did the Fix Your Thumbnails vid.
  19. @CringePoop: this was the first yiay i watched i think
  20. @phaze7843: why can't we see older yiay's I'm sad

- The Secret to Perfect Face Retouching for Thumbnails in Photoshop: Kind: captions Language: en A big thank you to Brilliant for sponsoring today's video. I'll tell you more about them in just a bit. Lately, one of the most requested tutorials on the channel has been about creating glowing thumbnails and doing professional face edits. So, in today's video, I'll walk you through a full step-by-step tutorial on how to edit your images for thumbnails. I'll also show you how to get the PSD file for free. So, without any further delay, let's get started. Okay, so first in the description section, you'll find a zip file that includes three high-quality practice images of Preston. You can use them to follow along with me in this tutorial. They're great for practicing since the quality will really help us get better results. After spending some time deciding, I chose this picture. Honestly, it looks really good, so let's use it. First, I'll create a Photoshop canvas with the standard size of 1,280x 720 pixels. Then, I'll copy and paste the photo into our canvas. When resizing it, make sure to check the smart object option. That way, the image won't lose quality when you scale it down. After that, I'll try to place the image right in the center. And to be more precise, you can use the ruler tool. Once that's done, I'll export the image and head over to Leonardo AI. For those who don't know, Leonardo AI has one of the best upscalers for face editing. So, I'll upload my picture and set the creativity strength to four. As you can see, the result looks really good. Next, I'll export it to this Chinese website to remove the background. If you don't understand Mandarin like me, you can simply rightclick and translate the page to English. I've actually used this tool in my previous videos, and many of you have been asking for the website name. If you look closely, you can already see its name in the corner here. To become a good thumbnail designer, you need to be observant and pay attention to small details in your daily work instead of relying on others for every little things. All right, enough talking. Let's get back to the tutorial. As you can see, we now have the image without a background. The cutout looks great, but I'm going to fill the background with black so I can spot any small mistakes the AI might have made, especially around areas like the hair. I also prefer working with a dark background because it helps me focus better on the main facial features. To start, I'll apply a soft camera raw filter. Nothing too extreme, just adjusting the contrast to make sure the face looks balanced without areas that are too bright or too dark. Once that's done, I'll duplicate the layer, open the camera raw filter again, and set den noise to 65% and texture to minus5%. This gives the skin a smooth look, but we don't want to apply it to the entire image. So, I'll create a layer mask, invert it, and using a brush with around 75% flow. I'll start painting only over the skin areas. Make sure to avoid the eyebrows, hair, eyes, and mouth, just focus on the skin. Once that's done, I'll create a saturation adjustment layer and set both vibrance and saturation to zero. Then, using the same brush flow as before, I'll start painting over the eyes to make them look cleaner and more natural. I'll do the same for the teeth. Just be as precise as possible so you don't brush over any unnecessary areas. At this point, I also decided to paint over the shirt a bit to make it stand out more and create a stronger contrast with the skin tone. Next, I created a curves adjustment layer and slightly increased the brightness. Using the same mask we made earlier, I'll paint over the eyeballs and teeth to make them pop a bit more. In the end, I'll lower the opacity slightly so the effect isn't too strong and still looks natural. Next, I'll create an exposure adjustment layer, lower the exposure, and increase the gamma correction. Then, I'll paint over the shirt to make it darker and create more contrast with the face. At first, it looked a bit too dark, so I brightened it slightly until it felt balanced. The next step is dodging and burning, which is honestly one of the best techniques in Photoshop. It helps your face stand out by darkening the shadows and brightening the highlights. You can do this using a soft brush with 0% hardness and around 10% flow. If you have a graphic tablet, which I highly recommend, it will help you be much more precise with the details. As you can see, this step really makes the image and facial features pop, especially if you're working with a lower quality photo. Remember, as designers, problem solving is part of our daily work. Whether it's choosing the right colors, balancing elements, or making a thumbnail stand out, you're constantly thinking, testing, and improving. That's exactly why I enjoy using Brilliant. Instead of just reading or watching lessons, Brilliant makes you do the learning. Every concept is taught through interactive puzzles and hands-on challenges, so you actually understand how things work instead of memorizing. For me, the thinking and code course has been a gamecher. Behind every great design is a set of invisible rules, the logic that makes everything click. This course helps you think like a true problem solver. turning creative ideas into systems that actually work. It's the same mindset you need to create designs that feel effortless and powerful. If you want to start exploring Brilliant, head to brilliant.org/baddestdesigns. It's free to get started. And when you upgrade to premium, you'll get unlimited daily access to everything on Brilliant so you can keep leveling up your skills every single day. Now, let's get back to our tutorial. Okay, now that we're done with the dodging and burning, let's move on to a neat trick I learned from my colleague Dimchure, who's made a lot of Preston thumbnails before. This technique involves painting slightly brighter areas around the darker parts of the face, just like this. It helps give the face a more defined and structured look while also making it appear brighter and more balanced overall. The next step is focusing on the eyes. In this case, the eyes are brown, so you might not notice a huge difference. But if you're working with colored eyes, you can use the hue/saturation tool to adjust the color and paint over the iris. Just make sure the blending mode is set to screen. To take it a step further, create an exposure adjustment layer. Increase the brightness and paint over the bottom part of the eye. And this mimics how light naturally hits the iris, brightening just the lower section. Once that's done, we move on to the mouth. I'll increase the saturation to 100% and paint over the tongue. then reduce it to make it look a natural pink. If it looks good, I might also enhance the lips slightly, but be careful not to overdo it. We don't want them to look like they're wearing lipstick. Remember, you can always adjust the opacity later if the effect feels too strong. The next step is adding selective color. This tool is great for adjusting skin tones and can really make or break your face edits. It honestly deserves a whole separate video. It's especially useful if your image has slightly off colors. For now, just experiment with the sliders, adjusting each color until you achieve the tone you're aiming for. For this tutorial, I'll exaggerate it a bit so the face really pops, similar to Mr. Beast thumbnails. Once that's done, I'll merge all the layers together and go back into the camera raw filter to tweak sharpness and texture, adding more detail. After that, I'll drag and drop a background. It's literally just a random one. I'll reduce its saturation and brightness to make it darker, which sets the stage for the glow effect, the most important part of today's tutorial. To create the glow, I'll select a brush with zero hardness and 50% flow. Then click once or twice behind the subject. I'll change the blending mode to linear dodge. Add. I'll repeat the same step with a pure white brush to make the glow look more like a smooth gradient. Next, I'll duplicate the layer and add a blue inner glow. Then, I'll apply a layer mask and paint only over the areas where it's needed. After that, I'll select the brush again and using a clipping mask, paint over the shoulders to make it look like the light is passing through them. Adjusting the blending mode is always necessary to make the effect look natural. Next, I'll add a curves layer, but instead of adjusting the overall brightness, I'll focus on the color tones. For example, I'll boost the blues and reduce the reds. Using a brush, I'll paint some light reflections over the face. Don't worry if it feels a bit wild at first since you can erase anything later. After that, I'll create two new layers, group them, and set the group's blending mode to linear dodge. Add. I'll fill the bottom layer with pure black and apply a gradient map like this one. You can create your own gradient if you prefer. Then, I'll clip the gradient map to the second layer and continue painting over the face with the brush. This technique might feel a bit strange at first, but with practice, you'll master it. Using a graphic tablet helps a lot, and you can also use Photoshop's rotation tool to rotate the face for better control while painting the lights. [Music] To add a subtle flare of detail, you can include an overlay asset like some sparks. A lot of people use them, though personally I don't overdo it. Next comes a game-changing step that really makes everything pop using Craya AI. This tool has an upscaler that makes reflections and details look much more realistic. I'll upload my image, wait for it to be upscaled, and then bring it back into Photoshop. As you can see, the tool did a great job enhancing realism, but it did slightly alter some face details. To fix this, I'll place the original face layer underneath the upscaled version and paint over only the areas that need adjustments. Finally, I'll finish it off with a camera raw filter to blend everything together and add some subtle noise. You can also experiment with extra effects like a highpass filter or some chromatic aberration to make the image feel more dynamic and visually striking. And that's it everyone. I hope you enjoyed this tutorial. It took me a lot of time to record, script, and edit. So, if you found it helpful, please like the video and subscribe. It really motivates me to create more content. A big thank you again to Brilliant for sponsoring this video. Make sure to check out the link in the description and see you in the next episode. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LilHarvey [11 likes]: why wouldn't you just use the photoshop subject select instead of the website?
  2. @BadisDesigns [7 likes]: 🧠 To learn for free on Brilliant: https://brilliant.org/BadisDesigns/ 
You’ll also get 20% off an annual premium subscription.
  3. @ORIOLICS [5 likes]: THUMBNAIL MAKING = SENDING ROCKET TO THE MOON !
  4. @KnoxTechZone [1 likes]: You deserve more subscribers
  5. @meherajopu [1 likes]: Bro, you should explain more clearly...
  6. @thehiphopfilestv [1 likes]: u go to fast to even follow along
  7. @DarkPhantom2013 [1 likes]: Lookin like all yt's have wayyy too much makeup on!
some
  8. @M.kFactory: not understood he is doing fats to get more watch time hrs why bro
  9. @neckz7571: Absolutely insane tutorial. Thank You.
  10. @bappy_hassan: Love from Bangladesh ❤
  11. @steve_gm: Yeah wtf
Thx for the info
  12. @utpaldesigns: Very fast and very hard to follow along.
  13. @jeestak: important fix for if the outer glow is outside of your brush rather than the image at 6:49: make sure to rasterize the layer style before creating the layer mask!!! took me forever to figure that out lol
  14. @Hey_its_Ricky: Great stuff. Thanks for showing us behind the scenes.
  15. @Asr-w8y: at 3:00, how did u copy the info from the mask from earlier to the new mask?
  16. @Sol_graphics: Bro how i can gat free psd😢
  17. @ZikzakKhan: Cool bro
  18. @florianschartner2030: genius. Thx.
  19. @4hammza: GOAT
  20. @PengawalJawaBaratIstimewa: Mantap bang ilmunya... Hatur nuhun ❤❤❤

- MrBeast Thumbnail Face Effect (Photoshop Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en every time I upload a new video I get comments like these even though there are already so many video tutorials on skin smoothing effect in Photoshop I would still like to share the techniques I use to achieve the popular Mr Beast cartoonish face effect but before I show you my process first I'll analyze Mr Beast thumbnails and take some notes let's take this thumbnail for example by observing his face we can notice the following his face is very bright and very smooth there are no wrinkles or anything like that contrast between the skin and his facial hair and eyebrows is very strong his teeth are 100 white and also super bright same goes for his mouth it's bright but also very vibrant and smooth the eyes are very noticeable sclera is also fully white and Iris is clear bright and sharp and the final observation is that he has this subtle highlight on the edge of the face this is more noticeable in some of his other thumbnails and one more thing to mention is the skin tone color in some cases it's light red or pink and in other cases it's light orange or yellow so by having these things in our minds let's see how we can achieve a similar effect [Music] step one first I'll start by removing any creases and wrinkles from his face for this I'll use the spot healing brush tool this tool helps greatly for removing the smaller creases from the face and in some more complex cases like this one I'll just use a lasso tool to make a selection around the part I'd like to change and with the content aware fill Photoshop will solve the issue pretty much instantly here's before and here's after 2. for the skin smoothening I just like to make a copy of the photo and then clip it to the original while the copy of the photo is selected I'll open camera raw filter where I'll adjust two sliders texture and noise reduction for texture I'll move the slider to the left usually something like -50 works pretty good and for the noise reduction I'll move the slider to the right to about 60. considering this affects the whole image I'll create a layer mask and invert it and then by using a soft brush with low flow I'll paint over the skin while trying to avoid any hair mouth and eyes all right step 3 one of the ways to apply Dodge and burn effect to the photos by creating two curves adjustments layers this is a non-destructive way of editing meaning I can easily go back later and change the values of what I'm doing now in the first curves adjustments layer I will grab the slider in the middle and move it down this will darken the image once I do this I'll invert the layer mask and then duplicate the layer in the duplicate layer I'll move the slider up which will make the photo brighter considering that both adjustments currently have an inverted layer masks they won't be visible unless I paint over them with a white brush so I'll take the brush make sure it's soft the flow is around five percent and I'll start brushing over the face generally you'll want to dodge the face cheeks top of the nose forehead around the mouth and in this case the skin area on his chin with no beard and then the areas to burn you'll want to paint both sides of the nose outer sides of his cheeks and these parts here I also like to paint over the hair and fear because it creates a stronger contrast step 4 editing the teeth is a two-step process first I'll add the human saturation adjustment layer choose yellows and move the saturation slider all the way to the left this should remove all the yellows and I'll paint over an inverted mask because I want it to affect only the yellow shades on his teeth second step is making the teeth brighter I'll do this by creating a curves adjustment layer and pulling the slider up which will make everything brighter by copying the layer mask from previous layer this curves adjustment layer will only affect the teeth 5. for the eyes I'll create three adjustment layers first will be Hue and saturation adjustment layer I will click on colorize and move the slider to the middle until I get a nice blue color and then on the inverted layer mask I'll paint only over his Iris the second adjustment layer will be once again a curves adjustment layer in which I'll move the slider from the middle up this will brighten up the iris in order for it to affect only the iris I'll apply the same layer mask from the previous adjustment and Third change to his eyes that I'm going to do will be making his sclera even whiter I'll do it again with curves same process once again moving the slider from the middle up to make it brighter then on an inverted layer mask I'll just paint over the white areas around the iris and that's it for the eyes step six I don't usually like to exaggerate skin tones so in this case I will make the face just a tiny bit more pink and yellow I'll achieve this by creating two selective color adjustment layers in the first one I'll choose red color and move the magenta slider to the right and then choose the yellow color and do the same this makes the face just a tiny bit more pink and for the second selective color adjustment layer I'll just duplicate the one I already have restore the sliders to default and then move the yellow slider to the right which will add yellow tones to the red areas of the face this change is very subtle but necessary in my opinion selective color adjustment layer is very powerful and if you haven't used it before I greatly suggest you try it out and see what you can achieve with it step 7 to make the face contrast even stronger I'll once again create a new curves adjustment layer but this time I'll make an s-curve on the graph as you can see on the screen I'll make sure to clip it to the original layer because I want it to affect only the body of our subject and nothing else step eight I want to make everything a little bit brighter and I'll easily achieve this with an exposure adjustment layer in which I'll move the exposure slider slightly to the right this same effect can be done with a curves adjustment layer too you just need to move the slider up step 9. there are some areas on his face that are extra red so I'd like to tone it down for example at the front of his hair on these three places below so to remove it I'll create one more selective color adjustment layer and by affecting only the red color I'll move the first slider to the right this will tone down the red tones which is exactly what I want once I have the sliders right I'll invert the layer mask and with a brush tool I'll paint over the areas I want to remove step 10 lips may look a bit too pink here so let's change it to Red which is more realistic you guessed it I'll do this by creating yet another selective color adjustment layer in the settings I'll choose the color magentas and I'll move the sliders around until I get the result I am happy with and most of the thumbnails Mr Beast has a mouth wide open and his tongue is very visible if that was the case here I'd apply the same technique that I used for lips to color correct it and for the final step I'll add the edge highlights if we take a look at Mr Beast thumbnails you can notice there's a white outline at the edge of his face the intensity and position of this depends on the environment and the light source but for the sake of showing you how I do it I'll apply the effect to both sides of his face I'll just create a new adjustment layer that's 100 white the way I choose to do it is the human saturation adjustment layer but it can also be done in so many other ways the main reason I like to do it this way is in case I need to change the background later and the source light is for example green then I can easily open the adjustment layer and change the color of it once I have the white layer I'll invert the mask pick a soft brush tool change the flow to 15 or 20 percent and slowly paint over the edges of the face if the intensity is too strong I'll lower the opacity of the layer to make it look more right step 12. now that I think I'm done with the edits I'll select all of it and convert to a Smart object this way I'll turn 16 layers into one and later if I have to go in and change certain adjustments I can just open the smart object and edit it in there this is extremely useful if you're working with hundreds of layers inside your project anyway now that I have the complete edit package inside of one smart object I can apply the camera raw filter to it inside the camera raw filter I'll boost the texture and sharpest sliders to bring more details I don't want it to affect the whole face so I'll select the smart filters mask and inverted with the soft brush tool selected then I'll paint over the areas of high interest and detail such as eyes mouth and beard and just like that we're done here's the comparison from before and after the great thing about this workflow is that every setting and value can easily be Revisited later and corrected if necessary and to thank you for stopping by and watching this video I've included a download link for the Photoshop action that instantly creates all the necessary adjustment layers with just one click this saves me a lot of time when I edit faces and thumbnails and I hope it will save some time for you as well if you've got any questions you can find me on Twitter at the Joseph Blaze or Discord server thumbnails 101 cheers foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @donsaism [1 likes]: you couldnt be more clear ? its hard for someone new
  2. @MORONIC_official [1 likes]: What editing app is this?
  3. @honestreviews3668: Its not free anymore?
  4. @stickhrk: How do I turn the adjustment layers into inverted layer masks?
  5. @JSanPizzaMan: This made my face look so much better! Thank you!
  6. @ivanguevara5961: this video actually made my thumbnails so much better thanks
  7. @14blond64: when i try to paint on the inverted layer mask it doesnt work nothing happens😭
  8. @EstebanAi: Thanks man!  This was awesome
  9. @FizzyGoldTing: 4:05 is the color we choose depending on the persons eye color?
  10. @BenedictTownsend: amazing tutorial, I look a bit like MrBeast so this is INCREDIBLY useful for me lol
  11. @Retos107: The photoshoped beast look really uncanny
  12. @cryptopresale: i couldn't clip the layer copy to the original one
  13. @AnasXP_2009: do it in photopea
  14. @poki_underground: Why do i get "layer is not editable' error
  15. @MiahMunch: I guess the action pack isn't free anymore since thumbnails101 makes you pay $50
  16. @Boldark: this effect and thumbnails are a cancer for youtube
  17. @BasementBeatz412: Excellent video.
  18. @syedhasnain7456: hi do you need a website
  19. @salome4178: Amazing tutorial thank you
  20. @AzzhanArif: really helpful thanks!

- PHOTOSHOP Face Editing HACKS to Boost Your Thumbnails!: Kind: captions Language: en Once you look at this thumbnail, the main part of this thumbnail is the picture because we can create all the other things normally, right the text is done, the background is done, there is not much else in it but the main thing is the picture and the picture is so sharp, how do we sharpen it and see, it looks something like this, right how blurred is it, right if we zoom in a little then it is very blurred, so we will tick it a little by control alt shift dull and export it to PNG, okay and after that we have to come here google2 any image upscaler, come here and go to upload photo here and upload your photo, okay, so by uploading it like this it will enhance your photo and this is a free tool, you can also use it in your thumbnails etc., it will help a lot to upscale your images etc. okay, okay so our image has been upscaled, it looks something like this, you see how much difference there is, this is sharp and this is very blurred, right this part is very blurred, so a Our AI has already done the work of like 40 or 50, so you can do it like this and after this, if you see, we had removed this part and this part a little because our thumbnail, these things are obviously not needed in the photo, so to remove it, obviously we select it like this, something like this and we will remove it with generate fill, so it will be done in this way, if you do not have paid Photoshop, then you can also do it with Adobe Firefly, it will be done there for free, same thing alright, so it is removed, now what we do is remove its background, so I am a little lazy to remove the background, so I will export it again in PNG and then we will go here in remove d bg, this will remove our background and it removes it in a little better way than Photoshop, we will download it and then put it in Photoshop and do it in groups. And taking the selection I will make it a layer mask, so our background is removed and taking the selection in it, I will go to modify and contact it a little by one pixel and then again go to select and modify and smooth it so that these edges become a little smooth and we will do this control shift and inverse and we will fill our layer mask with black color, so it will be done like this, if you want, you can do this part a little better way, taking a little smooth brush we will fill it with black color here in this way, okay, so after this we will convert it to smart object, so it is done in smart object and after rescaling it a little, we will place it in this way like it was already in our thumbnail, okay, so now comes the main part which is our thumbnail, how will we fix the lighting etc. in it so that it has a good shape and a little better look, right, so for that, what we have to do first is we will fix our blazer a little, you can fix this part also Yes, from my layer mask, I'll leave it like this for now. In the saturation layer, we'll create a clipping mask and set its saturation to zero. And with a dab, we'll select here with the quick selection tool and select this part like this. After this, I'll go to the selection and fill it with black color and make it inverse. So, this color of ours is completely filled here. And to give this part a little contrast, what will we do? We'll select this very selection go to the brightness and contrast layer and increase the contrast. Something like this. And again, we'll take the brightness and contrast layer here. And here we'll increase the brightness. That's fine. And I'll fill it with black color. And after that, we'll take a brush and make the opacity of the brush 70 and fill it with white color like this. In the layer mask, I'm filling with white color. So, you can see that thing. The part that is exposed for us, like the front, we'll make that part of the face a little more exposed. After this, we'll go to curves and do something like this. And this point. We will also bring it down a little bit. Okay, and after filling it with black color, we will fill it with white color on the sides in this way so that it looks a little like this. Otherwise, if you see, this photo looks flat. So, for that, we do this thing. Right, okay, so if you look here, as the AI upscaled the image, it put all its focus on the face. Here also, a lot of things are going to change. This will be done with the generated fill. But mainly, if you see, the color of this neck is very dark compared to our face. Okay, so for that, again we will go to curves and clipping mask. We will lighten it a little bit in this way and by changing the keys like this, you can see how you can do it in different ways. Okay, so in this also, we will fill with white color, increase the opacity a little, something like this, and this part is a little more saturated, so what will I do with it? We will go to vibrance and clipping mask. We will reduce its vibrance a little, something like this. And then our There is a selection tool, we will select it and fill it with black color and make it inverse, okay, so we will fix this a little bit like this, the patches etc. that you are seeing, actually this thing will not be noticed in the thumbnail, but if you want to fix this also, as I told you, you can fix it with generate fill, there is no issue in that, okay, so after this we will increase its overall brightness, for that we will take a brightness layer and increase the brightness, something like this, and the rest of the thumbnail which will be here, and let me show you one thing, like I had filled with red color, so we will select the red color, opacity full, and keep it like this, obviously we have not added a background, so you can add any background you want, so what will we do now, this was our layer of the main smart object, I will duplicate it with control j and take it above and you can give a difference in this also, how much difference has come on the face due to the changes that we have made till now, right, so what do we have to do in this That we will enable it and fill it, we will go to its zero end layer style and here we will go to inner glow here we have to take the color a little red something like this and we will color dodge this thing you will have to see how your color is matching with the background right okay so this color looks a little okay I will keep it okay so again we will duplicate this layer with control g and go to inner glow here we have to take white color here we have to take the size very less something like this I will increase it a little okay so it will be something like this okay and we will group both these layers with control g and we will make it a layer mask and here we will fill the white color something like this so that our effect which we had created with the layer style using blending option comes only in this part so okay okay so this much is done, this is ours normally we will think that it is too exposed right see it looks like too much it is not that it is exposed but it is not like that if you group it a little like this If you zoom out and see, it looks perfect because the brightness is a little more in this one and a little less in this one, that's the only difference. So what I did after this was normally we took this one using control o shift e and merged all the layers and went to camera filter and here I have some presets, I will also give you these presets in the description, this instagram2 I am going to use this one and I will go to filter and apply camera filter on this one, then this will happen, okay and after this I normally dodged the color with the brush tool and used a brush like this so that a glow comes like this, okay and after this again we will take a new layer and merge all these layers and here we have to use the camera filter and I am going to use the same filter and here we have to use the camera filter and I am going to use the same filter and in this we will increase the vignette effect a little and increase the exposure a little, okay so it will be like this and then normally I gave a glow on the text and above this I used this brush with the tool in this way, normally white or grey color and after that our The thumbnail is ready, so in such thumbnails, mainly we have to focus on the picture, everything else happens normally, like if you see, there is a lot of grain here, right, so these things are not noticed so much when you see the thumbnail in a little bit like this, otherwise this is not a perfect way to see the thumbnail, if you want to see the thumbnail actually, let me tell you, okay, so this is a website of Taste My Thumbnails, in this we upload the thumbnail, okay, so the thumbnail will look like this, you can see it in different ways, how it will look in the tab, how it will look in the phone, right, so this was today's video, if you liked the video, then please like, share and subscribe, and we are going to have a package of PSD of six thumbnails, so for its updates, you can stay on my page.

  Top Comments:
  1. @STANDARDCHALLENGE [18 likes]: Puri video dekh liya tab pata chala mere pass pc nhi hai 😂
  2. @insanepsd [15 likes]: EaseUS Fixo One-click image enhancement: https://bit.ly/439RaqL
  3. @Aio-g2x [14 likes]: Abe steps toh bata ki kaha se kya select karke kya karna hai...bas bol raha hi ye karna hai vo ran hai
  4. @kanishka4104 [1 likes]: It's a year old vdo but still so good
  5. @iAbhishekBaghel [1 likes]: Something like this😅
  6. @pushkarborasi9349: Photoshop face editing ke naame par ai se aadha kam karwana sikha Raha hai, dudiya hai kya
  7. @DharmendraSingh-fo3ev: Agar mei 300rs wale client ko close krna chahun, toh kya mujhe itne saare detailings ki jrurt padegi? Halke fulke retouching work se kaam chl jayega kya 200-500 charge krne layak? Please reply!
  8. @work-s1d5s: 7;31🤣🤣
  9. @salahaldin447: What's the name of this font ?
  10. @abhixtm5268: W thumbnail L minister 😂
  11. @gandadhandhaaa: thik se to batao yrr inverse kaise hi ?
  12. @Artxstylus: very usefull
  13. @Cliperzoka: india 🤮
  14. @Nk_days_kannada: Vest video not teach well very bad
  15. @King_of_sumit_07: I need a thumbnail editor can someone make thumbnails for my channel
  16. @matioz9125: Gio mktr
  17. @Dadullahkhan-k9q: So nice 
❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  18. @PWRGAMINGX: Android phone mein photoshop chala sakta hu kya ??
  19. @Tiwari11-p5y: mobile mein Kaise banaen
  20. @ThumbnailSprint: This is best

- How to QUICKLY Face Swap with Gemini NANO BANANA PRO Using a Simple Prompt: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so this is the original face. This is the body and this is the result. Okay, let's take a look at another example. This is the original face. This is the target body. And this is the result from Gemini. So in this video, I'm going to show you how you can swap the face or replace the face from one photo to another using Gemini Nano Banana Pro. But there is one important thing that you need to know. This is actually not my first video about this particular topic. Previously I have made a video about how you can change the faces in Gemini and at the time I was using Gemini not banana model not the pro version and at the time the process is basically taking a bit longer because there are other tools that you need to use. But I still think that this method will yield better result compared to the method that I'm about to show you in this video. But the benefit of using this new method is that it is a lot more convenient. It is a lot faster and the result could be quite similar to this method. Anyway, let me show you how you can swap faces using Gemini Nano Banana Pro. So, let's open Gemini. And again, we are using Gemini Nano Banana Pro. This method cannot be applied to the regular version of Nano Banana. Now, for this example, I'm going to uh use let's say uh this woman. So, this is going to be the face that I use. And I want to put this woman's face to this body. So, that's my goal here. Now, let me just upload the picture of this woman first. The the original face. Let me just put it right here in Gemini. Drag and drop. And after that, put the face of the target body. So the order here is very important because it will be related to the prompt that we are going to use in this video. So after you have uploaded the uh first picture and then the second picture, you can copy this prompt. So it's very short. You can find this prompt in the description down below. Just copy and paste that into Gemini and click tools, click create images. Make sure that you're using the thinking version and you can send the message. So essentially in the system according to Gemini it is going to be uh identifying this picture as image number one and this picture as image number two and that's why I use this prompt insert the face of the person from image one which is this image into the body of the person of image two which is this picture. So the order is very very important. If you mess the order then AI will confuse about what is the body, what is the the face that you actually want you are referencing in your pro. So make sure that the order is based on what I explained earlier. Now there you go. We got this picture and as you can see now we got the Asian woman with the body of the blonde woman. And I think it looks great. It's almost seamless. It is not wet perfect though. But I think it is definitely a lot better than if I have to do this manually using let's say Photoshop. And by the way uh as a recommendation you can also add something like let's say I'm using this prompt. If I want to be more consistent then you can use something like this describing let's say the woman is Asian and then you can describe the person as let's say blonde or something like that. So, it's actually going to help AI even better identifying the characters that you're referencing in your pictures and your prom. So, that's just uh another trick to make the picture to be more consistent. But yeah, that's basically how you can swap the face using Gemini Nano Banana Pro. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. I wish you a great day ahead.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SardarKhan-k4o [20 likes]: Please insert the face of person From the image 1 ( ) into the body of the person of image 2 (. )
  2. @daylight3d [19 likes]: What happens if you don't say please? Will it be offended?
  3. @sialquote [7 likes]: it's working thanks
  4. @Shyam-S-D [6 likes]: Its not working
  5. @FYBGAMEROFC [4 likes]: Please insert the face of the person from the image 1 into the body of the boy of image 2
  6. @Sahdewdutta [4 likes]: Please insert the face of the person from 1 into the body of the person of the image 2
  7. @aaronkhaleb [3 likes]: Its working on Jan 1st 2026 👍 
Thank you!
  8. @SpellmanMuzik [2 likes]: Thanks even 1000 chars chatgpt prompt did not work but your single line prompt worked.
  9. @mabura [1 likes]: Thanks dogg
  10. @irfaneppu3273 [1 likes]: Please insert the face of the person from the image 1 into the body of the person of image 2.
  11. @Dualeaglesfx [1 likes]: Pops to you it's working Sir🎉❤❤
  12. @user-vu9mk1sx7u [1 likes]: This is dog shit. It's basically cropping and pasting. It's not actually blending it in
  13. @ucanhduonginh601 [1 likes]: Hi, how to add notebooklm and gemini under video like you.
  14. @fixfvx [1 likes]: Mine perfectly worked just using this simple  prompt: "Match outfit and pose". I use  nano banana on google Flow, because it can generate up to 4 images


If you use nano banana on gemini, paint or blur the target face (Just put something to cover the target face to prevent the AI do the opposite swap)
  15. @mabura: Interesting
  16. @prat2609: How to create something like this for a group photo?
  17. @FlyColonyarmy: Please insert the face of the person from image 1 into the body of the image 2
  18. @Goponedan: it's working thanks❤
  19. @RobertaSansovini: don't works , try another trick please
  20. @janeberhardt3073: Ass tutorial

- The Thumbnail Trick EVERY Small YouTuber Misses: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails are one of the hardest things to get right on YouTube. But they're also one of the most important because ultimately if people don't click, they don't watch. And if your thumbnails aren't getting clicked, your views will suffer no matter how good your content is. The reason you probably clicked on this video is because deep down you know your thumbnails aren't working. So I'm going to show you exactly how to fix them. Now firstly, every YouTube guru will say that thumbnails matter, but most of them will never actually tell you why they matter. So let's break it down quickly. Now what's crazy is it's claimed thumbnails are responsible for up to 50% of a video's total success. Not editing, not the camera, not even the script, the thumbnail. That's why if you can improve your thumbnails, even by just like 10%, you will see massive growth across your entire channel. more clicks, more watch time, and more subscribers. So, your job as a creator isn't just to make good videos. It's also to make killer thumbnails. And over the next few minutes, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, let's get into it. Now, the very first thing we need to do is dive into the world of mastering thumbnail psychology. Because when a viewer lands on YouTube's home feed looking for a video to watch, they're not sat there carefully evaluating each video they see. Instead, they're usually scanning the entire page really fast and making split-second decisions based on how a thumbnail makes them feel. And that's a key. People won't click just because your thumbnail looks nice, they will only click if a thumbnail triggers a feeling inside of them. And whilst all new and small creators spend most of their time obsessing over the fine details of each of their thumbnails, the top creators on the other hand focus all of their time not on the design itself, but on the psychology behind the design. Now, if you don't believe me, you should definitely believe this guy, Patty Galloway, the worldrenowned YouTube strategist, and he recently said exactly the same thing. The first thing I would say is a thumbnail to me is at least 80 maybe 90% the psychology of the click and then maybe 10 20% the actual design of the thumbnail. So for example here are two of my best performing videos. One about shorts and one about trains. Now they might both seem really basic at first glance but they were both really carefully designed and let me explain. So, for the shorts video, I carefully designed this thumbnail to tap into people's emotions. Like when you're trying to grow on YouTube as a small channel, there is nothing worse than posting a video, refreshing the analytics the next day, and then seeing the video has massively flopped and only got a couple of views. And that's what this thumbnail taps into. It taps into that emotional feeling someone gets when they feel disheartened after one of their videos ends up failing. Then the second one, the Indian train video. This was super simple and easy. It probably took me about 10 minutes to make. But basically, I knew that Indian people love their trains and they love to see how western people react to their development. So, for this thumbnail, I wanted to encapsulate the emotion of being shocked and pleasantly surprised, which is exactly what I knew my audience wanted to see, and it made them curious enough to want to click on the video and watch it. But look, these thumbnails are super basic. There's no professional editing here, just pure psychology and emotion. So, now I'm going to teach you how to do this for your own videos. But before I do, here's a really quick message from today's sponsor. Now, a quick message to all my fellow small YouTubers. If you're not using this AI tool, you're missing out on a lot of views. All of the biggest creators on YouTube upload clips daily. And here's the latest trend behind it all. Nexus Clips. It's a viral AI tool that analyzes your videos, picks the best segments, and then creates up to five viral shorts from a single video. It effortlessly repurposes horizontal videos into vertical videos that you can instantly upload as shorts. It also has facial recognition and it can even add animated subtitles automatically. Now, the top creators tried to keep this AI tool a secret, but now we all have access to it. So, hop on this trend whilst it's still hot. So then how to master psychology design. So first of all, it's super important that you understand there's one key psychological trigger that makes people act every time and that is curiosity. Now I touched on this during my last video talking about titles. But curiosity is at its peak when we encounter what's known as a curiosity gap. This is the gap between what we already know and what we want to know. And these gaps work because our brains are wired to seek closure. We hate unfinished thoughts. So when we're presented with a curiosity gap on a thumbnail, our mind has to close it. And the only way we can close it is by clicking on the video and finding out. So here's an example of this. Take this video here by Ryan Draan. The title is I tried every drive-thru's most expensive item. Now, his thumbnail is really basic, like no over-the-top editing or crazy graphics. Just a photo of him, the McDonald's sign, a burger, and some text. That's all it is. But what makes this thumbnail so clickable is the fact he's holding up what looks to be like a secret burger. And then include some text saying instant regret. Now, this will have viewers thinking three things. Number one, what is that burger? Number two, what made him regret it? And number three, what happened after he ate it? These questions alone cause guess what? A curiosity gap. And the only way to resolve that gap is by clicking on the video and finding out. The stronger the gap, the more likely people are to click. Now, it can get super scientific and complex with the way top creators create these gaps. But to simplify it so you guys can easily create a cured gap with your own thumbnails, I'm going to now show you five of the most common ways of making them. And these will apply to pretty much any niche. So, make sure you write them down and use them next time you go to create one. So, firstly, we have the before and after thumbnails. And these are really powerful because they tell a story in just one image, usually a story of transformation. And it's not just about the after because the key here is having the before, which is usually the starting point, as relatable as possible. Something that makes viewers go, "That's me or that's where I'm starting from, too." Then on the other side you show the result which is the after. This then creates a hook. And the real question that every viewer has is what happened in between the before and the after. And this format works across nearly every niche. So if you do this, make sure that the before is relatable and that the after feels aspirational. And the viewer should always want to know how you made that transformation between the two. Then of course we have challenge thumbnails and these are all about tension. This is where you present a difficult task like something hard, intense, or borderline insane. And it makes a viewer go, "Wow, did they actually do this?" Now, the more extreme that the challenge feels, the stronger the curiosity gap becomes like these videos are practically begging to get clicked. And the curiosity comes from questions from the viewers, like what happened during a challenge? Like, did they complete it? And would I be able to do it myself? And humans love challenges. We always want to see how something ends. So, this is always a strong one. And then we have contradiction thumbnails. And these thumbnails are basically designed to make viewers stop and say, "Wait, what?" They work because they break expectations. They show something that doesn't really make sense at first glance, and that creates a mental itch the viewer needs to scratch. These thumbnails naturally feel wrong, but they challenge societal norms, and that's what makes them so clickable. The contradiction creates a puzzle and the only way to solve that puzzle is to click on the video and watch it. Then of course we have novelty thumbnails and these are thumbnails that grab you with weirdness. Like they work because the human brain is wired to notice anything that looks new, different or out of place. It could be something or inspiring. It could be bizarre. It could be hilarious. But the point is we've never seen it before and now we want to know more. The key to novelty thumbnails is simplicity. You don't need 10 crazy elements. You just need one thing that makes people stop and go, "Wait, what am I looking at? What is that?" And that is a novelty gap. And finally, we have result thumbnails. Now, these thumbnails show the final result of a journey. And they leave viewers wondering how you got there. Like, they work especially well in transformation, success, or money related niches. But they can be applied in almost any area where progress or outcome matters. And the curiosity comes from two places. One, how did they do it? And two, can I do it, too? The result thumbnails are all about aspiration. They should feel possible, but not easy. That's what drives a click. So, there you have it. There are five of the most popular psychological designs you can include in your thumbnails. But having the best curiosity gap in the world means nothing if no one notices your thumbnail in the first place. Because every single time someone loads up the YouTube home feed, they will be faced with tons of content that's all trying to grab their attention at the same time. And as humans, we naturally tune out almost everything unless something disrupts our attention. So the vast majority of thumbnails on YouTube will simply just get scrolled past without a second thought. But all of the top creators know exactly how to disrupt visual patterns and grab attention. And that's where attention triggers come in. And attention triggers are basically really simple little hacks that are able to grab a viewer's attention when they're scrolling on the YouTube home feed. Now, before I give you some examples, I actually very recently ran a poll asking you guys if you watch YouTube on light mode or dark mode. And 3/4 of you actually said you watch on dark mode. So, one point here is you should always consider how your thumbnails will stand out on dark backgrounds and light backgrounds too because many of you guys actually watch on dark mode. So, the contrast between your thumbnail and a dark background always needs a pop. So, keep that in mind. But here are some examples of attention triggers you should be using in your next thumbnails. So, first up, we have faces. Now, as humans, we are biologically wired to notice faces. It's one of the first things our brains are trained to recognize. But it's not just any face that works. The most effective thumbnails use clear, expressive faces showing strong emotion. Things like shock, fear, joy, confusion. These emotional cues make us instinctively pay attention because they help us to understand what a person's feeling and what that video might be about. So just using a boring smile on all of your videos with no facial expression won't cut it. The expression you need to include needs to match the emotion of that particular video. Like this thumbnail worked really well for me because the face I'm pulling matched the negative emotion encapsulated by that video topic. Like it wouldn't have worked if I had a smiling face or a laughing face for example. Then of course we have famous people. Now, this is where it gets interesting because our brains will subconsciously prioritize faces we're already familiar with. So, people like celebrities, influencers, athletes, friends, or even viral personalities act like immediate attention triggers. Now, of course, you should only ever include someone's face on your thumbnail if you actually include them in the video, too. If not, and you do include someone's face on your thumbnail that's not included, your audience will think you've just clickbaited them and they won't be happy. But if you do feature or talk about a famous person, for example, in your video, I would always 100% recommend you include them in your thumbnail, too. Then the next attention trigger is big numbers. That's because numbers create instant mental shortcuts. Seeing things like 100 thousand or zero to a million instantly communicates value without needing any extra context. They're really quick. They're easy to process and they trigger questions like how did they make that much? What happened in the journey? And can I do it too kind of thing. Now these types of attention triggers obviously work even better paired with a powerful topic like money, time or transformation. That's why finance and challenge videos often go viral. Next, we have familiar visuals. So when you include recognizable icons like the YouTube logo or Instagram likes or PayPal payments or even Shopify notifications for instance, they can act as visual magnets. Like we've seen these icons thousands of times before in our everyday life. So the seconds they appear in a thumbnail, our brains light up. But again, look, I'd only ever include any of these logos or icons if they actually feature in your video. Then we have aesthetics. These types of thumbnails are usually really quite simple, but require a lot of skill to get it right. They work because humans are naturally drawn to things like beauty, clean composition, balanced colors, and clear subjects. Because aesthetically pleasing visuals feel good to look at. They trigger a tiny dopamine hit in our brain. But in this case, it's not just about looking nice. It's about creating a thumbnail that feels effortless to exhort. And this is why those kind of thumbnails you see in the tech space or even the travel space work really, really well. But of course, you're going to need a really good camera and some good Photoshop skills for this kind of attention trigger. Then finally, we have movement, danger, or drama. Now, as humans, our brains have evolved over time to notice things like sudden motion, potential threats, or unusual events because in the past, missing one of those could have meant instant death for us. that primal wiring our brains have still works today. So this means thumbnails that show chaos, conflict or physical movement are able to grab people's attention fast. Think things like explosions, people running, near misses, war, traumatic stunts, or even someone midfall. Our brain screams to us, "Wait, what's going on there?" And that's exactly what gets the click. So there you have it. There are the six main attention triggers that all of the top creators use. subtly in their thumbnails. But what's really important here is that you should never try and include all of them at once because using too many attention triggers can actually overwhelm the viewer. Most viral thumbnails rely on just two to three triggers max. So the real skill here is not only knowing what to include, but also what to leave out as well. Okay, so now you might be thinking, how exactly do I include a curiosity gap and attention triggers into a single thumbnail? like how exactly should I lay it all out? Well, this is actually where design anatomy comes in and at its core, thumbnail design is about two things. One is what you include, and two is how you include it. And most high-erforming thumbnails are really simple, but they're extremely carefully created with design anatomy in mind. Now, there are in fact three main styles that creators use most when it comes to thumbnail layout. And the first one is split screen. So pretty much like A versus B. This is most commonly used in transformation or comparison thumbnails. Basically, it's where you show two contrasting sides. For instance, before and after, cheap versus expensive, old versus new, side by side. Now, the split design of these thumbnails naturally creates tension and curiosity and can illustrate the journey from A to B within a thumbnail. These are really quite popular and I've used a lot of these in the past as well. Then we have offset which is like asymmetrical and this one follows a rule of third placing the subject on either the left or the right third of the screen. Now this layout gives your thumbnail breathing room and allows space for text supporting visuals or directional cues like arrows and lines. Now this is actually my favorite. If you look at most of my thumbnails I use this composition a lot. And then finally we have centered which is symmetrical. This is where the main character or object sits right in the middle of the frame. It's balanced, it's clean, and it draws instant focus. Now, this layout is perfect for challenges, big results, or reaction style videos. So, if there's a particular focus in a video that you want to highlight within your thumbnail, this can be really useful. But there you go. Those are the three main ways all of the top creators will arrange their thumbnails. So, I'd suggest giving them a try. Okay, then. Now, the last step of this whole thumbnail creation process. When you've finally created something you think is going to work, there's a couple of little tests I would do quickly to evaluate it because a big thumbnail on a big screen usually looks great. But over 70% of YouTube viewers come from mobile. So, we need to see how our thumbnails look when they're really small. Now, the tool I use for this is thumbsup.tv. It's free and all you have to do is upload a picture of your thumbnail, paste in your title, and then down here you can see how your thumbnail is going to look on all of the different screens like homepage, suggested, mobile, and all of that. So, let's say if you have text on your thumbnail and it becomes really hard to read on a small screen when your thumbnail is minimized, I would change it immediately. And one thing to always remember is that your title and thumbnail should complement each other, not repeat each other. And then finally, we have the flash test. Again, this is also free, but this is where you show your thumbnail to someone, either a friend or a family member, for just 2 seconds and ask them what they saw. If the concept of the thumbnail wasn't visible in 2 seconds, it's not going to work. Because remember, when someone scrolls through the home feed or the suggested tab, they're really quickly skimming every title thumbnail, and they'll never spend more than 2 seconds doing so. So, we want to emulate this as a test. Now, if this video has finally helped thumbnails start to make sense for you, and you're starting to realize just how important they are, then you're going to love this. Now, I've built a short, high impact course that teaches you exactly how to design thumbnails that actually gets clicked. Now, you'll learn things like proven curiosity triggers, layout tips, emotional psychology, and tons of real world examples that you can literally just copy and use today. And just for watching this video until the end, you'll get 50% off the next 24 hours. So, click on the link in the description in the pinned comment and I'll see you inside the course. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [41 likes]: Take 50% off my Titles & Thumbnails Mastery Course here: https://www.ytwacademy.com/products/title-thumbnail-mastery-copy
  2. @CoconutAcreHomesteadSWFL: Another great video!  I implemented the scheduling and a short after watching your shorts video just yesterday, slapped together a short while watching, posted on a schedule and BOOM!  140 views in just 5 hours.  Now that still is not much but I only started last week.  Thank you so much for helping us newbees in this space.
  3. @BackpackBim: Love this video, super helpful thank you for sharing! Could you do one specifically for the travel niche/cinematic content please? I don’t see any growth YouTuber do videos about this kind of content
  4. @cal3_bm: crazy how one small thumbnail change can literally decide if a video flies or dies 😭
  5. @Heartsong506: Really good content. I haven’t seen this specific lesson anywhere else, so it stands out as giving value to us, the viewer. Thank you!
  6. @youssoufrider: nice
  7. @lonceysyoutubecreators: Thanks so much man, this is an absolute gold tutorial and a must save to a how to do YouTube playlist 😊❤
  8. @KairoHqq: Let’s grow together guys. 🎉❤
  9. @SweetCandyTime: I took your advice on the thumbnails, thanks 🙏🏽
  10. @JaeBoogieBoogs: Yes, the reason why I clicked on this video is not because deep down I feel my thumbnails aren’t working…. I know my thumbnails aren’t working and it’s not YouTube’s fault they are pushing my videos but people are just not clicking so my views are suffering and it’s painful to put in so much work and fall short due to a thumbnail…
  11. @Recovered-rm2mg: You did not even tell us how to make one?
  12. @CelticMickTravels: That is why I outsourced to Bangladesh 😂
  13. @EstherNdeda-1: ❤ I am at 3 subscribers
  14. @niksha992: Ok what about gaming?
  15. @gosiakrokos: Thank you for the tips . I wish us all a great success 🤩 Best wishes .
  16. @XB700: What is a thumb nail?  Where can I access it, from a viewer's perspective?  Thumbnail vs. Description?
  17. @VidaPausa: Mi celular está mal y abrió este video 😂
  18. @mejiamade: super helpful 🙏🏽
  19. @StickThoughtsUS: i will success!
  20. @MsShadowrealm: All those "attention grabbing" thumbnail examples do the complete opposite to me. I see them and want to avoid them.

- 6 Thumbnail Psychology Tricks that FORCE You to Click: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube is a video platform. People come for the content. And yet, we seem to forget that before you can get people to watch, you need people to click because the YouTube algorithm only cares about one thing. Does your thumbnail grab the viewer and force them to click? And this is the secret only big creators understand. They aren't masters of content. They're masters of clickbait. Golden items, cluster of color, crazy faces. I found the cheat codes. Six design secrets that will instantly level up your next thumbnail. And the first one is the two hook rule. Because if no one's clicking right now, that means your thumbnails are too basic. And the way to fix this is to stack hooks in your thumbnail. Take this video from Nick to Giovani where he tries to cook a whole cow. Most creators would make a thumbnail like this one on the left. Just show the entire cow in the thumbnail. Easy peasy, right? But look at what Nick did. Besides showing the whole cow, he also added a second hook. A tiny jarring detail in the form of the cow's you know what. It's gross. It's unexpected. and your brain can't unsee it. That tiny detail made the whole video way more clickable. And it got 20 million views while everyone else got 3 million on the exact same video. It's what I call a what the detail, a second layer in the thumbnail that makes people go, "What the fuck?" It's not about making crude thumbnails. It's about surprising the viewer's brain, adding a second reason to click. So, how exactly do you do this? Well, for every thumbnail you make, spend 10 minutes brainstorming extra hooks you can sneak into your thumbnail. Now, it's impossible to find a strong what the detail for every thumbnail. So, here's where cheat code number two comes in. The unique angle hack. This is a secret big YouTubers abuse. Ryan Treyan, Mr. Beast, and Mark Robber all use this trick. I've done a lot of testing on this and I found that just shooting your thumbnail from an odd angle can make your thumbnail way more clickable. Take this video that went mega viral recently. It's about playing a video game for 30 days. Most YouTubers would have done something like this. an average-looking thumbnail using a flat eyele perspective, something we see in most thumbnails today. But this creator used a top-down perspective. But why is that important? Well, choosing a unique angle makes the thumbnail stand out because it feels different. Just look at it on the homepage. It stands out compared to everything else. And this doesn't just work with top- down perspectives. You can do angles like 2D, upwards, downwards. The key is to think of thumbnails in a virtual setting. If you have a main action, imagine there's a virtual camera you can move around from different angles to see what pops out the most. This will make your thumbnails way better than anything else on the market. Okay, so we've talked about the what the detail and thumbnail angles, but this next cheat code is so strong, I think YouTube might make it illegal. You need to fix lowanging fruit. See, after running hundreds of tests, I found three easy design changes that make your thumbnails way more clickable. First, make the subject pop. This is the thumbnail before you made the subject pop. It's really hard to make out the shoes. Now, here it is after. We made the color way brighter and it pops out way more. But why does this matter? Well, if the thumbnail stands out more, the viewers see it faster, which means they'll understand and click the thumbnail faster. This trick is really easy to do. Just blur or darken the background and the subject will pop. The second lowanging fruit is removing distracting elements. This is a thumbnail with distracting elements. All these feet right here. And this is the thumbnail without distracting elements. much easier to understand. Why? Because distracting elements add more complexity to the thumbnail, and the longer the viewer takes to figure out what's going on, the more likely they are to click on another video. The third lowhanging fruit is using the realism trick. Take these two thumbnails. Both of them use the same photo of James Charles, but one of them looks fake. The lighting is off, and the angle of the head is wrong. From our testing, we've seen that fake looking thumbnails get less views. Because when a thumbnail is obviously Photoshop, viewers assume it's clickbait, and then they don't click. So, make your thumbnails look like they happened in real life. There are exceptions to this, but for most thumbnails, this rule holds true. Gode number four is the art of thumbnail branding because the colors, fonts, and aesthetic of your thumbnail can unlock a bunch of extra views if you do it right. Take for example the channel Diary of a CEO. Look at his iconic thumbnail format. Black background, white text, and red highlight color. This all comes together to create a really unique brand that sticks out from other creators. It's funny. As a kid, I used to think that branding was a bunch of BS YouTube advice. The color of your profile picture and thumbnail doesn't increase views. And yes, your branding doesn't get you new views, but it can get you returning viewers. If we dive into the data and science behind this, it's really interesting. Obviously, we have new viewers, people who haven't seen your content yet. Then we have casuals. Casuals are people who occasionally watch your broad, more appealing videos. And hardcore are the diehard fans that watch every video. Now, your thumbnail's branding taps into the hardcore fans using something I call familiarity bias. Have you ever seen a Mr. Beast thumbnail in your feed and then instantly clicked without really reading the title? Not just Mr. Beast, but any creator you like. The instant click phenomenon is hardcore fans recognizing the branding of the creator they love and instantly clicking. Now, creating a unique branding style can be complicated, but I made this dock to break it down. First, pick a main color. This is the color you'll be using across your entire channel, not just thumbnails, but profile edits, etc. The next two colors need to be basic. Think black, gray, white. Colors that'll make your main color pop more. Finally, pick the highlight color, which you'll use to emphasize stuff. Boom. Colors done forever. Next is the font. This can literally be any style of font, but specifically pick a font that matches the vibe you're trying to sell in your content. If you're trying to look professional, pick a clean font. If you're trying to give off more friend vibes, use a more flowy font. Finally, the aesthetic of your thumbnails. This needs to be a look that stays consistent with every video. Again, pick something that matches your content's vibe. If you're giving one-on-one personal advice to people your age, use a simple raw photo. If you're teaching complex information, have you plus a whiteboard in the background. It's that simple. You're not going to find the perfect branding right away. So, keep experimenting until you find something that works for you. Now, focus up, cuz this next cheat code is a gamecher. Have you ever had a great idea, but when you go to make it into a thumbnail, it just looks horrendous? Well, I found the solution that turns an idea into a banger visual. It's all about how you space thumbnail elements. Stick with me because this is going to blow your mind. Look at this Ryan Treyan Lonely Island thumbnail. It's a solid thumbnail. The tiny island matches the title. But there's a simple trick that makes it way stronger. Watch what happens when we zoom out and surround the island with more ocean. Suddenly, the island feels smaller, lonier, and way more clickable. That one shift changes the entire emotion of the thumbnail. But more importantly, when used properly, it can shine a spotlight on whatever elements you want the viewer to see. To prove this, let's run a simple test. In 3 seconds, I'm going to flash the screen with a bunch of different thumbnails. I want you to identify which one pulls your attention first. Ready? Go. Now, most of you probably focused on this thumbnail. But how did I know that? Well, it's because of the dead space. The thumbnail stood out on the homepage because of how simple it was compared to the other thumbnails. The reason this stuff works is because you're controlling the space in the image, using it to grab viewers attention, and then pulling their eyes towards the most interesting element. One of the more common ways of using this is a technique called the rule of thirds. Take a 3x3 line grid and slap it over an image. You want the main elements in your thumbnail to align with the different grid lines. It makes your thumbnail look more visually appealing. So, when you make your next thumbnail, don't make it cluttered. Add some dead space around the most important element and watch it magically pop. And finally, for the last section here, how to guarantee viral thumbnails. Add a rainbow. Rainbows overperform across kids content, tech, gaming, food, way more niches than you'd expect. But before you click off and say, "Yo, this guy's an idiot." Let me explain. This hack isn't actually about rainbows. It's about spotting objects that consistently get high views, like a rainbow, and then reusing them in your thumbnails. I call this visual triggers. objects like devil horns, melting symbols, or this knocking at the door format. They've all gotten crazy views on different channels in different niches. Why throw random elements in your thumbnails when you can use proven visual triggers that have literally gotten millions of views? Now, the key thing is to catalog these visuals every time you see them. So, the next time you make a thumbnail, you don't need to start from scratch. You can pull from a library of proven objects. I really believe if you make thumbnails across a hundred videos and actually try to improve each time, it's literally impossible for your thumbnails to suck. You'll slowly start to learn what works well as you test and optimize your thumbnails. Now, if you want more help making your own thumbnails, check out my free newsletter where I roast people's thumbnails every week. I'll throw a link in the description. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tobystrategy [8 likes]: if you'd like more youtube sauce, sign up for my newsletter: https://dub.sh/thumbnailtricks
  2. @Wunjo369 [1 likes]: Nice 👍👍
  3. @dailysillyanimal: pretty sure 90% of the potensial viewrs didnt watch the video for the only purpose of not clicking because in the thumbnail it says forces you to click
  4. @Pedro-San70s: I just clicked to say, this thumbnail sucks.
  5. @AlexRedt9ne: 0:23: no you didn't
  6. @reset.editxx: this is the most valuable video I've ever watched
  7. @EdMonks: brilliant video
  8. @mundocurioso7468: My friend is adding a Portuguese track to his videos.
  9. @mdxsadiq8050: Doubt - how to differentiate extra hook and distractions
  10. @poprecordsofficial: thanks man, it help a lot
  11. @cooolmantle: Aah I seee
  12. @ThereWillBeDubs: You can roast mine if you want 😅🤷‍♂️
  13. @J_TW: great video
  14. @CrazyCobraCC: I clicked the thumbnail because I was so confused by what I was seeing.

Why the hell is this guy shooting paint through a gun at a guy’s face?
  15. @tog_podcast: I’ve been looking at thumbnails for a min I’m slowly getting better 🤷🏽‍♂️
  16. @xscry: it's valuable. great
  17. @Neillusion: Didn’t click sorry 😤
  18. @knottage: Maybe one day I'll have 17k views on a video
  19. @LGmaster7: I appreciate the tips, good job
  20. @benssbm: will be using this

- MrBeast Ruined YouTube Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, good. You clicked the video. That means that was a good thumbnail. Make a note, boys. Thank you. So, listen. If you're anything like me, then I will hunt you down and destroy you. Can't have clones running around unaccounted for. But also, if you're anything like me, you love browser plugins. Voluntarily infect my browser with a virus. Yes, please. There's this one plugin that exists called YouTube Mr. Beastify. And what it does is that it adds Mr. Beast's face to every YouTube thumbnail. Here's Mr. Beast in Skippy Toilet, which is a thing I refuse to learn more about. Here's Mr. Beast potty training in Coco Melon. Here's Mr. Beast with Mr. Beast. Oh, that's a crazy collab. I didn't know they knew each other. The thing about this plugin though is that it almost feels unnecessary because the Mr. Beast thumbnail style has spread through YouTube like a virus. Like one of the hundreds of viruses I got from my plug-in obsession. I should really stop granting those permission to take over my browser. If you've been on the YouTube trending page recently, you've seen his influence. All these weird, oversaturated smiles and freaking over-the-top expressions with a little sprinkle of uncanny valley. So many creators emulate this style now. And YouTube thumbnails over the past couple years. They often hurt my eyes and my soul. And I blame Mr. Beast, but also I kind of don't because you see Mr. Beast was inevitable. Not like in a foretold prophecy kind of way. I don't think there were any ancient scrolls with feastables ads on them, but in the way that once YouTube's algorithm started to focus on monetization over authenticity, somebody was bound to analyze the crap out of every aspect of their videos and maximize profits over fun or pleasure or any human feeling for themselves. Money, money, money, money, money, money. Somebody was bound to tie the YouTube algorithm to a chair naked and smack it in the balls with knotted up rope over and over and over again until it told them what it wants. Which is exactly what Mr. Beast did probably metaphorically. If he didn't do it, somebody else would have. But oh boy, did he do it, then does he do it. And the way Mr. Beast optimizes is kind of fascinating. Fascinating in the way that watching mold grow on garbage is fascinating. You can't look away, especially if you're 8 years old and it's probably not good for you to be around for too long. Today, I'm focusing specifically on Mr. Beast's thumbnails cuz it's a great microcosm for what he does with everything. And because microcosm was my word on my word of the day calendar. Yesterday's word was defenistrate, but I couldn't figure out a video concept for that. So, that went out the window. Oh. Anyway, Mr. Beast and his team are hardcore about their thumbnails. He reportedly spends $10,000 on each one. I would sell you my actual thumbnail for $10,000. He's got like a sixperson team working exclusively on thumbnails, probably more by now. That's an entire hockey team lineup worth of people cranking out thumbnails when they should be out on the ice playing hockey. What are six people doing to make one tiny picture that disappears the moment you click on it? Well, they're not just making one of them, you fools. According to one of the top executives at Mr. Beast headquarters, the team comes up with around 50 thumbnail and title concepts per video. Then they go live with their favorite 20 versions of that picture and do AB testing to figure out what people click on. I have a just as intense strategy where I make thumbnails in Adobe Premiere and then export a screen grab because I'm too lazy to open Photoshop. The Beast team, on the other hand, I'm almost sure they're opening up Photoshop. Somebody on Reddit actually compiled a thumbnail progression of one of Mr. Beast's videos that went through 108 different thumbnails. What the hell? That looks like one of those I took a picture every day for 10 years videos. [Music] Is that what that looks like? I don't know. I don't know. Some of the changes in the thumbnails are super minor. Some of the people in the videos are minors as well. Black shirt to white shirt to black shirt. A slight push in. This guy changes different person face. Change the face. Everything is so precise and meticulous. It's like he has a NASA ground control team monitoring his YouTube analytics. That's a views per hours count going down. Somebody make Jimmy's eyes wider and less humanl looking. Okay, so they're making anywhere between 50 and infinity thumbnails per video. But through all those changes, there are similarities that have come to be known as Mr. Beast's house style, his own special house dressing, and he's basically described it himself. A good thumbnail accurately describes the content within the video, has a clear focus, and includes bright colors. He's not lying. Look at these Mr. Beast nails. Those are some bright colors. My kids box of Crayola crayons retired in shame after seeing some of those thumbnails. Time to pack it in, boys. We had a good run. you, Red. We never liked you. Yeah, eat, Red. Whoa. Where is this even coming from? You brought it on yourself when you went on Epstein's plane. I told you we were friends in college and I had no idea what was going on there. Get out. Get out. This is And don't you even think I'm not going to the press with all the crap you guys have done. Guys, we can't have all that stuff leak about us. If I'm going down, I'm taking you all down with me. What was I talking about? Oh yeah, Mr. Beast thumbnails are have s highly saturated colors. What was that crayon thing about? Another thing he focuses on is finding the right facial expression. Until a couple years ago, Mr. Beast had a lot of thumbnails where he was pointing at stuff like this. And I can only assume he was making this noise during those photo shoots. Then one day, Mr. Tweet beasted this. Flip that. I closed my mouth on all my thumbnails and the watch time went up on every video. Lol. That's like a cool chill guy. I'm not a crazy person way of describing it. The way one of his executives described it in an interview is quote, "I was the one fighting internally for a mouth open." And Jimmy kept talking to me and saying, "I think we should close the mouth." And then as soon as AB testing came out, he was like, "Let's run the test." And I was like, "Awesome, let's do it." And it was funny because the change was insane because we did it for about 30 videos and all 30 of them with a closed mouth actually led to higher watch time. It was a small difference in overall time, but 30 in a row gave us the signal. They're out here having strategy meetings about this guy's mouth openness. No, that's not sustainable. I can't deprive my fans of my teeth and gums and my tongue. I know that's what you're all here for. But this gets at what I'm talking about. But I was willing to sew my mouth closed forever for a second there because this kind of optimizing isn't limited to his thumbnails. Here's a quote from the beast himself. Every element of a video from the idea to the title to the thumbnail to the intro is broken down and analyzed. This allows the team to reverse engineer why certain videos succeed and optimize future content. And you know what reverse engineer is? That's right, it's reing. And it works. He's rewarded handsomely for his rein efforts. And because it works, everyone does their thumbnails kind of like him. It's like whoever said hello on the telephone first. It worked so everybody else fell in line. Pork and beans. Hello. Whoa. What the hell? I know, right? Way better than saying pork and beans. Yeah, it makes no sense that we were saying that. Saying a hello is way better. Hello. Hello. BC Boy has irrevocably changed the website by finding out what makes the algorithm tick and then going all in on that. All in. In fact, you kind of have to play the beast game a little bit if you want your videos to get views. I don't love the fact that after I make a video, I need to be like, "hm, what wacky expression will draw people's eyes on YouTube, which is how I speak when I'm on my own." Oh, wow. I wonder what is so awful that it's making Ryan make this face. Get out of here, me. I would love if I didn't have to do that, but as a YouTubman, I kind of have to do that crap. The algorithm pleasing is something we have to do, and it sucks cuz it's really mathematical and push buttony and less based on inspiration and creativity. Honestly, I have ideas for sketches that I think would be funny, but I don't make them cuz I know they wouldn't perform well. Like a sketch set in a library in a world where people make fart noises instead of shushing each other. Absolutely. Yeah. No, I could be there at that time. That sounds good. No. Yeah. Yeah. No. Absolutely. You're right. No, you're right. Sorry. Sorry. Thank you. Oh my god. Excuse me. See, I had to hide that minutes deep into a video about Mr. Beast, and that was the best thing I've ever made. If I'm ever going to win an Oscar, it's for that. Anyway, like I said before, I don't really blame Mr. Beast because this is the nature of the beast. That was a confusing sentence. Cuz Mr. Beast is giving the algorithm what it wants, but the algorithm is a reflection of what we respond to. But when you have over a 100 million people responding to something, you're kind of optimizing for the most generally appealing thing, which is candy. And it's not good for you, but it's nice in the moment, and you will feel sick after consuming too much of it. YouTube's not measuring enjoyment. It's like Coco Melon trying to beat the Distratotron. YouTube's watch time, baby. It's measuring what will make you not look away. So, I think we need a new metric. Instead of an instant view or a like, how about we live our lives? How about we watch our kid take their first steps, watch them graduate from school? How about we live a full life and then when we're on our deathbed, we look back and think, "Hey, did that YouTube video make my life better?" And if it did, we give it a big yes. Because at the end of the day, a life well-lived is what it's all about. No, that doesn't make any sense. Actually, how do you how would you execute that? Never mind. Forget I brought that up. That was stupid. Oh, look. Mr. Beast launched a new tool that lets you copy other people's thumbnails and put your face on them using AI. I hate it here. Hi there. Hello. Please hit that subscribe button. And I am a disembodied head. So you can trust me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CeirusAvalon [2 likes]: I don't use youtube thumbnails, I have an extension that just uses a still snippet from the video.
  2. @Maynardcomau [1 likes]: I don’t really know who he is. I’ll keep it that way. With my mouth open.
  3. @danroche1: I would watch the fart library thing
  4. @pearlsbeforeswine60: It might make you happy to know that I have no idea who Mr.Beast is. None. Heard of him, but that's as far as it goes.
  5. @TheNymphillon: That thumbnail made me like your video… before watching it 💵😁💵
  6. @huckwalton2307: Ironically, this is the first Ryan George video that auto played for me.
  7. @juani97wolf: RIck and Morty reference about clones. Salutes from a fellow high IQ person.
  8. @EyeAmL3: As a brand new 41 year old streamer who is also lazy af, youll never catch me crafting thumbnails or caring about such garbage. Ill pry never make a buck either....
  9. @Sigma10-c1k: How many death threats does mr beast actually get a week ?
  10. @beckettvlogs347: i never thought i'd hear ryan say "epstein"
  11. @JaeBoogieBoogs: Who do you blame when YouTube is giving you impressions about your thumbnail is not good enough to make people click it???
  12. @plstmb6000: On the other side

I HATE rain and lightning edited into outdoor and camping videos, especially when the video is clearly inside a tent or van not outside where the raidrops are.
  13. @Bear_in_mind.: 2:26 this very possibly my favorite joke you’ve ever made
  14. @UnclePhil73: Officially petitioning for the fart sound video to be made!
  15. @buckmurdock2025: When that guy started appearing on most of the media I consumed, I promised myself I would not fall victim to the algorithm. Now I have spent 9 minutes of my time in his honor. Doesn't matter if it was a roast or not.
  16. @sidneyvictor7887: Anything that looks like that I know is ment for kids so I don't click
  17. @GiulerPowerGamer: I'm so glad that I never ever watched a Mr. Beast Video
  18. @germanvisitor2: Oh wow! A actually good fart joke.
  19. @foolishmestudios: Yeah Jimmy is really good at playing the algorithm. But his videos lack quality so I ain't gona watch lol
  20. @ErikEhrhardt: Who is mr. Beast?

- YouTube's Controversial Homepage Redesign: Users Outraged Over Thumbnail Size Change!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Game Bite, where we bring you the latest updates from the gaming and tech world. Today, we're diving into a significant controversy surrounding YouTube's recent homepage redesign. Users are buzzing with complaints after the platform altered the appearance of thumbnails on their homepages, leaving many scratching their heads as to why this change was deemed necessary. YouTube regularly tweaks its interface and algorithm, often leading to mixed reactions from its user base. While some changes have been embraced, many fans express their frustrations, hoping that their voices will inspire YouTube to reconsider and reverse these modifications. Recently, after YouTube began implementing age restrictions on content, specifically videos from the creator Bilatro, Local Funk shared insights about the platform's policies regarding gambling. However, the real stir comes from a noticeable change in thumbnail sizes on the desktop version of YouTube. Reports indicate that many users are now only able to view two or three videos per row, drastically reducing visibility without scrolling. Screenshots captured by frustrated viewers show instances where only four total video thumbnails are displayed at once. Social media is rife with feedback about this new layout. Some users have resorted to zooming out their browsers just to regain the previous viewing experience, while others have taken to using third party tools to customize their YouTube layout. The severity of the change has even led many to question if it's a bug rather than a deliberate design choice. As of now, YouTube has remained silent on the matter. Past experiences have shown that while user feedback can sometimes prompt YouTube to revert changes, like when dislikes were removed or when concerns arose about the rise of YouTube shorts, the platform does not always acquies to user demands. With the new thumbnail sizes hindering the discovery of videos, we can only hope that YouTube listens and considers returning to the older layout or at the very least provides users with more customization options. Stay tuned to Gamebite for more updates on this developing story and let us know in the comments how you feel about this recent change to YouTube's homepage.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NabiruBogdan [5 likes]: i freaking hate it 
there should be a OPT IN option
  2. @susanowen1709 [3 likes]: Add me to the list of folks who hate this "feature."  I thought it was a glitch & have been trying to figure out how to get it back to "normal" without making the sidebar with subscriptions, etc. so tiny that it can't be read.  Really would like to know what TPTB were thinking with this ridiculous change.
  3. @marcc2474 [2 likes]: It totally SUCKS!
  4. @michaelnicholson297 [2 likes]: Exactly, just give us the option to change it. i preferred being able to see dozens per page
  5. @AlfaReed [2 likes]: I have a 4k 27inch monitor ,now I only see 4 thumbnail in a row, I usually have six or more ,  now I have to keep scrolling to see more thumbnail , and also there is a lot wasted space on both side .win 10 user here.
  6. @vdog387 [1 likes]: Youtue chamge is bull💩
  7. @Nico-uit-brabant [1 likes]: Both homepage and algorithm are broken.
I only see thumbs of older or really old video's
Hardly any recent video's of channels I have a subscription for.
  8. @kbuhl6568: Me, too! I use YouTube less, more like a part time job, as apposed to a relax break
  9. @mazaltawab9360: Im canceling premium, until they fix this
  10. @chuckrose3894: What could be so hard about putting an option in the settings so the user can CHOOSE the thumbnail size?  Sometimes Google can be just plain evil (and yes I'm a "Premium" member)?  For crying out loud, I'm paying them to avoid ads, why can't they just leave things be or at least allow us to choose which size to have.
  11. @kotap9929: I hate it!
  12. @betaparma: Bloody Idiots !  The decision makers on this change should be subjected to formal disciplinary action
  13. @fuzzlestick: It's total bullshit.
  14. @mrx-in4xh: If anyone has a hack on how to reduce thumbnail size, please let us know..thank you, yet another seemingly useless annoyance, which I'm sure must be driven by some revenue-generating reason
  15. @cheathubv2: please is there a fix or way around??
  16. @GUILDAMESH: I ABSOLUTELY HATE !!!!!!!

- How To Make Controversy Thumbnail ||Controversy Thumbnail kaise bnaye 🔥🔥: Kind: captions Language: en Friends, in this video we are going to learn how to make a controversy thumbnail because since few days there has been a lot of counter-bharti on YouTube, so I thought of making a controversy thumbnail tutorial. Friends, if you like the video then subscribe to the channel and like the video. If you want a tutorial on any topic then you will find the Instagram link in the description. You can DM there or comment. After opening, delete this new text. Click on the three dots above and click on image size and select the YouTube channel by clicking on custom. Click on the fourth option from the bottom. Click on dark color and go to gradient and click on the plus icon. In this icon, take black color and click ok. In this icon, take this color and do both. Then again click on the second option from the bottom and click on next. You have to write your text here [music] and click ok. In this, take a nice font. The link of this font will be found in the description. You have to click on the dark color and click on the gradient and click on the plus and in this icon you have to take the black color and click on it and click on it and in the cycle you have to take the red color and click on it and tick it and click on it and click on it and click on the stroke color and make the stroke color white and fold the stroke width and adjust it like this and lock it and click on it and click on the cold option below and if you want to take your character then I will take it and click on the shadow and enable it and increase the blur radius and tick it and similarly if you want to take the second character then I will take it and put a shadow in it too and lock both the characters and click on import and in the description of the video you will find a PNG link so take it and adjust it like this and enable the shadow in it too and tick it If you want to give it, click on import and you will find a link of a red lance in the description, so take that and place it on the eyes of both the characters, so I will do it [Music] If you want to give it, click on import and you will find a link of another PNG in the description, so take that and adjust it like this in the video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anujks.45 [3 likes]: Fact Thumbnail Ke Uper Video Banao Bhai Please
  2. @II_R3H4N_ll: BHAIYA DOWNLOAD NAHIN HO RHA EK BHI CHEEZ .....

- Shocked face meme? YouTube vs. Reddit #reactionvideos: Kind: captions Language: en what is up YouTube today I'm gonna get right into the YouTube thumbnail face you all know that recently I've been posting about why people are using it what it is from why is everybody so shocked what is going on are people scared is it something I should be using for my channel so I did a little research on this topic because I really wanted to know why is everybody so shocked introducing the YouTube reaction face I call it shock face because I assumed everybody was shocked however they are reactions and we have to decide what are these reactions why are people using them so I did the next best thing I went to Reddit to find out what things were all about because honestly when I first looked at the thumbnails I agree with this article written by darling Wu that they all look the same I'm gonna put the link down in the description so you can read some of these articles so you can see what you think so back to Reddit I thought things looked the same what did everybody else think oh well you know Reddit did not hold back here are some of the things I found out that people were asking or thinking about the thumbnails first I wanted to introduce myself welcome to teaching Trends everybody this is Carla where we talk about all those Trends and trending topics in careers Healthcare and of course YouTube so my research led me to this great thumbnail here that you see about the YouTube thumbnail face a great comic that I saw by last place Comics which actually inspired me to make this video so last placecomics.com and at lastpix Comics if you can see there on Twitter and I see they do have an Instagram account thank you so much you have encouraged me to make this video as I found this on Reddit because this is where I found this particular comic I came across all these other things as you see here on the screen I found that people were looking for different reasons are you more or less likely to click on it so people who were creators or some people were not so nice like why does everyone have the same dumb face other people wanted to know if it increased the click-through rate and like me here was one why is everybody so shocked so I went back to revisit the article that I found by Dan nailon why does everyone on YouTube make the same dumb face and in there he referred to a great article by Jeff ball called your pretty face is going to sell error many people had very opinions from they've seen it done with large channels like the try guys and this type of face has appealed to kids for years which does make sense and others who felt as though putting it was sort of misleading maybe like a bad joke or that it was click bait maybe plugging someone to look at a video when it really wasn't that shocking or maybe just as a reaction phase to get a reaction as I called it so when we think about this reaction phase I started looking more into is there an element of surprise because when it came to this space the try guys have used it PewDiePie has used it even some of those channels that are reaction reacting to other people reacting and for me it reminded me of this surprise phase from we all know this movie from Home Alone in Macaulay Culkin because that's what it reminded me of so I found this article in quotes called why do YouTubers keep using the surprise face thumbnail and I found way more than I thought I was gonna bargain for here you're gonna be quite surprised at something called the soy phase and the origin of the actual soy face it went farther than being shot and you're going to want to stay around to listen to this [Applause] okay so then we talk about this soy face which has kind of existed forever and in this article by clothes it explains why it's called the soy face so there's an incorrect connection between soy products and the low testosterone or declining testosterone levels so while soy does have an estrogenic effect it was just kind of really mild when it came to men however the group of men have been displayed for their love of soy and low testosterone levels and quickly became associated with this dopamine Rush of over stimulating com content on a thumbnail which gave the expression of grown men for women to indicate that it was like a high energy type thing so I know there's like a deep deep dive into that coincidentally however the face actually wound up appealing greatly to kids and kids really like that kind of shocking look they want to click on things many believe that this kind of clicks devalues or degrades the intelligence of the Audience by doing the surprising phase so should you use this space on your thumbnail maybe you should maybe you shouldn't we're gonna look at if this is something you should be using on your thumbnail so a lot of times I'm really looking to talk to people about a topic we get very very excited about okay how am I gonna portray this what's the reaction and is this clickbait so if you are shocked are you letting someone know that by your reaction on your face or is your reaction gonna be indicated as a soy face or are you making your content for kids are you looking at something that maybe reminds you home alone or is this a reaction that you think is valid for your video it's definitely something to consider so in that let me know what you think moving forward should I continue my deep dive into the thumbnail into soy face and if it's clickbait let me know right down here in the comments

  Top Comments:
  1. @OurBusyAussieFamilyOBAF2 [20 likes]: HAHAHAH YES!!!!! I never made the connection to Home Alone until you just said that! YES! Have you heard about the test run YT is doing atm with creators trialing 2 different thumbnails for the one video and which ever thumbnail gets the most clicks from, then that is the thumbnail that YT will keep pushing out? That will be an interesting video for you to research as I'd love to hear what your take on that is 😊
  2. @NotThatTrendyFU [2 likes]: Great video. I hate the thumbnail face and it bothers me with the mouth open. It confuses me. Funny video
  3. @Shadaeprincessinspiration [2 likes]: Missed u❤
  4. @somadinaketchanga2308 [2 likes]: Very informative channel. Thank you.
  5. @al-hameedruqoyah4306 [2 likes]: Thank you, this information is really needed
  6. @Bneymar10 [2 likes]: So nice
  7. @fenomenailesi [1 likes]: 🎉🎉
  8. @MentalMindful [1 likes]: I had no idea you did these types of videos 😂  I had ZERO idea why everyone looked this way and it still seems to be a thing.
  9. @seriouslyoverit2971 [1 likes]: Got this recommended! I think it is hilarious when people think it helps
I just think it looks weird 😅
  10. @Akram-vc6ix [1 likes]: This was great 👌 i always wondered why people did the face.Those kind of thumbnails hook up their attention, that is why emotion is important
  11. @The.Voice.It.Matters [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🌹
  12. @The.Voice.It.Matters [1 likes]: Watching replay❤
  13. @The.Voice.It.Matters [1 likes]: Good Afternoon 👑
Pray all is well 🙌🏾
  14. @bibiafridi4542 [1 likes]: The funny HR memes are sure to get you cracking on a whole new level. Send these hilarious HR memes to your teams and management
  15. @Asima533 [1 likes]: Initially, rather than being drawn to the film, I was a little perplexed by the surprised facial thumbnails. As time has gone on, everyone is starting to look the same, so all I really want is for them to disappear. Time for a fresh concept for a thumbnail, and let the shocked expression go.
  16. @usasadali [1 likes]: Very nice❤❤
  17. @petsandkidstime [1 likes]: Unveiling the truth behind the shocked face meme! This video dives deep into the untold story that many overlook. It's eye-opening to see the hidden narrative behind this viral sensation. Thanks for peeling back the layers and revealing what the community often misses. Here's to uncovering the unexpected in the world of reaction videos! 🤯🎬 #MemeStories #RevealTheTruth
  18. @Homesteadhillbillies: I know every time I come here I learn something new! The reaction face is EVERYWHERE. lol I like the background music too.
  19. @maryrose3295: Lol. This never gets old. I understand this more now that I have been on youtube 😅
  20. @msthabiba5684: Nice video. Keep it up

- Ultimate Expression Library to Save Time on Thumbnails!: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. Heat. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @savannahss08 [2 likes]: Holy golly this is so cool! Thanks for the instructions! This was super helpful!

- Why your Youtube Thumbnails are Sh*t in 2024?  [FULL THUMBNAIL GUIDE]: Kind: captions Language: en here's a graph of one of my clients and this is where he changed the thumbnail of the video the video went from a couple of thousand views to over 3 million I've been working on YouTube for over 13 years now and thumbnails are by far the most important thing about your video we will find out the secret on how to create a viral thumbnail chapter one the composition of a thumbnail before even starting any thumbnail you need to make make sure that the composition in your mind is laid out by this I mean you need to sketch it draw it anything you can the biggest creators on the planet storyboard their thumbnails before even starting the thumbnail here are some popular examples that you can see where people just sketched out the thumbnail and the final result looks like this it should not be perfect just getting an idea of what you're creating so that you can do it yourself or even contact a professional tumade artist our brain is capable of thinking various images images that it can process and you should always make a composition and then take a pen and paper and draw something anything would do here even the biggest animated movies are drawn first on paper and then finalized later this is the first step of making a viral thumbnail for your videos here are 12 types of Click inducing methods that work on YouTube right now according to my experience and you can use them too the first one is the movement trigger a thumbnail that moves inside the head of the viewer this causes the viewer to question the thumbnail for example look at this the text says it's tilting now instantly people are like what is tilting and then you are supplied with the answer in the title of your question always remember that the thumbnails job is to make someone read the title and the title's job is to get someone over the line the oxymoron two opposite things put together this is obvious look at this for example this video has over 3 million views and the thumbnail creates an idea of contrasts a biscuit and a hammer two things that do not go together the title says food that time forgot the ship's biscuit now instantly you're hit with the question why did time forget this biscuit and can it survive a hammer what is a ship's Biscuit the questions flow in the head of the viewer with the thumbnail and then the title confuses you even more the timeline by far the most popular thumbnails on YouTube generally used to show progression throughout the video as a human we love quantifi ability we love the index on the book and this is the same the feeling of the viewer knowing the starting point and the end point of the video gives them confidence to click on the video seeing the transformation in their own way the four easy way to transform your design 300K views the lifechanging transformation at the age of 49 4 million views while their average is 55k on the channel La is transforming a river here is why 817 k views while they just get 8,000 views on your Channel makeup transformations body Transformations these are all over the Internet the getrich business schemes they are everywhere and you know a point of starting and a point of end that's why these thumbnails are effective the color popper thumbnails that act as a stop for the eye of the viewer these thumbnails can only be seen from a distance do you see that the reason why Japan is so rich has over 1 million views while their average on their channel is about 55k in this example the padlock here catches the eye primarily because of a single color in the background and the color popper thumbnails are generally thumbnails that bleed the screen from One Source they are the most clear thumbnails amongst thumbnails these thumbnails are specific to your Niche so let's say if in your Niche people are making thumbnails with a green background your job is to switch them let's say with a white background then you will pop keep in mind when you do this people will start copying you when you get views and you will have to keep adapting to keep popping on the screen the message thumbnails keep in mind these thumbnails are meant to be speaking something that your life needs so people looking for anything in the self-improvement niche in any sector of their life they will get attracted to this if this line right here is solving their problem keep in mind they should think it's going to solve their life and that is the reason why you get the click these videos are the solution to someone and they want to hear the Creator which if they can recognize that's even better but if the quote resonates with them they will watch this video to know how this can help them if they are in the same situation as the Creator the YouTube face thumbnails these thumbnails are mostly the same and you should only use this after you have a certain amount of following so if you are a Creator who gets 3 million views a month this is recommended but if you're a channel who is just starting up and nobody knows your face yet this is not recommended until you have a following Matthew is a very good example here he had many thumbnails like this when he used to get 1 million views a video you can see his face is very small notice how he gradually adds a bigger and bigger face as he started growing and now it's pretty much him covering the whole face of the YouTube videos thumbnail these thumbnails act as logos for Brands so for example if you look at a Nike logo you know it's comfortable to wear or if you look at an under ARA logo you know it's a fitness brand you can even use someone else's face hair like he did if you're not big enough yourself but keep in mind if you're using somebody's face the video should either be about them or should include the famous YouTuber in the video the seductive thumbnails these are the thumbnails that work and will do forever people on the planet are here to reproduce and these thumbnails attract their eyes by the laws of nature and it works for both genders by the way so go go with this strategy at your own risk you might make a lot of money but might never make a brand that will last with this strategy the DIY trick show something in your thumbnails that is weird or impossible and you'll get some serious attention keep in mind that you will get a lot of views from these videos but I have rarely seen people hold this as their branding forever they are too easy to copy and nobody can remember you and you will be catering to kids here if you're thumbnails are too bright but if you have an audience that's 15 and older I would keep the color simple as shown in the examples right here the repetition thumbnails these are used to drag the eye of the viewer because of synchronized chaos humans love patterns and we love when things repeat this is Mr Beast here and the video has gained so many views when switching between different repetition Styles cause so much chaos that it looks like a symphony the life is stuck thumbnail this thumbnail is a direct correlation to the average audience browsing through social media all day when we are stuck in life we switch over to social media to think to use our brains we can't seem to do the task that we want this thumbnail is a direct correlation to that it's like looking in the mirror as humans we have evolved from monkeys and monkeys mirror the emotion you do to them so whenever you see someone in your place you click to know more because you are using social social media to run away from something that you are stuck in so you'll have to click on this to find the solution the 3D thumbnails they are images where you can see a 3D background extending to Infinity these thumbnails make you feel like it's a realistic shot from the video itself but sometimes you can even use Photoshop Elements this thumbnail style you will see all over YouTube and the reason why it's so effective it's because it shows an image and also shows a 3D background that you would love to explore you will see this thumbnail almost everywhere in the top creators to the bottom ones a very effective style to go ahead with and also can be made directly from one of the screenshot in your video if it looks cool you can use it for this style the alloy thumbnails these are basically mix of all the strategies I explained above like this for example it's a color popper plus it's a YouTube face here's another example a color popper with a face and here's my favorite one the repetition with a timeline or 3D with a color popper now we will switch over to an example of an exercise that I want you to write down somewhere let's say your thumbnail is already ready you need to ask yourself this question is this an interesting concept if the answer is yes then you need to ask another question has the viewer in my Niche ever seen this before if the answer is yes to that question then chances are that your video will get lost in the crowd to stand out of the crowd you have to come up with something new we often make fun of the fashion models walking out with their outfits but YouTube is a bit like that innovates so much that everybody just looks at the thumbnail and goes what the hell is that I need to check this out right now but do not overthink your thumbnails once you have a concept go ahead with it upload it and improve bit by bit upload by upload how to get them to click and also coming up with New Concept you need to understand your viewer you need to understand what your viewer wants to click on and then and come up with those ideas like while people are browsing through other thumbnails they need to stop at your thumbnail get interested and then take action always ask this to yourself this is going to be shown to a human and will they be interested in viewing this and then clicking on this and it clearly shows that you guys have just one video Bang and you could never replicate that again so much of your success on YouTube lies on how you break down why the thumbnail worked in the first place and then replicate it how many of you can reverse engineer the success of your videos like do you guys know why do your thumbnails work not only you can use the concepts I showed you earlier you can also select colors that help the viewer digest the thumbnail better yes digest the colors used here are complimentary colors on the color wheel this means when you pick Green the opposite end of the color will pop the most for the eye of the viewer green and purple are really good examples for human evolutionary biology since human humans used to use the color to find fruits back in the day so basically this thumbnail Pops to our eyes like we are about to eat it don't stop here you have triadic colors where you will notice YouTubers mostly using three colors to make it pop sometimes you even find thumbnails that follow a certain pattern in the top half you'll see a pattern in the bottom you'll see another the colors of your thumbnail are certainly important but you do not control everything you need to make the background contrasty enough so that your subject stands out in most cases and we can also see people darkening the background to make things pop now coming over to analyzing the statistics in your dashboard the CTR is what you're looking at whether to find it's a good thumbnail or not the CTR will always tell you that now let's say if the CTR you got was 8.5% this means that 8.5 people clicked on it when the video was shown to 100 people that's why 8.5 % now the problem is the next time YouTube shows it to only 50 people then the CTR jumps from 8.5 to 16 that does not mean the thumbnail got better but I'll explain what it means that just means that YouTube won't push your video anymore because it's probably already available in similar or better qualities by other YouTubers on the platform so remember the CTR of your video is inversely proportional to The Impressions so the more your video gets recommended the lower of a CTR you will have so the wider of an audience it goes to the lower of a CTR you will get in your statistics but this is not the whole story when you just upload the video your CTR will be very high because your core audience your subscribers will view your video first this is why you see a CTR drop just after your video uploads because as YouTube tries to push your videos outside the people who watch the topic of your interest thus the CTR slightly goes down now when YouTube stops pushing your video that means the video is probably [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] now or somebody else just uploaded a better video than that then your impressions start to flatten out and your CTR goes up because they're inversely proportional as I just told you so basically for getting everything to work here together you need to have a good video in the first place better different or something unique compared to the competition that is available right now so don't go changing your thumbnails if you do not know what you're doing you might have seen YouTubers change their thumbnails a lot but then they have also uploaded 500 videos in The Last 5 Years or something that gives them the knowledge to do something like this so please don't go changing your thumbnails if you don't know what you're doing I mean this is all I can tell you regarding CTR the brand development of your thumbnail a very subjective topic a brand of a thumbnail just basically means one single thing that's common amongst all your thumbnails again I'll say one single thing that's common again in all your thumbnails it could be an arrow it could be a text it could be a face it could be an outline anything that is common amongst all your thumbnails even the way you angle your camera if it's the same amongst most of your thumbnails then you are slowly building a brand and YouTubers who put efforts increasingly making similar thumbnails but I repeat similar but different thumbnails every time they have a higher CTR even eventually since let's say if one of their videos blows up it blows up the whole Channel because every video looks the same but different the brand can also be understood by just remembering the last time you saw your favorite YouTuber you can try them again and again and the easier it is to find them the higher CTR they will have because the more better the video they make the whole cycle continues make a good video make a similar thumbnail every time people can find that similar style of thumbnail which is different to other people but same to that guy but still a good thumbnail that everybody can watch then easily people can find that thumbnail and the cycle continues another big topic that needs to be covered is text or no text this is a huge problem on YouTube and it doesn't matter the font it just needs to be a readable font here are some fonts on the screen right now that you can download for your thumbnails if the text on the video is straight up the same as the title of the video it works but what's the point of having two titles at the same place rather make the video in a way that the text in the thumbnail makes the question of the title even more complex for the viewer by complex I mean let's say if you look at this thumbnail it says what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this emotion in your head now if you put day three on it the what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this emotion is now even bigger this is the use of the text on your thumbnail also make sure if you have a logo on your thumbnail or anything that represents an object if the video is based on something that makes sure that the object is way larger than the text or the graphics supporting the object same goes for the faces on the thumbnails if the video is about something other than the face then the face will take lesser region on the thumbnail and if the main object is supporting the title that will be bigger to help to add to the title so the face of the thumbnail not only helps in branding part of the thumbnail as I explained earlier but they also work as texts on thumbnails just like adding to the question to the viewer I mean the faces are not text text but the psychology is similar if they are shouting at something and the title is something that is complimenting that emotion it will work as the day three logic I just explained earlier the next trick I'm going to teach you is something that will blow up on YouTube right now and I believe it's going to stay here for the next 5 years or so so you can abuse it all you want but you have to think your idea of your video beforehand and the trick is a moment before something happen this is a trick that you're seeing all over YouTube right now this is the same as the momentum strategy I explained earlier but this one is on steroids this is a direct question of what is going to happen after this moment the first moment of the video is literally the question posed on the thumbnail so if you want to use this strategy to get millions of views you need to think your moment before something happened record it and then construct a video around it to use this strategy the bigger creators on the platforms I work with are using this strategy with separate teams just working for the few seconds of the video the moment before something happened and other people in their staff are working on the rest of the video now there is a problem with this strategy though if the thumbnail in this looks like any way Photoshop then it's impossible for the viewer to click on this the thumbnail needs to be so realistic literally looking like a snapshot from the video if the can detect that this thumbnail is photoshopped or something is created inside it this strategy would not work now that's a lot of information to understand in a single stretch and execute this is where your own research will come in know your Niche research what you can find works in your Niche and how can you make it better always remind yourself that there is no failure in this world only feedback the more you upload and the more feedback you can implement the better you will get at making thumbnails now once once you have researched about your design I would recommend that analyze the concept rather than the design itself the concept of the thumbnail is way more important than the color theory and the patterns I showed you earlier the best thumbnails on the platforms are always made under 5 Seconds literally so much so goes into the psychology of the click rather than the actual design itself there is another technique that will make you millions of views on YouTube and that is lazy thumbnails Yes you heard it right lazy thumbnails these thumbnails can be made in just 5 seconds and these thumbnails can get over 7 million views if you just literally put a face of Shrek from a small part of the movie or you could just put a chair on a white screen these get millions of views and these thumbnails can also be people talking straight into the camera the best way to understand the strategy about lazy thumbnails is that lazy thumbnails pop as well when the world is trying to do color theories and people are trying to put effort into their thumbnails and energy to create the brightest thumbnails possible the lazy ones pop it's like the balance of nature when everybody starts wearing black outfits then the white ones will pop and when everybody buys an iPhone then the new nothing phone will be the new trend it's like the balance of nature as I said the thumbnails where you're talking about the whole history of the topic took a lot of attention seemingly because they were lazy thumbnails the idea of the video worked because they were offering the whole story of the Premier League I guess they were offering the whole history of the F1 I guess so the viewer here saw it on their screen clearly clicked on it and then they have the whole story to consume easily when clicking on these videos of course there's a problem with the strategy before you attempt the lazy thumbnail your idea needs to be so good that the lazy thumbnail can support it so your idea of the thumbnail and of the video requires more effort here rather than the thumbnail itself another big chapter search thumbnails versus browse thumbnails these are two types of videos on YouTube search videos and browse videos search videos are generally videos like how to plant a mango tree or how to install power apps in your Trello or how to apply a lip filler or how to snipe from an m98b or how to hit the knuckle ball free kick you get the point the browse videos of the same topic would be surviving in the forest with the same mango tree for 24 hours the one tip that makes your Trello so powerful lip filler injection gone wrong what 8,000 hours of sniping looks like and the free kick challenge therefore the thumbnails in the search page are competing with 10 videos in the search page while the thumbnails in the browse page are competing with hundreds of videos this is why search videos are good to start your channel because the thumbnails of those videos are easy to make while the thumbnails for the browse videos are way harder to make because the video itself for the browse video requires a lot of effort now the question is how to make the thumbnail for search the answer make the thumbnail as new as possible people search to want to keep themsel updated to new trends so search thumbnail require Precision they are like an article in the newspaper professional but precise fonts that are clear to read and help people to get their search as quickly as possible this is why thumbnails for the videos in the browse area are something that need to be flashing while in the search area they can be more professional the thumbnails in the browse features can be color poppers because they are competing against hundreds of thumbnails while the lazy thumbnail tricks also works here and the moment before something happened trick also works here because they all will pop on the homepage where they are competing against other thousand browse thumbnails so browse thumbnails can help your videos go viral if your video is hitting for the browse features search videos can also go viral but they cannot go as viral as the browse ones because people have to search for the topic while the browse videos pop themselves on their homepage by YouTube now before we proceed further feel free to join my Discord in the description below and we are going to host a free call every week where I teach you one detail and trick about YouTube that you won't be able to find anywhere out there the Discord server is a massive Community where other YouTubers are ready to grow themselves and everybody helps each other and you can even get your personalized sessions with me on Discord check out the link in the description below now let's discuss the things you don't have to do when making thumbnails don't number one don't put texts on your thumbnail at least when you're a beginner like literally people put texts on their thumbnails because they think it's going to add value looks like it doesn't the thumbnail right here is an Optimum example what does the text provide to the viewer here no value whatsoever ever see your text in thumbnails should be used smartly here are some examples on the screen look at Mark Manson's videos here they are so good when it comes to using texts on the thumbnails they always add value to the titles so the rule number one is for the beginner don't use text in your thumbnail and when you understand how it works you can go ahead with it don't number two don't judge your thumbnails on a large screen thumbnails should be viewed on a very small screen or at least when you design them scroll out on them watch them if you can and if you still see them what's inside them when they are small good thumbnails are visible even if you make them extremely small you can see each and every part of your thumbnail there is a website called thumbs up.tv that you can use to view your thumbnails for every device it's free of cost so you can see how your thumbnails look when they go on YouTube this is why I'm asking don't put your text on your thumbnail if you're a beginner while you have more space for other things for it so number two is always view your thumbnails while you shrink them down so that you can see they are visible to each and every size when they're showed on the platform don't number three never put more than three things on your thumbnail as explained earlier in all Concepts I showed you you should never put more than three main elements it's too much for our brains to process even in the repetition thumbnails the repeated objects act as one object one to three objects keep our thumbnails interesting and engaging for something which we can easily process when we open up the website if you put more than three objects here the thumbnail starts to clutter and it's too cluttered to consume and if your video is about a cluttered life like I explained earlier the life is stuck thumbnail then this rule can be reversed where the whole concept is about showing a mess as you can see in the example on the left where you have too many elements of the same idea while the same thumbnail can be seen on the right which is way easier to consume now see what I told you before if you scale it down to a very small size it is so horrible to see that you can't even see this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] while if you do it on one of the less elements thumbnail it is super easy to look at and it's so easy to consume at a very small size don't number four don't put anything pointless on your thumbnail that won't help the thumbnail put something on your thumbnail that helps people to get the click everything on your thumbnail needs to have a purpose every little thing on your thumbnail needs to be there for a reason and if something in your thumbnail does not contribute to get the click remove it less is more here the best thumbnails are understood by the audience in a split second and you need to chase Simplicity have rather than adding too much things so that you can force The Click out of your viewer don't do that don't number five don't complicate your backgrounds simple backgrounds best backgrounds look at this for example the more complic a in the background the harder it is for you to understand the thumbnail the topic of thumbnails does not end here there are many other aspects that YouTube wants you to nail and to know more secrets about those click on this video right here

- Make Better YouTube Thumbnails With These 12 Thumbnail Experiments EVERYONE Should Do Right NOW: Kind: captions Language: en we talk a lot about thumbnails here at little monster i have more than once called them the most important part of your video maybe even including the video itself unfortunately thumbnails are also really tough honestly i'm not a great graphic designer and putting together thumbnails myself is a real challenge like sure i can help explain best practices to people but doing it physically is really tough but spending time fiddling with the graphics and seeing how everything fits together and how to work it into a template is really helpful for understanding thumbnails so even if working on it hasn't made me a great graphic designer it has made me a lot better at looking at where to experiment with thumbnails and experimentation is really important because sure best practices are a great starting place but every single audience is different and some best practices aren't going to apply to you in the same way that they apply to somebody else testing the right variables in the right way can save you a lot of time and headache in the long run now when it comes to raw experimentation the best thing to do is to take one thumbnail and change one thing about it and then switch between the two in an a b test this is a tool that some levels of tubebuddy provide and it's something that youtube has talked about providing in the future but right now they're too busy getting rid of things like community captions gotta go ahead and just check that off my to-do list is dunking on the hand that feeds me experimentation with an a b test is the best way to get reliable consistent results if you a b test changes consistently it's going to help you create a strong template over time if you don't have that level of tube buddy you can do this manually but it is a tremendous pain you are going to have to switch thumbnails and track stats every single day and you can't miss it once and it's a real pain and then you're going to have to go and analyze the whole thing to make sure the results are actually statistically significant a more low-fi way that you can experiment is just to slowly change your thumbnails over time try some things that you hadn't before and see if the results are meaningfully different this is far less scientific because you're changing many more things the video content is different the value proposition is different those can affect performance too but it's also really simple to do and free which is a big big advantage whatever method you use to test the best results come if you only change one kind of thing at a time this is going to tell you what actually makes a difference and what doesn't if you test a bunch of things altogether and you get significantly different results you don't know what caused it and if you don't get significantly different results it could be that two things offset each other so as we go through this list please keep in mind that when you're testing try to test just one of these things so with that out of the way here are 12 different things that you can experiment on in your next thumbnail number one the position of your primary element something's always going to be the most important element of your video where should you put it because it's prominent it's usually very big so it usually comes down to one of three places you can be on the left you can be on the right or you can be in the center generally speaking i go for putting the primary element on the left side of the screen our content's usually most often viewed in the united states and english is read left to right your eyes are trained to go in that direction so put the most important thing where people are most likely to put their eyes first but that's not always the case maybe you can draw more focus by having something totally centered and other elements around it maybe putting your elements on the right side helps break up the monotony like if everyone in the suggested bar has put their primary element on the left side and you put yours on the right it might help it stand out a little bit whatever you do though don't put anything way down in the bottom right corner because the view length indicator is going to cover it up you're going to lose it don't put text there no one can read it don't put part of a facial expression down there no one's gonna see it number two color schemes you can experiment both in a general sense of should you go brighter should you go darker should you have higher saturation or lower saturation or it can be about specific color palettes so should i use more red should i use more blue should i use more green if you have a specific brand identity you might be a little bit limited here conventional wisdom says that we want bright colors and generally high saturation there's also a prevailing theory that yellow activates more cones in your eyes and therefore draws your attention more easily i don't know if that's actually been proven but it does get thrown around a lot like it's true and yellow is a very bright eye-catching color so maybe there's something to it but again you might have an audience that appreciates a different palette changing the kind of colors that you use is a pretty simple change but it can have a pretty big impact number three fonts if you just kind of use whatever font comes up it might be worth experimenting and playing around with if you have a specific font that you use but it's really fancy or it's a serif font you might want to consider experimenting with that too generally speaking we don't want a lot of text on thumbnails overall but what we do want we want it to be extremely readable typically this means sans serif in all caps if that's not something you're doing you might want to try experimenting with it if you are doing it but you're not happy with the font consider looking for one that gives you a more distinctive identity if you look hard you might find a font that better communicates what your channel is going for number four backgrounds this is partially related to color but what's happening behind your main element is it a picture is it an accurate representation of where you were when you were taking a selfie have you isolated a person and you've put them on a completely different background or in a different photo maybe you're not using an image at all maybe you have a gradient behind you or a solid color what's the general expectation on your kind of content you might have noticed that we used to use darker backgrounds the darker backgrounds were a literal interpretation of where we're doing these videos because it was literally just this back wall but when we use the brighter lighter colored backgrounds it gives off a more youtube sense like youtube's color scheme is white if we're talking about youtube perhaps it makes sense to more closely match that visual identity as far as i know that's an ongoing experiment we don't actually have conclusive data on whether or not that works yet but it's something that we're trying using a solid color background or a gradient makes it way less busy but it can also get too sterile so if you like everything that's going on in the foreground of your thumbnails maybe try looking at what's going on behind those elements number five arrows in circles you've seen this a lot and you've seen it in a lot of places if somebody's got a ufo video they've got a yellow arrow pointing to it or a red circle identifying it in the blue sky it's used in a lot more places than like conspiracy bigfoot type videos but that's a good place to find examples of it it's a really interesting technique because it takes visual elements that typically would be very bad on a thumbnail because they're zoomed out and they're out of focus but by creating a bright contrasting color that points to it it draws our attention in it makes us want to look at this tiny tiny detail and then when we're looking in at this pinprick we're like what's going on so that makes you want to read the title and go oh this is what it's about maybe i want to watch that now or maybe i don't but the first step to getting somebody to click on your video is getting them to look at your video in the first place arrows and circles have shown that they're a really great way to draw attention to my new details on a small image and these are thumbnail images they're going to be small getting somebody to look closely at them is a huge deal number six structures and subdivisions normally thumbnails are a contiguous image we don't have a lot of space to work with why would we want to cut it up more but depending on your type of content if you haven't tried it before this can be super compelling dividing your thumbnail up into say two different images can give you a sense of progression with two simple words and a vertical split down the middle you get the prototypical before and after shot and if you're already doing that again callback you can use an arrow to imply additional causal relationship can you tell the difference between this bowl of candy and this bowl of candy made by gordon ramsay maybe maybe not but it's a really compelling image and it tells you what you're getting into so if it's the kind of video you want to it explains everything it needs to really quickly number seven text amount generally we're not a huge fan of putting a lot of text on thumbnails you can get maybe one simple sentence with like one dependent clause if you're really stretching it but depending on the amount of text you're using you can play around with it sometimes adding a little bit of text can add a ton of flavor one of my favorite uses of text is on a video about a paralympic scandal it has three words they weren't disabled it tells you the big deal with the video and if you just read that sentence out of context it already prompts questions who wasn't disabled you make it sound like it's a bad thing that they weren't disabled why would that be a bad thing and then you read the title and you're like oh my god because it's the paralympics and then if you haven't watched the story you probably want to watch that story if you're not using text at all and you're not a kid's channel you might try throwing in a few words if you're using a bunch of words you might try throwing a few away and if you've never tried it maybe try and do one thumbnail completely without text see if you can get your images to stand on their own merits not every kind of content wants to do that but if you can pull it off it's really powerful one of my favorite thumbnails of all time has no text and it is just a yellow rectangle the video's title is this is not yellow it is such a good combination it makes me very angry number eight text type so we've talked about fonts which are how we visually represent text and we've talked about text length and how brief we want to be but the actual content of the text is also something we can play around with if we're being really broad and reductive we can kind of divide up text into three separate categories we can provide the value proposition straight up this is just being very blunt about what your video is and isn't and saying it right in the thumbnail teasing text also gets at what's in the video but it leaves a little bit of a mystery it's playing a little bit coy this is more title text but to give an idea of what a tease is it would be something like i brought 50 puppies home and this is what happened you know what you're getting into you know it's going to be about puppies you just don't know exactly what's going to happen and the text is designed to get you curious about what's going to happen we can also ask a question questions create an innate information gap i know something that you don't and putting it on my thumbnail implies that i'm going to give you the answer so if it's a question that's interesting or valuable to you it makes you more interested in clicking on it generally speaking we find that text is most interesting when it's a little bit different than the title so if the title is asking a question maybe you want to tease in the thumbnail or vice versa but if you haven't spent time thinking about it it's a good thing to experiment with number nine faces we are naturally drawn to the human face because we are social creatures we have evolved to seek out and read other faces which is why you see them so often in thumbnails they draw your eye in the hope is that you'll look long enough to get a sense of what the video is and then if it's something you're interested in you'll click on it we're also drawn to really expressive emotions for the same evolutionary reasons if you meet a stranger out in the savannah it's really helpful to know if they're friendly or not off the bat so something you can play around with is making different kinds of faces you can be shocked you can be angry and you can play around with the difference between subtle and super expressive emotions super expressive motions tend to draw the eye more but depending on your kind of content they can start to feel a little bit artificial if you haven't taken super expressive pictures before here's a little advice i've learned i don't think my physique is bad solid six out of ten but when i try and make really expressive faces for some reason i lean my neck back and it creates this super weird double chin that looks very odd when you zoom in on just the face way to counteract that just stick your head forward so instead of doing shock you're shocked like it's not something to care about from a body positivity standpoint but like it looks really weird because usually you're cutting it off at the face so you have the face and then you just have a little extra bump if you're running that problem before that's my tip to you number 10 number of primary elements usually when you're creating a video you want to stick to a few things to really focus your attention on these are going to be the biggest things in your thumbnail like we've said they're usually faces but the number isn't entirely set in stone generally speaking i'm not surprised if the ideal number of elements is anywhere between 1 and 3. if you haven't played around with that space consider giving it a shot as a side note sometimes more primary elements work if you have like an ensemble cast that's really color coordinated so if i have something like power rangers i might be able to put all the power rangers on screen because when they're all together it creates this rainbow spectrum generally speaking we find that experimenting within one to three is a better use of your time though number 11 focus and blur as a general rule we like our pictures to be clear and thumbnails are not a huge canvas to work with and blurring space can be kind of counter-intuitive like you have what like a square inch to work with like removing 30 percent of that is a really big deal but if you really want to focus on a certain part of your image and you don't want to use something like a circle or an arrow to just point to it blurring the rest of the image can be really helpful you still put the object of focus in a real space but you help draw the eye to it you can see this in our thumbnails we want to give the sense that i'm in a place but the place itself is not important so we blur the background a little bit and finally number 12 zoom level most of the time we talk about thumbnails with the implication that you're going to have things really close because again it's really small this is a pretty accurate representation of thumbnail distance it's very close and being close typically isn't a bad thing but it's not always the best thing let's say that i had narrative content that's a bit moody and somber having people up close and in your face doesn't really communicate the tone of what we're doing so even though it doesn't typically follow best practices depending on your content you might want to try actually pulling the image back out a little bit and if you have had your shots pulled way back out and you haven't tried zooming in before do try zooming in size is always going to be one of the best ways to emphasize the important parts of your image and that is 12 ways you can experiment with your very next thumbnail if you have a working proficiency of photoshop these are relatively easy to implement if you don't have photoshop or don't work in photoshop you can actually do a fair bit of this in something like powerpoint it's just a little bit harder and jankier because the software isn't meant for it so if you'd like to try sprucing up your thumbnails but you're not sure where to start take one of these things play around with it run some tests and see what happens with enough testing you'll be well on your way to crafting really good really eye-catching thumbnails and with that thank you so much for clicking on this video we worked really hard on the thumbnail if you enjoyed this video be sure to check out our other great videos on audience development if you like this video click the like button to let us know that you liked it and want to see more like it and if you haven't already subscribe to little monster for more videos on audience development every single week see you next time the last time i recorded a video late at night i ended up saving someone's life that night that sounds made up it's entirely true it was the weirdest thing that has happened to me this year and there is a global pandemic this year i've saved more lives not as a lifeguard than as a lifeguard which is kind of

  Top Comments:
  1. @drumkidlatmusic [3 likes]: The way you move your body while talking is like a rapper.
  2. @abstract_jeff [3 likes]: Must have watched this 4 times now lol. So much good stuff.. C'mon brain... Take it! 🤯🤣😎👍💯
  3. @Toonxly [3 likes]: i really like how energetic u are in ur videos. feels like speedrunning through a guide 😋 u guys definitely deserve WAY more subs!
  4. @DrawingTechnical [2 likes]: Great video, valuable information! The shock part was hilarious XD.
  5. @Randomytcodm [2 likes]: Awesome value, your amazing
  6. @IAmTheJuanAndOnly [2 likes]: Thanks for all the help guys!!!!
  7. @WEWillyEnglish [2 likes]: My thumbnails suck. I really needed this, thanks.
  8. @nocni.pripovedac [2 likes]: Biggest problem for me is High Click Through Rate (above 13.5%) but still low views..
  9. @JamesKerLindsay [1 likes]: Thanks. This was incredibly useful, as your videos always are! Thumbnails are such a difficult element for so many of us.
  10. @Etypical [1 likes]: This is a super helpful video and it's given me lots to think about! I'll definitely be experimenting with some of these thumbnail elements (but not all at once, of course) 😄 Thanks Tim!
  11. @TheFishingMommy [1 likes]: Wooohoo I had to pause the video to say, wow the  lighting looks better! Could still use some tweaks ;) but thank you for listening & acting on it!
Ok back to the video because I sure need thumbnail help. And omg I died about “solid 6 out of 10” 😂
  12. @SK_CrappieCatching [1 likes]: Say WHAAAT..... Yes thumbnails are important.....Thanks for the tips.....
  13. @audiotoolshed [1 likes]: Right up my alley right now. Doing a/b testing with 1 different element in tubebuddy. Gives interesting results for sure.
  14. @marcoinvesting5339 [1 likes]: solid 6 out of 10! don't tell Matt about your doubts on yellow, it will stay out secret.
  15. @dragonwolfgaming2632 [1 likes]: Hi thank you for the tips I would put alot of effort to try and use the tips you have provided so thank you
  16. @UDoIt2 [1 likes]: Not 11 or Not 13??? Prime number??? Thanks for the video.
  17. @StarWarsRumors [1 likes]: Nice shock face!
  18. @mid9277 [1 likes]: That's nice
  19. @rocdocs: I freakin love this dude's videos. You are speaking my language dude! Will you come on my show and do a Dad joke segment with me? :) Had to ask...
  20. @LesleyRowland: i'm a girl who gravitates towards girly things. if i see shades of pink and purple, i'm more inclined to click. when i see a lot of red and yellow, i assume that it's a guy's video and immediately lose interest.  jw if anyone in the comments is like me???

- The Thumbnail Experiment: Using Science to Boost CTR: Kind: captions Language: en-US hey everybody how you doing tonight this episode is gonna go off the rails i'm pretty sure of it we're gonna talk about using the scientific method to improve your click-through rate so stick around we're gonna talk about ways you can experiment with your thumbnails and ways to try to get them better better yes ways to make your thumbnail better so stick around we're gonna talk about some tips but we're gonna talk about the scientific method first why why the scientific method because the scientific method, let's define it first. The scientific method is simply making a smart guess about something you notice and then testing it to see if you were right. If the test agrees, great. If not, refine the guess and try again. So let's talk about the scientific method. Let's go here first. All right, so we want to define the problem. Why isn't my thumbnail getting clicks? Is it low CTR? not standing out, then we want to do some research. We want to look at competitors. We want to look at trending thumbnails and your own past top performers. Then we want to form a hypothesis. If I change one element, will my CTR increase? Maybe. And we'll talk about that. Design the experiment. Decide what that one element you'll test. You're going to change the color of it. You can put a different face. You can show more emotion. You can do change the wording. And then we're going to run an experiment. We'll upload the new thumbnail. We'll let it gather enough impressions. We'll collect. We'll analyze data. We'll use YouTube analytics, click-through rate, impressions, average iteration. And then we're going to draw conclusions and repeat. Did CTR improve? If yes, apply the principles elsewhere. If not, test a new variable. Now, what variables are we talking about? Well, let's talk about that. So here are thumbnail must-haves. Must have a clear subject. You know, one main focus, a face, an object, a concept, you know, a readable text. Three to five letters, words max, really. Needs to be a bold font, you know, really. Strong emotion. and lots of those, I think those are out though. Do we still want to go see people's teeth? I don't know. High contrast colors, just something that catches the attention. You want it to be color patterns, color palettes to go together. Branding consistency. So if you have a brand, you want to be consistent when you're showing that brand. And then curiosity gap. What is it that you can show that's enough to get them to click? Because you're not giving them the full answer. until they click and they find out. And then mobile friendly. So we'll play around with this here in a minute. I'll show you a tool that I love that makes it easy to find out if your thumbnail looks good or not. So let's talk about that. All right. So let's go. This is going to be a little weird. Let's stick with this. Let's see if it happens. So we ask. We ask, why isn't my thumbnail working? We ask that question. And then we hypothesize. We come up with a theory. If I change X, CTR improves or gets worse. Okay, CTR, click-through rate. Then we test. We test one element. We just change one thing, and we see if it makes the thumbnail better. And does it improve click-through rate? We'll find out. And then we'll collect data. We'll look at your YouTube analytics. We'll say, okay, this is what's working. This is what's not. You get that process. And finally, we analyze and we repeat. I know. My writing needs work here. Analyze and repeat. I got to find pens that work better. These pens are not working. So we'll find out. So we analyze and we repeat. What worked? What didn't? And we just keep trying until it worked. Now, let's go over here. Let's go show Chrome, Chrome Share. I got to go do some sharing. Got to do some sharing. All right, Love Chrome. There we go. So this is my favorite website for testing thumbnails. This is thumbsup.tv, okay? And you drop a thumbnail right here. You put what your titles are going to be, and then you can scroll through and say, okay, this is what it's going to look like on the home screen. It's large. Here's the home screen. It's small. See, I can't read the writing. I can't read Burnout really well on that one. So it's going to look on the sidebars what it's going to look like. So you can't read that. You just see two people, but that's it. So this is not a clear thumbnail. It doesn't make a lot of sense as done. It shows channel page, watch later, watch later list. Here's what it looks like on mobile, column. Here's what it looked like on Apple TV. And then here's the original image. So, hmm, okay. That doesn't look amazing. So then I will go and put a different image there. Okay. and now we'll look oh nope same one come on out let's fix this okay so let's take a look at this one okay so the the text is a little easier to read but i should make it bigger i was trying to avoid landing it on top of people in the video and so that's kind know how it worked it looks pretty good here you can't read it here so the text doesn't tell you anything you know if you can make a thumbnail with no text some people say that tells a better story I don't know I haven't had any success like that all right let's go try this one okay here is another attempt you know here you can almost read burnout defined you know here I can't I mean I can read it I know what it says, but I can't read it. Here, you can read it. So, which one of these thumbnails is the one to go with? None of these seem to be great. You know, here it's not bad. It looks good. Here, eh, okay. Here, it's really, really small. So, you go to thumbsup.tv, and you type in what you think your title is going to be, and you drop the thumbnail image here, and you see what you get for your troubles. so what do you think about that now let's go and take a look at here's a video so this is a video I did and I'll bump up bump it up see it easier all right there we go okay I did this video and And I was sad. It wasn't getting the views that I thought it should have. And so I changed the thumbnail thinking that would make a difference. And it didn't make any difference. No, not really at all. It kind of just dropped off even more. So I shot this video like this. So with YouTube, you have an option. I can go right here and I can do test and compare. So I may have played with the test to compare option. So you can't unfortunately do this with live videos. I do wish there was an option to do this with live videos. Hint, hit YouTube, you added a bunch of features today. I'd like you to add that option. So I'm going to go and change this. And I'm going to take some of those that I just showed you. I'm going to put some of those in here, and I'm going to see what happens. I'm going to burn out. So I'll open this one, put that there, and then defined. Nope. See, I don't really like either of those thumbnails. So I could go into Canva and go make a new one. And let's go, let's, before I go there, let's go look at something. So here is the thumbnail checklist. These are seven must-haves that you should have. One, you have a clear subject. The main focus should be a face or an object or a concept. Readable text, three to five words max. Strong emotion, high contrast colors, consistent branding, curiosity gap, and mobile friendly. So I just showed you thumbsup.tv, and we looked. And now we're going to go and see if we can make it better. All right? So now I'm going to go back to sharing, because sharing means caring. Oops. bring up the sharing okay hang on much hate when I have days like this things like this okay so here is one of those thumbnails there's another thumbnail hmm there's another thumbnail what if I take this one okay and let's look at that checklist that checklist said be it have bold colors so look at that what if I take this big image and put that over so I've got characters do I have too many characters do I need to remove one of these faces maybe I need to remove this one maybe I need to take this picture and drag it over okay okay and now I'm gonna take this and I'm going to make it transparent more transparent I want to have burnout defined there we go all right okay so maybe a little more transparent so I'm gonna do these little tweaks and see if it's a better thumbnail I'm gonna share it download only want them down number two done download okay make sure I put the same folder so I can find it burnouts or let's do burnout version 4 okay now I'm gonna go back to my video here and I'm gonna change this one out I'm gonna change it for this new one okay and I'm gonna say done and so a test and I will get my video to come back there we go love it does that okay and I'm a safe okay so now for two weeks it's gonna test that thumbnail and so if you see it now you see it's got three different thumbnails there it's in a test so it's gonna do a test and we'll go look at the analytics now okay thumbnail and let's go to advanced all right so here's the advanced all right okay so look here we see the the impression click-through rate was 1.6 percent that's terrible so we'll see YouTube supposedly will go out and re-look at your video if you made a change and so I've changed the thumbnail I've told it to do a test and let's see what happens okay so it'll be a few days before we get answers but we'll give it a shot we'll see what happens and so I think that's gonna be a neat test we'll see what happens and see what comes back and so what I did is I made one change and I want to see how that comes back and how that works and that's what you should do you should find one change and then you should do a test and test to see what thumbnails people like which one are the most useful tool so we'll see there what happens now we're gonna go back to thumbs up TV and I'm going to take this thumbnail I just made and drop it in and now you can see burnout defined a lot easier even on the small one burnout defined and you see the fake doctor uh you know i because i was trying to be comical and it's supposed to be a fake doctor and me talking with each other um so that one is easier to see right and so this may do better what do you think now the other thing that you can do is if you have ChatGPT or whatever your favorite AI is. And let's go and show ChatGPT. So I am a ChatGPT, and I'm going to go and upload the thumbnails. I'm going to upload four thumbnails and I'm going to say of these four thumbnails, which is the best. Yeah, JGPT can do that. Gonna move me out of the way. So, it will go and look, and it will tell me what it thinks is the best thumbnail. okay the green text one doesn't pop on mobile define quickly gets lost red slightly templately but it's the most click-grabbing hmm okay so it says that one gradient missing the word defined okay which weakens clarity red transparent overlay text blends too much of face background hardest to read a glance unique layout full overlay but readability kills the fake notes so it's already told me it doesn't think my thumbnail is good so it prefers my second one and this is hey do you want me to create two or three mock-ups yes go for it yes go for it so it's gonna create alternate thumbnails to show me what it thinks would be a better thumbnail. Yeah. Will I use those? Let's go see who's in the chat, y'all. I see you guys out there. So hang on. Shout out. Da-da-da. David W. Ryan, how are you doing tonight? Welcome. Laura, how are you tonight? Hello. Yes. I have gone off the deep end, haven't I? Pretty much. I am tearing thumbnails apart, trying to make them better, and trying out this crazy whiteboard experiment. That was messed up, wasn't it? I was trying something, but my whiteboard didn't look cool enough. So I need to do a better job with that. So, yeah. Now, what is your scientific process for improving things on your channel? This is just an example of how to be scientific with thumbnails and click-through rate. And to just see if you can make one change and upload that and see if it's going to make a difference. Now, I know what ChatGPT just told me. It said it hated the thumbnail that I just created, but I like that thumbnail. And I'm probably going to be wrong. But at this point, the video that I thought was a very good video did not do well. I think it's because people just didn't click. The low click-through rate, 1.6, is a very low click-through rate. If you can get a 10, you are gangbusters. Amazing, yes. But then there's that whole debate. Well, average view duration versus click-through rate. It's better to have a longer average view duration with a low click-through rate then it is a high, have a high click-through rate and a very low average view duration. So it's a battle. So, but we're going to try to be, we're trying to be scientific and we're trying to make just one change. And so you need to go out, you need to go find that video that you thought, man, this is my favorite video. I hate it did not do well. I think I did good with it. What can I do to make too hot on the whiteboard? Yeah, I know. I'm working on that. I know it's too hot on the whiteboard I was trying let's see what happens I made an adjustment let's go see duh yes still too hot too hot it was worse before because I had I'll show you what was worse before how about that that better I had George on now look red but that's okay I can live with that I had George on and George put a big hot spot on so let me show you this Ziggy turn on George and see washed it out and put the sun there's the sun shining on it all right uh ziggy well i like the christmas of it i got to figure out how to light this whiteboard so it's gonna be a challenge i will figure this out i will figure it out it will get better i will make this better we can make it better faster and cheaper Ziggy turn off George so alright yeah those are my thoughts hey I see some more folks out there let's break out the chat ta-da shout out hey Florence how you doing yes David thank you appreciate that i suspected it might be i need to work on it this is just i this was an experiment i still don't know why i thought i had to have a whiteboard in this video i'm still working on it we'll figure it out i would submit the decision depends on your goal for one video and for channel overall i in this particular case i'm trying to resurrect a video that i thought should have done well that I did not that I did not get a high click-through rate on and that I think if people gave it a chance the video would do better so my goal is to bring traffic to that video to skiff have more people give it a chance and see if they liked it and that's where I'm at so we'll see I will do better videos I will keep doing videos but um it's been some strange times here all right well that's it I'm gonna do a short show for tonight but I just wanted to cover that topic and kind of talk about how you should do the scientific method make only one change and see what the impact is for older videos you can afford the time it takes to wait it out maybe you don't want to do that for newer videos maybe you do want to do something to make those videos do better you want to quicker, more quickly. They always say the first 48 hours is the most critical for any new video. Live videos, though, kind of lose the energy after a couple of days as well at 48 hours. No, most folks don't like to watch a live video and go back and say, well, it's not live now, so it's not as interesting. All right, that's it for tonight. Thank you so much, everybody that showed up i hope you have a wonderful evening and uh yeah so i'm supposed to press a button like this hey youtube is going to put a video right where i'm at and say watch me watch me and you should always whatever whatever youtube says you should do that because youtube is keen it's awesome so everybody have a wonderful wonderful day bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @justtoranado [2 likes]: I love how you've broken down thumbnail optimization into a legitimate scientific process. The distinction between a "pretty" thumbnail and an "effective" one, and your focus on data-driven decisions, is a game-changer for a lot of creators who just guess what works. This is one of the most actionable videos on the topic I've seen👊
  2. @FishstickUSA [2 likes]: Watching the replay

- Making color changing plastic: Kind: captions Language: en this video has been sponsored by Nord VPN you can go to Nord VPN comm / nyle read to get 77 percent off a three year plan today I'll be making a chemical called two to four die nitro benzyl pyridine or DN BP for short which exhibits something called photochromism this means that when it's exposed to light it undergoes a reversible change in color under normal conditions it's a brownish yellow but when it's exposed to UV or sunlight it turns blue then if it's left in the dark for several hours it slowly reverts back there are some photochromic compounds that are relatively fast in both directions though and they're used to make things like those glasses that darken when you go outside other compounds also transition between different colors and are used in many products like toys clothing and cosmetics I don't plan to at the moment but in the future I might try to make some of these other photochromic compounds for most of my videos I just make the chemical for fun and to explore the science but this time there was another reason the only chemical company that I can order from a sigma and they sell 50 milligrams of d + BP for a hundred and sixty three dollars which is insanely overpriced Sigma sells its precursor for way cheaper though so it made a lot more sense for me to just buy that and to make it myself I don't really have exact numbers but I think to make fifty milligrams it cost me something like 25 cents in any case my main goal for this video was to make the D and BP and then to try out a few things with it that I thought might be cool for example I wanted to try developing a photo from a negative print and making a color-changing plastic I also just wanted to mess around with it in general and to test out some of its properties now in terms of chemicals I'll be using sulfuric acid nitric acid diethyl ether sodium hydroxide and two benzyl pyridine that I got from Sigma all the other chemicals were either purchased locally or from eBay to start things off I added 12 mils of concentrated sulfuric acid and a stir bar to a small flask then I set up an ice bath and I let it cool to around 5 c2 the acid I slowly add two and a half mill of two benzyl pyridine and a faint yellow color appeared I let the stir for a few minutes and then I added 2.25 mils of concentrated nitric acid this entire addition was done carefully and dropwise over the course of about 4 minutes during this time it went through a range of colors but by the end it was pretty much colorless at this point the flask was taken out of the ice bath and the next step was to heat it so I put it into a hot water bath and I also added an air-cooled condenser to help stop the vapors from escaping I turned on the hot plate and the reaction was heated to a hundred C for about twenty minutes what was going on here was a nitration reaction where two nitro groups were being added to the two benzyl pyridine to make dn BP in a bit more detail the first step was a reaction between the sulfuric and nitric acid to make nitronium ions these were the active nitrating species and they were attacked by the two benzyl pyridine under these conditions dean BP was the major product but I'm sure that to a certain extent other nitrated forms were also made these just had to be purified out in the workup and you'll see how I did that when it was done I took away the water bath and I let it cool a bit then I poured it into about 200 grams of ice I also used this small amount of water to wash the flask and I dumped that in as well what I had here was a mixture of my product and concentrated acids and the next step was to neutralize it this was done by using a solution of sodium hydroxide that I made by mixing 20 grams in 250 mils of water when it was added it immediately reacted with the acid to form sodium sulfate sodium nitrate and water these reactions generated a lot of heat which is why it was important to include all the ice it was also important to keep it at or below room temperature and you'll see why in a minute when it was done I tested the pH and I saw that it was strongly basic which was good then on top of this I added 200 mils of diethyl ether I took out the glass rod and turned on the magnetic stirring and the mixture quickly started darkening I don't think the color change was because of the ether though and I think it was just the strong base causing some side products to polymerize it wasn't stirring as well as it should have been so I swapped out the stir bar for a much larger one it was a lot better this time and I was able to mix in all the ether what I was doing here was a solvent extraction where the desired product was getting dissolved into the ether most of the other junk like sodium sulfate sodium nitrate and other side products should stay dissolved in the water the reason why the temperature had to be low for this was because diethyl ether has a very low boiling point and it's extremely volatile I needed to let this stir for about 20 minutes and if the solution were hot all my ether would have just boiled away in any case after stirring it for 20 minutes I poured it all into a separatory funnel it very quickly separated where the upper layer was the ether and the bottom was the water just to make sure that the separation fully went to completion I let it sit here for about an hour I then drained off the bottom water layer which at this point is just waste and it contains side products and other junk as a safety note it also has a bit of ether dissolved in it so even though it's water it can still pose a fire hazard what I did to deal with this waste was I just drained it all into a beaker and then I put it at the back of my fume hood and I let it evaporate for about a week then I put the solid crust that remained into a dry waste container getting back to the preparation though the upper ether layer that was still in the separatory funnel was poured into a flask just like how the water layer contained a bit of ether my ether layer contained a bit of water I needed to get rid of it and to do this I added anhydrous magnesium sulfate magnesium sulfate form stable complexes with water so when it's added it pulls it from the ether and when it does this it tends to just clump up and sit at the bottom when there's little to no water left though it stays loose and the solution becomes cloudy when it's shaken it's usually best to add small amounts and to wait for it to pick up the water but I was a bit impatient I almost definitely added way too much which might slightly impact the yield but it's really not a big deal to separate the magnesium sulfate it's really easy and I just filtered everything through a cotton ball when everything had passed through I washed the magnesium sulfate in the flask and the bit that was in the cotton with a small amount of ether I originally planned to set up a distillation and to recover the ether but at the last minute I decided not to I instead went with the lazy method and I poured it all into a beaker then it turned on the hot plate and I set up a fan off screen to help evaporate it just as a point of safety diethyl ether is extremely flammable so this had to be done in a very well ventilated area when it got down to around 40 mils I transferred it to a smaller beaker I ended up missing the exact moment but a lot of solid quickly precipitated from the solution which was actually the dn BP I kept heating and evaporating it until it got to about 30 mils and then I put it into an ice bath to get out as much as possible then to separate it off I gravity filtered it when all the ether had passed through I watched the filter and the beaker with a small amount of ice-cold ethanol I spread out the filter on some paper towel to dry and this is what it looked like the next day the final yield was 2.05 grams and I think it cost me like $10 to make this to test it out and to see if it was actually photochromic I just had to expose it to sunlight it very quickly started to change colour and it told me that my synthesis worked what was going on here was a UV induced change in the structure of the molecule according to a paper that I found the hydrogen in red is first transferred to an oxygen in the nitro group generating the so called OAH form the nitro group then quickly flips to the other side and the hydrogen's picked up by the nitrogen generating the NH form which is blue this one's much longer lived and can last for hours because shifting the hydrogen back to the carbon isn't very favourable the reason that changes color is because the NH form has a different absorption spectrum in its initial form it mostly absorbed light around 400 nanometers which is a deep violet most of the light that it doesn't absorb is selected though and it's what we see to predict what this color should be I can just take a look at a complementary color wheel and I quickly see that its complement is yellow the NH form instead absorbs light around 600 nanometers which is a light orange and now if I take another look at the color wheel I see that the complement of this is a dark blue this reversible shift in absorption spectra as is the general mechanism behind most forms of photochromism something that I find interesting is that not all forms of Dean VP are necessarily photochromic and it can depend on what solvent to is crystallized from the rotation of the Nitro group is extremely important and some crystalline forms of Dean BP just don't really allow it to happen in my case it all worked out fine but apparently some commercial sources of it don't exhibit photochromism until there recrystallized from an appropriate solvent another thing that I find interesting is that the NH forms only long-lived when the Dean BP is a solid like it is here the basic explanation for this is that the rigid crystalline structure prevents the molecules from moving around and shifting back to their old state when it's dissolved in a small amount of acetone though the molecules are able to move around much more freely and they can quickly revert back just for fun I let all the acetone evaporate I read the sunlight and added more acetone when I did it this way I felt that not only did it look cooler but the effect was also a lot more evident what I wanted to try next was to see if I could use it to develop a photo I thought it would be cool to use the same process that I did for my cyanotype video except I'd be able to reuse this paper over and over to do this I needed to coat some paper with the dnvp and I tried several ways but pretty much all of them failed I only found one that kind of worked okay where it was first dissolved in a small amount of acetone and then slightly precipitated by adding water the struggle here though was that if too little water were used it wouldn't go on the paper very well but if too much were used the dnvp would crystallize out as solid chunks however after a couple attempts I managed to get a good mixture and I used it to coat two pieces of watercolor paper I'm each of them I applied several coats let them dry overnight and the next day I tried to develop something I converted one of my digital photos to a negative and printed it onto a transparency I then put this on top of the paper and I sandwiched it between two pieces of glass I took this all outside and the moment I exposed it to sunlight it immediately started to darken I had no idea how long I should have exposed it for so I just let it go until I thought it was done which was about four minutes when I went back inside and took a look at it though it was severely overexposed so I did it again using my other paper but this time I only developed it for 40 seconds the image from this run was a lot better but it was honestly still pretty bad I think the biggest issue was just applying the Dean BP to the paper and if I found out a better method I can improve the quality a lot if any of you happen to have any ideas on how I could do this I'd love to hear about it in the comments Wendy and BP's left in the dark for several hours it slowly converts back to its yellow form using the thermal energy that's present at room temperature if it's heated though this conversion happens way faster to demonstrate this I used one of my papers from before which had already faded quite a bit I wanted it all to be in the blue form though so I just let it sit in sunlight for about a minute I then blasted it with my heat gun and almost like magic the color started disappearing it only took me about 30 seconds to completely erase everything [Music] I tried exposing it to sunlight again but it seemed like it was dead after five minutes there was very little change and I figured that I just heated it up too much and destroyed the dnvp there were still a few spots that managed to survive though so I blasted them with more heat just for fun I decided to shoot some water and acetone onto it and I honestly expected nothing to happen to my surprise though the water apparently fixed the dnvp somehow and allowed it to become blue again the acetone on the other hand didn't seem to do anything I'm not exactly sure why this happened but I think the heat put it into a non photochromic conformation and the water somehow put it back into the other form I didn't explicitly try it but I feel like it could be an interesting way to write a secret message I could make ink with the dnvp write a letter develop it and then erase it using heat to see what I wrote it would have to first be treated with water dried and then exposed to sunlight the last thing that I wanted to do was to see if I could make some color-changing plastic I could have used a lot of different resins but I happen to have some epoxy from another project I was working on so I just decided to use that a small amount of the Dean BP was added to a mortar and then I poured in Part A of the epoxy the Dean BP was able to dissolve into it and I mixed it around as thoroughly as I could after a couple minutes I poured it into a plastic cup and added the other part of the epoxy this caused a slight color change to occur which normally doesn't happen the addition of the Dean BP definitely caused it but I don't really know why in any case I mix this as thoroughly as I could poured it into another cup and then stirred it for another couple minutes I then added all of it to a teddy bear mold that I got from Amazon what was weird though was that as it cured it slowly changed colors I'm not sure why but for some reason in this epoxy the DM BP seems to be more stable in its blue form I thought that maybe it would eventually change back but it never did the next day I tried D molding it but it was honestly kind of a pain I eventually got it out though and in my opinion the bear turned out pretty well at first I thought it was just locked in the blue form and that it was no longer photochromic however I figured it wouldn't hurt to just put it in sunlight and to see what happened to my surprise it was actually still photochromic but instead it was backwards this time most of the sunlight was also coming from the left side so the color change wasn't even through the bear I thought this was kind of cool though so when it got to about the midpoint I took it out of the light I honestly would have really liked if it stayed like this but because it's photochromic it eventually goes back I found the process to be extremely slow though and over a day later it still hadn't completely reverted another thing to mention is that most epoxies don't do well in sunlight and it slowly dis colors I just used it because it was something I had on hand but if I were to do it again I'd probably use a different polymer anyway I made a couple other bears and I did some more runs just to check a couple things for this one I just wanted to confirm that it was possible to change the entire color of the bear if it just sat there long enough and not surprisingly it was it just took about twice as long as the other time this last run had a much lower concentration of Dien BP and it changed much quicker it was also colorless instead of being yellow I then left them for a couple more days just to see how long they take to turn back the only one that really reverted was the one that was left in the sunlight for the least amount of time the first one that I did appears to still be slowly changing but I'm not sure if it'll ever fully go back the one that I turned completely orange and let's sit in the sunlight for the longest amount of time seemed to be stuck that way maybe it will eventually change though and if it does I'll be sure to update you guys anyway I think that's about it for now feel free to share your theories about what you saw here and other things you'd like me to try also I've decided to give away three of these bears that I made along with a beaker mug to three lucky winners I'll ship it anywhere in the world completely free of charge and I'll also cover any duties or fees if you're hit with them entering the giveaway is completely free but before I get into the details on and do that I'm just gonna give a quick shout out to the sponsor of this video Nord VPN Nord VPN is an extremely useful service that encrypts and protects all the data that you exchange online this means that your banking information your passwords and your browsing history in general is kept private without a VPN your internet service provider can see almost everything that you do and if you connect to public Wi-Fi everything you're doing online is completely open to hackers personally the idea of having any of my passwords or information stolen and potentially compromising something as important as my channel gives me a lot of anxiety to deal with this I make sure that I always use Nord VPN on my phone and I selectively use it on my desktop there apps available for many platforms it's as easy to use as just clicking a button and it lets you easily connect to over 4,500 VPN servers around the world anyway with that being said if you're like me and you want to keep everything you do on the internet private and safe you should definitely join Nord VPN they're offering all my viewers 77% off three air plans which you can get by going to Nord VPN dot-com slash Nile red or by clicking the link in the description ok so now for the giveaway it's pretty easy to enter and you just have to follow the link on the screen here or click the one in the description you can enter once or multiple times and to get an entry you either just have to follow me on Twitter subscribe to me on youtube or visit my Instagram you can also get one by just visiting my severely neglected Facebook page the drawing will be done in a week and I'll directly contact the winners through email and I'll also post them on Twitter as usual a big things goes out to all my supporters on patreon everyone who supports me can see my videos at least 24 hours before I post them to YouTube also everyone on patreon can directly message me and if you support me with $5 or more you'll get your name at the end like you see here

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rosh-x8x [2 likes]: this guy buys from SIGMA
  2. @Parchment_Sails [2 likes]: Health and safety: reminder kids, never mess around with things you don't understand 
Nile: I mixed these two random unlabeled chemicals from my radioactive cupboard and now I'm going to eat the random s*** it made
  3. @stephanieaston7178: This was fun to watch!
  4. @familytruitt282: .
  5. @webleepalot1515: Still the best to conk out too years later
  6. @pizzaprints: Came for cool gummy bears left with micro plastics
  7. @kitremy4510: Yeah I don't think he is updating a 7 year old video
  8. @af8312: suspend the DNBP in gelatin, and coat the paper with the gelatin. You may end up deactivating it with the heat, but that should be fixable with water again? Who knows.
  9. @annamccarrick5545: I would like to do chemistry too who else would like to do chemistry👇
  10. @Ev4lyn-is-a-silly: 1:05 sigh…
  11. @FartingChickens: Erm, what the SIGMA-ALDRICH?👆
  12. @chrisduncan5826: thats too much filtering for one project lol
  13. @GoblinMoment: Bro, why does he sound so different from what he does now???
  14. @dearmadmano8235: I know I'm late, but oh, how great it is to be a chemist. I'm in biology and we don't buy cheap precursors from sigma 😭😭. How much money could have been saved
  15. @tariqoja: Bëdnik schmöl 😢😢😢😢😢🎉😂😂😂
  16. @ju_lha: if u can make plastic, could u make Coca-Cola too?
  17. @zatr554: turn hair into mouthwash
  18. @TheRyaninspokane: Airbrush?
  19. @starlikesdogs: Sigma
  20. @mahamaysam: 8:09
When the auto-generated captions use Canadian spelling.

- How to Create Irresistible Thumbnails (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about thumbnails. If you want more views on YouTube, you have to make better thumbnails. This is such a critical piece that most people overlook. Because here's the truth that will really shock you. The game of YouTube, it's not about who can make the best videos. It's really about who can get the most people to click on their thumbnails and then watch a great video. It seems trivial, but it's actually the thumbnails that can make or break a channel. Now, I've been studying the biggest YouTube channels in the world, and it turns out they're all using the exact same thumbnail strategy. So, in this video, I'm going to break the whole thing down. This is the five-step playbook for making irresistible thumbnails that will supercharge your views. And by the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right. Now, before we get into it, let me just quickly say, if you don't think thumbnails are that important, look at this. This is my best performing video of all time. 1.2 2 million views and that's the thumbnail. Well, it turns out I actually made that video 6 months before and posted it on a different channel with this thumbnail. And on that channel, it capped out at 1,700 views. Same exact video. The only difference was the channel and a different thumbnail. And this single thumbnail change has been responsible for six figures in revenue for my business. That's how important thumbnails are. All right. Now, before we get into the five tactical steps for how to make a thumbnail, it's super helpful to understand the psychology of viewer behavior on YouTube. And when I say psychology, what I really mean is the process a viewer goes through to decide which video to click on. Now, you'd think the viewer psychology would be pretty straightforward. They see a picture, they click a picture, they watch the video, they're happy. But that's not exactly how it works. The psychology flow for viewers on YouTube happens in three steps. The first thing that happens is what I call the visual stun gun. A viewer is scrolling the explore feed or browsing the sidebar and they see something visual that catches their eye and this freezes their passive scanning brain and engages a more active target lock. Essentially, they switch into a comprehension mode and they're actively trying to figure out what it is that grabbed their attention. So, step one is that visual stun gun. You need to make the thumbnail compelling enough to visually trigger that stun gun effect. And there's actually seven different things you can do in the thumbnail design to give yourself the best chance to create that stun gun reaction. And I'm going to walk through those in a minute. But step one is that visual stun. Now, once the viewer is locked on and they've switched from a passive scrolling to an active comprehension mode, their interest is peaked. So then all they want to do is fully understand what the video could be about and what's in it for them. And here's a critical piece in the psychology flow. Typically, the viewer is not able to gather a full understanding of what the video is about from just the thumbnail alone. It may peak a ton of curiosity, but the image alone will not get them to click. And so, this is where step two happens, where they shift their attention from the image down to the title. And they do this because words are easier to concretely understand than images. Images give us more data, but they're often up to interpretation. Words are much clearer and more specific. So, in step two, the viewer then reads the title to get a more direct sense of what the video is going to be about. And I call step two title value hunting. The viewer is essentially looking at the title to understand if they should opt into watching because it's going to offer some value for them. This is why the title and thumbnail together are often referred to as YouTube packaging. You really can't win without optimizing for both and the viewer consumes both at the same time. Now, I'll explain in a minute how to optimize the clarity and clickability of the title, but just to reframe where we're at so far in the psychology flow. So far, the viewer started paying attention from the visual stun gun and then gut check the relevance of the video for them in the title value hunting. Now, here is where things get interesting. After value hunting the title, they still won't click because step three is when the viewer goes back up to the thumbnail to more deeply comprehend what's in it. And this is called visual validation. Now that the viewer has a firmer grasp of the topic and the promise made in the title, they can anchor when visually trying to comprehend what's going on in the thumbnail. If the thumbnail does a good job of supporting the value promised by the title, and the viewer wants that value, they're going to click. So, the psychology flow is thumbnail to title back to thumbnail. That's how a viewer consumes the information and decides to click. It's visual stun gun to title value hunting, back to visual validation. And understanding this flow is so important because it explains why certain YouTube packaging works better than others. If you have a thumbnail design that's easy to understand, but it doesn't pop visually, then you'll never pass the visual stun gun phase. If you have a thumbnail that visually grabs attention, but the title promise is weak, then it's going to get somebody to look at it, but they won't click because the promise isn't compelling. If you have a strong title and a visually interesting image, but the elements in the thumbnail themselves don't support that title promise, then the viewer is not going to click because they'll be confused. When you make your thumbnails, you want to gut check through all three phases in the flow. And if you don't believe me that this works, go ahead and glance down at the sidebar right now. The first thing you did was look at one of those thumbnail visuals. I guarantee you did not read the titles first. Now, based on that first look, you probably didn't fully absorb what the video was going to be about. you just saw bright colors or a big face. So then before you click, you'd actually have to look at the title to try to figure out what's going to happen in the video. And after that, you'd look back up at the thumbnail to gauge if the elements indicated trust that the promise communicated in the title would be delivered. It's not a magic trick. This is how the brain comprehends video options on YouTube. And all of that that I just described typically happens in 1 to two seconds for the viewer. What a fun game. All right. All right. Now, I promised I'd give you some tactical ways to improve your successes at each of those three psychology steps. So, here's what's on deck for the rest of this video. First, I'm going to break down the tactical enhancements that you can make at each of the three steps in the psychology flow that we just walked through. The visual stun gun, the title value hunt, and the visual validation. Then, I'm going to give you the full five-step formula for how to actually create a winning thumbnail for every single video. This will become your thumbnail playbook. Think of it like a checklist for how to approach making thumbnails. And then finally, at the end, I'm going to rapid fire a bunch of nonobvious but tactical lessons that I've picked up over the last couple months as we've grown on YouTube. All right, let's dive into it. So, to revisit the three psychology steps that we just went through, visual stun gun, title value hunting, visual validation. Let's start with the visual stun gun. What can we do in the thumbnail to create this visual stun gun effect? Now, by definition, you need the thumbnail to grab the viewers's attention immediately. And like I said, they're not going to comprehend the full thing at this stage, but we just need something to pop to turn that passive scanning into active comprehension seeking. This is the red berries and the green leaf effect. Something visual has to grab their attention. Now, as I mentioned, there's seven categories of things that you could put in your thumbnail to increase your chances that this effect occurs. The first one is to use specific color science to create visual contrast in the thumbnail. Now, this means you can either use contrasting colors within your thumbnail or make your entire thumbnail a color that contrasts with other competitor videos in your niche. Doing this within your thumbnail would be using vivid or bright colors that pop against the background. And this could be orange elements against a blue background or white elements against a dark background or vice versa. The best example of this is Ryan Tran's thumbnail from this video here. That orange jumpsuit pops against a black and white background so well. Now, color contrast against your category would be doing something like making a lighter thumbnail when all of your competitors use dark themes. And that's what we've done on my channel, which is why our thumbnails pop so well. Essentially, this tactic would be to use color to create some visual pop. Now, the second way to trigger the visual stun gun is to use a large face on the image. And this can either be a recognizable face like a celebrity or a famous creator or a non-recognizable face with a recognizable emotion. The truth is, when you're starting out on your own channel, you're a relative nobody. And so, the recognizability factor of your own face is extremely low. And so, using yourself when you're small doesn't really help you. In fact, it may hurt you if people don't trust that you can fulfill the promise based on the way you look. But creating the right emotion on your face, typically shock or surprise, can supersede the fact that nobody recognizes who you are. Now, the third option for creating this visual stud effect would be to use some visually compelling graphic. essentially some visual that draws attention because of the bright colors or the way it's designed. For example, this video on my channel about psychology, we used a phone graphic, but we put that optical illusion pattern to immediately draw your attention. The fourth thing you could add would be large text, big numbers, or dollars in huge font on the screen. And this works because people's brains are like magnets to words, especially if they're big, round numbers. And of course, I use this tactic all the time in my thumbnails. And you can see a couple examples of that here and here. Now, fifth would be to use red circles or red arrows to literally aim someone's attention for where you want them to look. Sixth would be using aesthetic imagery, something cinematic or super soothing to look at, symmetrical or with balanced colors. I don't typically do this style on my channel, but this guy right here is a master at this type of thumbnail. And seventh would be to use some sort of designbased collage, either words or numbers all around the subject to create that kind of collage effect. And you can see an example of us doing this on our channel where it worked really well. Now, in a second, I'm going to give you a lot more tips about how many of those elements you should use, where you should place them, and how to go about actually designing the thumbnail. But just remember, in step one, all you really need is to create that initial visual stun effect so that they look down at the title. All right, let's keep going. Okay, so step two in the psychology flow is title value hunting. And this is when the viewer goes from the thumbnail down to the title to actively comprehend and try to figure out if this video is going to be valuable for them. Now, I'm not going to go all the way down the rabbit hole into titles in this video because it would just be way too long. But the secret to writing a great title is that you want to create a perceived value loop. A perceived value loop is when the viewer has clarity on the value they will receive if they click and watch. For educational videos, I call this a desire loop. And for entertainment videos, I call this an interest loop. A desire loop is when you use words to trigger a pain point that's preventing a desire they want. Maybe it's money, growth, or followers. An interest loop is when you use words to trigger their curiosity around a question that they have that's unanswered. And this could be broader. What happens next? How might this end? What might this character do? So, let's look at my YouTube script writing video, which has 150,000 views, and kind of break down what we did to create this desire loop. The title for this was how to write a killer script that keeps viewers hooked. And of course, my content is educational, so I'm working with a desire loop instead of an interest loop here. And the desire I'm trying to trigger with this title is reminding you that you want your viewers to watch your stuff for longer. And the title directly triggers that desire by saying the words that keeps viewers hooked. Now, to make sure that I open that desire loop in your mind, I also reference the pain point you have, writing bad scripts, by suggesting a solution that I have, writing killer scripts. And at this point, if the viewer has that desire, getting people to watch and stay watching, and the pain point their scripts aren't that good, they're going to be extremely eager to want to click. And this is just base psychology at the most fundamental level. This whole thumbnail game is just a cat-and- mouse game of desire and trust. Does the viewer desire what you're saying or showing in the title thumbnail? And then, do they trust that you're going to be the one to deliver it based on what you show in the thumbnail? So tactically, if you're trying to increase the chances that the viewer goes from the title back up to the thumbnail and clicks, you need to make sure that title triggers the desire loop that you want to trigger. And we'll dive much deeper into that on a future video on titles specifically. All right. Now, the third step in this psychology flow, visual validation, is really where the thumbnail design really comes into play. Because at this point, the viewer is ready to opt in and they have that written clarity on what the title is saying. So now they're going back to the thumbnail to try to confirm the comprehension of what the image is showing. And this is where we're going to focus on which elements to include, how many you should include, and why. Now, at this point, you'll realize you don't want the thumbnail to repeat what the title is saying directly. And this is because you want to think of the thumbnail as an additional surface that you can add trust and clarity for when they click that they'll get the promise made in the title. So, in this case with my script writing video, I use that squiggly storyline in the background and then the words basically cheating to reinforce the perception that yes, I have a script writing method that feels like cheating that will solve your pain point of writing bad scripts and fulfill the desire you have, which is to keep viewers watching. Now, let's break down the action steps and general guidelines for what you should include in your thumbnail so that you can increase this comprehension moment and get people to click. The first rule is that you want three elements max in the design. There's seven categories, but you only want to use three of them. And this is because thumbnails are actually pretty small when people look at them, especially on mobile. If you use too many small elements, they're not actually going to be able to see or comprehend what they're showing. Now, for me, in my thumbnails, we typically use a picture of me, some text, and then some graphic element. If you're using a face, make sure the emotion on the face matches the emotion that a viewer should feel when they watch the video. This is why the Mr. Beast shock face is so popular. He's trying to subconsciously trigger that you will be shocked if you click and watch. Now, if you use big text on the screen, you need it to complement and reinforce the promise made in the title. And again, for this script writing example, I use the words basically cheating. We could have written something like scriptw writing masterclass, but that would have been redundant to what was communicated already in the title. It's always more powerful to describe the silent feeling or action that someone's going to have versus the redundant descriptor of what's going to go on. This title text plus thumbnail text needs to increase comprehension and trust, not be neutral or decrease it. And then lastly, if you use some graphic or visual element, it needs to be clear what this actually represents. For example, in this thumbnail, we knew the video was going to be about editing, and so we use this arc version of the timeline to represent that visually. All right. Now, before I go on to break down the tactical five-step formula, I just wanted to mention if you're trying to get better with content and you're not currently a member of Wavy World, you definitely should be. Wavy World is my content community with over 19,000 entrepreneurs, creators, and business owners that are all working together to improve their content, and it's completely free to join. I've got an invite link for you in the description. All right, now that we've done a full deep dive on the psychology, I want to break down the tactical five-step playbook for how to actually make thumbnails. Hopefully, this will become a checklist and guide every time you make a video. Okay, now step one is the approach. You need to approach making your thumbnail as if it's the most important part of the video. And that's because it is. And Mr. Beast is famous for saying this. If they don't click, they don't watch. And if they don't watch, there's really no point in even making the video in the first place. So, this means you need to be taking a professional approach to making thumbnails. Now, if you're like me and you're a business owner that's trying to take YouTube seriously, that means you should be outsourcing thumbnails immediately. As soon as I realized just how important thumbnails were to winning on YouTube, I hired a pro as fast as I could. If you want the intro to my preferred thumbnail agency, I've got the link below in the description. You could also try to find and hire thumbnail designers directly using sites like onlinejob.ph or ytjob.co or you could go to Upwork. We also have a bunch of thumbnail designers in Wavyworld that are always looking to partner with different creators. But I will say all of those other routes require a bunch of leg work because you have to sort through applications. But regardless of who you find or where you find them, I recommend hiring a thumbnail designer immediately. Now, don't worry if you can't afford to outsource this yet. I've got the full playbook coming right here. All right, so let's move on to step two, the curiosity gap, desire loops, painoint, and solutions. Before you actually break ground on designing the image, you want to ask yourself, what is the desire or interest loop that I'm trying to create with this packaging? Now, for the rest of this video, I'm going to be talking about the playbook from an educational point of view, but the same thing works for entertainment. So, if I was going through this process, I would ask myself, what is the desire loop for this video? And typically for educational content, the core desire is going to be making money, saving time, or getting healthy. And each of these obviously can be achieved in different ways. For my content personally, I'm laser focused on helping business owners improve their content to grow their businesses. And so, the desire loop in my videos is helping people grow faster or make better content. So from there, once you have the desire loop, you then need to identify the specific pain point and solution that makes sense for this specific video. So let's take one of my recent videos as an example to break down this formula. This is a video where I talk about how I went from zero to 100K on YouTube in just 5 months. Now, the pain point I'm targeting for the viewer is I'm growing too slow on YouTube and I want to grow faster. And the solution is I have ways and methods that I use to grow faster that I can share with you. Now, the curiosity loop that I'm trying to build in your brain from this specific packaging is if I click on this video, will I be able to grow faster on YouTube? And of course, the desire loop again is I want to grow faster on YouTube. So, before you actually break ground on the thumbnail and title, you kind of need to have this dialed in your head. And now we can move on to step three, which is concepting the elements and composition of the thumbnail design. Okay, so in step three, we're going to start figuring out the exact elements we want to use and the composition of the image. And now I already talked about those seven core elements and the fact that really you should only use three maxs in your design. And as a reminder, these are the core elements. Faces with emotion, visually compelling graphics, large text numbers or dollars, aesthetic imagery, or maximalist design collages. We also mentioned red circles and arrows and color contrast. But those two things can kind of be used in conjunction with the first five elements because they're more complimentary. So, when you're coming up with a concept for your thumbnails, I recommend coming up with the elements first and then you can figure out the composition for layout in a minute. Now, I'll explain more specific tactics on how to make each of those better in a second. But just at this stage in step three, you're just concepting and sketching to try to get a sense for what those elements could be. This is the measure twice, cut once of the design process. What we like to do is make a list of the full graphic items or text phrases that we might be able to use just so we have options to pull from. Now, once you have that list and kind of a sense for what those elements could be, the next thing you want to figure out is the composition of those elements on the page. And again, we haven't designed them yet. This is just a lowquality sketch with pencil that takes a few seconds, but just to try to lay it out in your head for what it might look like. Now, for composition inspiration, essentially what the image could look like, it's usually helpful to look at other competition in your niche that has done well. And you can do that with one of 10 or Vid IQ. There are typically three main types of composition. The first one is symmetrical where the main subject is in the middle and then either side is relatively the same. The second is asymmetrical where based on the rule of thirds the main subject is either a third on the left or right and then you fill out the remainder of the image. And the third composition is AB where the screen is actually split into two and you're showing a transformation from A to B. And I've had success with all three composition types on my channel. It just depends on what the specific design calls for and what we're trying to get across. Okay, so that was step three. You've brainstormed and ideulated what some of the right elements and text items could be. You've sketched the composition and you have a general sense for what the image should look like. All right. Now, step four is to actually design the full image. And I'm not a pro graphic designer. That's why I partnered with a thumbnail expert. But here are some specific tips for how to increase the effectiveness of your thumbnail design. Overall, you want all of the graphic elements as high quality as you can possibly get them. You want the text easy to read and everything well spaced so it doesn't look too crowded. Make sure to apply saturation or color adjustments so that things look brighter versus duller. If you need to upscale an image because it's too grainy at the size you're dragging it, I like to use magnific.ai. Now, if you're using a visual graphic as one of your three elements, you want it to be something that immediately represents the desire loop. And the desire loop is basically the transformation that somebody wants. So, there are four simple ways you can think about what that graphic could be. And I'm going to show you each one using a thumbnail from Ali Abdal. The first option is to show the end state of what someone wants. This could be like a PayPal screenshot showing the dollars earned in their account. The second option is to show some visual from a process or visualize the full process that they would go through in the transformation. The third option is to literally show the before and after. And this works really well with the split screen or an arrow from one to the other. And then the fourth option would be to use a graphic to show the anti-transformation state or the pain point. Remind them of the pain that you're helping them solve. So that's for the graphic. Now, when it comes to selecting the text that goes on the screen with the graphic, you want the person to read the text and immediately remember either the pain that they feel or the solution that they'll solve after they watch. And these are basically two sides of the same psychology coin. So, for this thumbnail I just showed you, Ali uses the word alone to re-trigger the pain that it feels like when you're lonely. But for this one, he references the 108010 rule, which is a specific solution for managing your time. So, that's the text on the screen. Now, when it comes to picking an image or a person, try this. If your video actually talks about some celebrity or personal brand, consider using them in the thumbnail. And this is because known figures with personal brands have words or terms that are already attached when you see their faces. It's like increased comprehension when you see them. But don't use someone that doesn't represent the desire loop you're communicating in the title, or it may backfire. Now, if your video doesn't really reference anyone in your category, you could consider using yourself as the subject or face in the thumbnail. However, like I said before, if nobody knows you, this could backfire as a risk because they'll decide they don't trust you because they don't know you. Often times, if you're newer, it could be better not to use a face than to use one that's pretty unknown. Of course, the design part of this process takes a long time and a lot of reps get good at, which is why outsourcing to a professional is recommended. Now, just to give you one more example of my own videos breaking down the final design, here's what we were thinking through when we made the thumbnail for this video. Again, this is the one about my YouTube growth. So, for this one, the elements we used were a picture of me smiling, the YouTube plaque, and then text that said, "I did it in 5 months." Now, the reason we used me smiling in the photo is because we wanted to symbolize the feeling that a viewer would feel if they got their channel to grow faster, happy. And the text is pretty basic, but we underlined the number five to emphasize how fast the speed was. And then we included the YouTube plaque because that plaque is a representation for success on YouTube. All these elements were selected intentionally to trigger the desire loop of someone wanting to grow faster on YouTube. All right. Now, step five, the last step in the process is testing. Once you have the thumbnail designed, you should use something like clickpilot.app to see how it'll look in the explore feed or in the sidebar. This software also lets you pick specific channels that you want to test your thumbnails against that are often competitors that will come up in other viewers feeds. And lastly, and this is super important, you should not leave your video's performance up to chance with just a single thumbnail. And I know it's going to sound crazy after all the work you just did, but you really should be testing with at least three thumbnails. The biggest channels in the world run dozens of thumbnails against each other for every single video. Steven Bartlett apparently tests a hundred different thumbnails for every video of Diver CEO that he puts out. And just to be transparent about what actually goes on behind the scenes, for this video, zero to 100K on YouTube, we made seven different thumbnail designs, and we ABC tested the best three. We like to use YouTube's native ABC test tool, but if you want to get crazier with more options and title combinations, you can use thumbnailest.com to do that. Because the truth is, even though we were pretty sure we knew what would work in the thumbnail, we didn't want to leave it up to chance. And so that's why we pick three options and let the market decide. All right, so there you have it. That is the five-step tactical playbook for how to actually make thumbnails. Step one is the approach. Step two is to define what that desire loop is. Step three is concepting. Step four is the design. And then step five is testing. Now, before I end this video, I just want to rapid fire a bunch of non-obvious and tactical learnings that we've picked up over the last couple months really honing in our thumbnail process. Number one is to use green and red as colors to explain good and bad. Any other colors are not going to be as helpful because the comprehension is not baked in automatically. Number two, do not use a design element that gets covered up in the bottom right corner. If you look at your channel, you'll see the timestamp of all the videos overlaid here. And if that blocks a certain word, like it's doing on this video, it can be harder to understand what's going on in the thumbnail. Number three, if you want to make it easier for your thumbnail designer to make a ton of variations with high quality imagery, you should have one photo shoot session, take your camera on 4K or record a video at 4K 60 frames per second and make a ton of different poses. Here's what I recommend. Varying emotions, happy, sad, surprised, shocked, pointing up with the right hand, up with the left hand, down with the right hand, down with the left hand, open hand, closed hand, a bunch of different poses. It'll look crazy and seem insane for 5 to 10 minutes. Do this and then give them that file. All of a sudden, they'll have tons of different pictures to choose from and you'll never have to photoshoot again. Number four, I've mentioned a bunch of times in this video, but just to reiterate, the emotion on the face in the thumbnail is actually a great way to subconsciously skew what the promise will be to the viewer. So, make sure you're using the right emotion and you're taking enough photos to give your thumbnail designer options. Number five, don't use design elements that are too small. Imagine your thumbnail shown as 1/16th on a iPhone 6 screen. This tiny little screen, tiny little image, don't make design elements too small. Make sure they're big and only include three in the frame. Number six, if you're struggling to create separation between you as your face and the background or text in the background, use shadows. Shadows and shading are a great way to create visual separation. Number seven is about clickbait. Everybody says you don't want to clickbait. That's completely false. You 100% want to bait the click. That is your job with the thumbnail. But clickbait is only clickbait when the content doesn't match the promise. If the content is good, then baiting the click is simply required to get people to watch. Number eight is about building a thumbnail swipe file. A good way to dial in your style over time is to just have a folder on your computer where anytime you see an interesting thumbnail, screenshot and dump it in. You can share that folder with your thumbnail designer and they can use that as a starter for ideas. You can also go on one of 10 and Vid IQ and use their thumbnail features to save these as well. And the last tip, and I'll say it again because it's so important, do not wait until the last hour to rush and try to throw together a thumbnail before you post a video. You're doing things in the wrong order. If people don't click, they won't watch. And then making the video is really worthless if you can't get them to click. This means you either need to start your process making the thumbnail or at least have a really good idea for it or hire a professional to do this for you. Like I said, the way I do this on my channel to make it completely stress free is I have an ideas team that comes up with the ideas, comes up with the titles, comes up with a thumbnail design, and then I hand that dock to my thumbnail designer who will design seven options, and we can pressure test three. If you want intros to both of those parties, I've got links below. All right, guys, that is all I've got for this video, and we covered a ton of ground. As a summary, first, we went through the psychology flow of a viewer on YouTube and how they decide which video to click on. We also broke down the seven different visual elements that you can use to create that visual stun gun effect. Then we walked through the five-step tactical thumbnail playbook that you can use as a checklist and a guide moving forward for every video. And lastly, we covered nine non-obvious tactical tips, little things here and there that would just boost your performance over time. As always, I try to put everything I have into making the best videos in the content creation space. So, if you like this, please like, subscribe, leave a comment, and let me know what you want to watch next. And also in the description, I have so many other free resources and guides. I really just want to see more people win. So check those out and we will see you guys on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [6 likes]: Work with me (to grow on YouTube): https://kallaway.co/youtubeacademy
  2. @miryanski [3 likes]: I actually clicked on this video solely by looking at the thumbnail.
  3. @zeezypher [1 likes]: 21:47 thanks so much for explaining this. I tried adding my face to some of my thumbnails and my CTR just tanked almost immediately
  4. @kypaintster [1 likes]: Thanks,  Very Helpful!
  5. @HiddenEarth-map [1 likes]: This is very helpfull thanks
  6. @emmericdupreez: Best video to date on this topic! Thank you and well done🎉
  7. @Cooldowns9527: Well done with the video, man. It's very helpful and pleasant to watch.
  8. @YouTubeOperatorAcademy: Thumbnail wins usually come from one readable focal point. I’d keep it to one subject, one emotion, and one clear promise at a small size.
  9. @MAKOTO_SHISHIO: I really enjoy this guy's videos—they're amazing, seriously.
  10. @IgnacioHerraezGonzalez: Such an amazing video mate. Congratulations!
  11. @FinancialFreedom101-k5u: He is moving his hands more than necessary, expressions also too much 😅
  12. @Kenny-Ross: Hands down the best video on how to create professional click-worthy thumbnails. I love when information is delivered in an organized and detailed manner. The presentation of everything was excellent! Thank you Kallaway! 🫵
  13. @adamitasargore7817: thank you!!
  14. @Viitorvoiceworld: really helpful, thx
  15. @SabrinaFecteau-f8s: Thank you.
  16. @Hggg-q7q: This video is actually more then a paid course. Thanks bro❤
  17. @reshmathakur4167: Please make a video on how to make a title
  18. @Alex-dk4px: Too much UNORGANIC hand movement.
  19. @iconxxxxx: @kallawaymarketing Please, which app or software do You use to create thumbnails?
  20. @chelseaaariyanna: I definitely need to work on my thumbnails nd working on a cohesive flow for channel recognition

- How to Create Irresistible Thumbnails w/ @heavyspoilers: Kind: captions Language: en two final questions for you these ones are a little bit specific you created a thumbnail that got 18 million clicks yeah that right yeah it's I I will never make that mistake again until tomorrow when it's up to 19 million views but but that's by the time this video comes out it'll be 25 million views it'll be something like that yeah yeah um so yeah you created a thumbnail enticing enough to get 18 plus million people to click on it what is your best thumbnail advice because that's it the key if you want people your channel to grow you got to get people to click on a video and then stick around so YouTube keeps recommending it how do you create those enticing thumbnails yeah so the way you have to look at it is well I look at it anyway is people you need to have a thumbnail catchy enough that people look at it and then read the title of the video to see actually what the video is about and it needs to be bright and vibrant don't use nighttime shots because often they suck and just you know find the image that really stands out in your mind when you're watching something if you're watching a trailer what is the thing that I remember from this the most and try and capture that and interestingly the the two thumbnails that have blown up for me are very similar so they have a character in The Forefront a circle behind them over the shoulder and an arrow going across them pointing to that Circle I don't know if that's the the amazing new format I'm gonna just keep doing but that seems to catch people's eyes um and I did have well I didn't so Philip Molina from new rockstars I've been talking to him for a while and when I was doing the thumbnails I was just showing him which one do you think is the best out of these two and we said this will maybe make the circle bigger you know put some Targets in so stuff kind of stands out a bit more and it's just kind of getting in those processes and also having someone who knows what that talking about that you can kind of send things to and be like is this the one I should use or is this the one I should use so just kind of growing the community cross-referencing it with people even my wife sometimes I'll have two different thumbnail designs I'll go which one yeah that's because she's just a common person so she'll have a better understanding of just a person scrolling through YouTube yeah that's for me I'll create four different versions of a thumbnail and then I'll show it to my wife I'll intentionally hold it across the room because people are looking on their phones it's this little image and so which one of these looks better when it's small and it's not right there yeah and but that once again people think like yeah his thumbnail it doesn't matter all that much is Just slap a picture up there picture me pointing or something like that no like you need to like stop and spend time on it trying to think like how do I make this enticing yeah definitely and I think one of the ones especially I where you can if you let listen to the comments section and stuff where you start putting arrows in circles and stuff you're like oh that's just clickbait you're just trying to know is if what I'm teasing in the thumbnail is delivered on in the video if I'm teasing what's actually in there that's not cool it's a very used overused term right it's it's enticing and is not click bait yeah click bait is dishonest yeah uh enticing by being dishonest um and so like I did some breakdowns like the in-game trailer and I had a circle around scarjo's hair and and people are like oh you're doing clickbait you're just putting a circle around your hair like no my theory is there's a time Jump in this movie because her hair looks different at different points in time of the trailer and so I think something is up about with her hair which is true that was a thing that happened in the movie yeah and and that's where you think like you can't just let be afraid of doing things with your thumbnail because of the most cynical person in the comment section yeah definitely and I have been guilty of that in the past where I've went with a less like clickbaity thumbnail because I knew people would get angry about it and write comments so I've just kind of went oh I'll go with the rubbish thumbnail instead yeah but yeah you kind of do need to appeal to people um but a lot of the time you don't know what will I I I make thumbnails every day and I've still got no idea whether it's the best one or not right so it's just about experimenting with your format and from that building a brand I'm pretty sure now most people can look at one of my thumbnails and not know that it's me yeah and say this is heavy spoilers because you kind of build a brand around what your thumbnails are just like the nature of the circle that you use in the little the color yeah the the white and yellow text um the logo in the top Corner yeah just all little things that kind of make me me it like 3C the font that he uses it's very readable not small but it has just this the simple wiggle to it that makes you I see it and I go okay that's a 3C because it's that it's his fine yeah 100 yeah in little things like that just immediately build a brand that let people know what they can expect from that video but I think also like I said experimenting creating multiple different versions and deciding the best one that's it's wasted work in a sense because you create three things you don't use but the December to switch them though if I'm like oh a list thumbnail hasn't worked yesterday I changed Uncharted thumbnail three times um and yeah so it's not always wasted but yeah it's very much trial and error it I do the exact same thing of like if it's not getting traction okay let me switch it out or if I post a video I'm like really surprised it's not gonna work maybe I'll create a new one that's a whole new different concept for the thumbnail yeah um and that's tracking click-through rate on how well it does uh actually it's um tubebuddy has a feature if you do their top one where you can a B test thumbnails oh really I mean it's it's the 50 a month one so it's not cheap it's but so if you're like really trying to yeah I've got that as well I didn't even know that yeah there's an a b a b testing and it basically you can do two week tests and every day it switches them and it tracks through all the analytics and does it I mean it does this incredible deep dive into it and so I don't have enough free time every month to create enough to do enough tests but every few months I'll just kind of run all of my videos that are kind of Evergreen and do a b tests and pick the one and it like lets you know like the percentage-wise how much each one is which one is doing better in one percent improved click-through rate that is an incredible leap in click-through rate because the way what click to read means yeah and you just start to discover what works in your thumbnails and what works for a specific video and that's one of the things I've been doing this year to just trying to slowly increase click-through rate and things like that to get the best part to look through that yeah because I often design different thumbnails and don't know

  Top Comments:
  1. @WhatDidIMiss [1 likes]: Great video!  What do you consider a good click through rate for a video for the first 24 hours or so?  What do you expect to see on a successful video a week later?  Thanks for the info!!
  2. @bingewithanurag [1 likes]: Thumbnail is very major part of the video . I just posted a video & hassled with the thumbnail & posted it . Got 0 views , then made a new one with effort , changed the old thumbnail & got 25 views . The best part is i am getting views steadily
  3. @realcreators4766: The full Heavy Spoilers interview has been posted.  Here are all the different parts
Part 1 - The Heavy Spoilers Story - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM4BJL0oCfU
Part 2 - Heavy Spoilers Secret to Growth - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3SU63lKKKk
Part 3 - Sustaining Momentum on YouTube - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzNYutHPUMc
Part 4 - Tips for Starting on YouTube - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Mn_g5hhIZ8
Part 5 - How to Revive a Dead Channel - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mAdi71X3KU&t=3s
Part 6 - How to Create Irresistible Thumbnails - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY_GDUI0oX0
Part 7 - How to Fight Copyright Claims - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JAzaMdkbIM
  4. @WolfmansGotNards: Totally agree with all of this. I get the usual "this is clickbait" with my enticing thumbnails. But it only happens when the videos become popular. But great thumbnails are key.

There's nothing worse than bad font or colour that isn't contrasting enough with the images used with them. Once people get it right, it's half the battle.

- How I Actually Make Viral Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I made only 3 videos on this channel&nbsp; and all of them got over 100,000 views believe it or not it all&nbsp; comes down to these 4 steps&nbsp; I already explained how I use&nbsp; storytelling to get more retention&nbsp; now it's time for step 2... you ready?&nbsp; if no one clicks on the video they don't watch&nbsp; point of the thumbnail is to create a journey&nbsp;&nbsp; from the thumbnail to even the high quality images are crucial&nbsp; add some intrique and make people want to know what happens next&nbsp; doesn't make any sense does it? we need to make better thumbnails...&nbsp; I don't mean these guys are wrong but let's&nbsp; be real you already know all these basics&nbsp; even if you don't they're just common sense&nbsp; do you really need to be told to keep your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail simple 5 different times in 5&nbsp; different videos from 5 different gurus?&nbsp; I guess not so here's the full&nbsp;&nbsp; guide on how to actually make a thumbnail&nbsp; that gets clicks we will go from the design&nbsp;&nbsp; rules I use to thumbnail types getting inspiration&nbsp; branding word choice visual effects testing and...&nbsp; the first rule is pretty simple but it takes your&nbsp; design from a mess to a piece of art just take&nbsp;&nbsp; any popular youtuber's thumbnail and and draw 4&nbsp; lines like that do you see what's going on there?&nbsp; almost all of them even my thumbnails&nbsp; follow these lines at the core&nbsp; well you might know the rule of thirds&nbsp; from photography which basically says&nbsp; put the objects over these&nbsp; lines to get a nice shot&nbsp; that's why almost every channel&nbsp; has a thumbnail like this&nbsp; because it works so just add those lines to&nbsp;&nbsp; guide you throughout the entire design trust me it's a game changer&nbsp; we'll come back to the layout but before&nbsp; that you need to choose a color...&nbsp; you probably heard people talking about the color&nbsp; wheel the idea is to get enough contrast in your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail you should choose two opposite colors&nbsp; from this circle and if you dive deeper you would&nbsp;&nbsp; see there are more techniques that's used to&nbsp; get fancy combinations but here's the plot...&nbsp; I don't use them there's a much easier way&nbsp; to find a color for your thumbnail and for&nbsp;&nbsp; your entire channel so here's what I do take any&nbsp; color you like as your main color I chose yellow&nbsp;&nbsp; for mine then add three more one black one&nbsp; white and one in the middle you can slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak these to match your main color but I like&nbsp; to keep it simple and finally add another color&nbsp;&nbsp; to highlight things there we go go a color palette&nbsp; that's actually useful even though my sister says&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like a Minecraft house made from diamond&nbsp; and gold I like it you can use it in your editing&nbsp;&nbsp; too but that's for another video now you might ask&nbsp; wouldn't that be too repetitive if I use the same&nbsp;&nbsp; colors in all my thumbnails? that's right!&nbsp; the solution is simple just change the highlight&nbsp; color that way you can keep the fresh vibes&nbsp;&nbsp; while still being recognizable by your viewers it's simple just pick a basic font that isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; overused and you're good to go for those those who&nbsp; are asking the fwn I use is called "eastman" and&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks pretty good all right we talked about the&nbsp; rule of thirds and how to make a good layout it's&nbsp;&nbsp; nice but you can't just invent something new&nbsp; in this square for every single video right?&nbsp; well you don't have to if you paid attention while&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing on the homepage you may already&nbsp; have catched some thumbnail types that most&nbsp;&nbsp; youtubers are using shout out to this legend&nbsp; for breaking them down into 21 categories but&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the best 10 that will work for 99% of&nbsp; the time youtubers like Airrack and Mrbeast use&nbsp;&nbsp; that style all the time but even if you're&nbsp; not an entertainment channel you can still&nbsp;&nbsp; use this type of thumbnail take a look at this hey what's he doing?! dude put that chicken down!&nbsp;&nbsp; oh this is how airplane engines are tested... they test it with chickens?!&nbsp; see that's the target emotion of these&nbsp; thumbnails just shock the viewer while&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolling on the homepage and make them clip&nbsp; it's easier to say but think about what you&nbsp;&nbsp; have in your video that would shock the viewers&nbsp; of course big things always get more attention&nbsp;&nbsp; don't take this out of context people are&nbsp; curious to know what a $50 million house&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like or how this dude earns $900 just by&nbsp; listening to music until they realize he doesn't among all those over edited and screaming&nbsp; thumbnails another way to stand out is&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping it really simple just an interesting&nbsp; chat from discord a chair a red button or this&nbsp;&nbsp; thing whatever this is may get more attention it's&nbsp; usually just a screenshot shot from the video and&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple question that makes you curious to know&nbsp; what's going on channels like Dr Insanity or Zack&nbsp;&nbsp; are doing it so good that it makes it impossible&nbsp; to skip if you're a small channel and a popular&nbsp;&nbsp; niche social hacking is probably the best way to&nbsp; gain the first traction basically take the face of&nbsp;&nbsp; a famous person in your Niche and slap it into&nbsp; your thumbnail oh the video must be about that&nbsp;&nbsp; person though otherwise it's called clickbait all&nbsp; the videos you see with Mrbeast's face are using&nbsp;&nbsp; this strategy and it works pretty well even dream&nbsp; used in his first videos so don't underestimate&nbsp;&nbsp; the power of a popular face all right let's&nbsp; speed things up this is the style you see all&nbsp;&nbsp; over youtube just the creator next to something&nbsp; bigger yeah the one I use in this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; basically an interesting text at the top to give&nbsp; more context about the video it can be anything to&nbsp;&nbsp; compare to before and after something cheap versus&nbsp; expensive iPhone versus Android fin versus AI you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the point blurring the main character or the&nbsp; final result so people have to click to find out I don't know if you realize but all of those viral&nbsp; thumbnails that I showed in this video and even&nbsp;&nbsp; all the ones that you saw on your homepage have&nbsp; one thing in common they're not just using one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these formulas they're combining them look&nbsp; at Mrwhosetheboss' series where he buys every&nbsp;&nbsp; release of a tech like iPhone or Playstation I&nbsp; showed you this in big numbers but if you look&nbsp;&nbsp; closer you would see that he also uses header&nbsp; comparison and even social hacking formulas all&nbsp;&nbsp; at once or take a look at this chair which&nbsp; types could you spot it's branded because&nbsp;&nbsp; of their logo right here it's simple because&nbsp; well there's nothing else than a chair and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; using social hacking because everyone saw this&nbsp; chair at least once we can even include it as&nbsp;&nbsp; a weird object if you think chairs are weird?... even I used big numbers and header styles in my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video on this channel I wouldn't say it's&nbsp; very creative but it worked for sure I can go&nbsp;&nbsp; on with all the thumbnails that I showed but the&nbsp; idea is choose two or three styles combine them&nbsp;&nbsp; and try to stick to it for around five videos&nbsp; it will make your audience understand it's&nbsp;&nbsp; your style but don't stick to it for too long&nbsp; because using the same formula 100 times would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably make the viewers feel like you just keep&nbsp; repeating yourself and it will lower the chances&nbsp;&nbsp; of click unless you're a reaction channel... well it's one of the most popular advice that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can hear from youtube gurus just look what&nbsp; other youtubers in your niche are doing and try&nbsp;&nbsp; to replicate but I completely disagree with that&nbsp; and I have evidence to support my opinion take my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video as an example trying youtube shorts&nbsp; is definitely not a unique video idea what about&nbsp;&nbsp; the thumbnail that style seems to work for many&nbsp; people well in that case you're a smart guy just&nbsp;&nbsp; copy what works right the problem is you're not&nbsp; the only one that is the worst thing to do if&nbsp;&nbsp; you see many similar thumbnails from different&nbsp; channels about the same topic hopping on that&nbsp;&nbsp; train is probably not a good idea if so many&nbsp; channels are already doing that it's the cliche&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail now and your audiences are basically&nbsp; the same so there's no reason for people to click&nbsp;&nbsp; on your zero view video instead of their 100k even worse people will probably notice they're&nbsp;&nbsp; too similar and you might become just a copycat&nbsp; of your competitor so what should you do then you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't reinvent the wheel for each new video right? well...&nbsp; just kidding of course it's not really possible&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that if you're posting consistently sooner&nbsp; or later you'll run out of thumbnail ideas and&nbsp;&nbsp; when that happens you should just look at channels&nbsp; outside your niche for that video I went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the channels I follow in completely different&nbsp; niches and came up with this thumbnail same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; applies to almost all of them so get inspiration&nbsp; from the channels with different niches that will&nbsp;&nbsp; make your video stand out from the crowd because&nbsp; your audience with those channels are different&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's the same with all these other channels&nbsp; so when it appears alongside those yours will&nbsp;&nbsp; be much more likely to get more attention experimenting with new things is always&nbsp;&nbsp; good but just try to keep the core elements like&nbsp; colors fonts and style consistent that makes your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience notice your video on the home screen&nbsp; way faster and with enough time boosts the CTR&nbsp; this is where you got to be creative you can&nbsp; use a big number if that suits your video a&nbsp;&nbsp; bold statement opposite of a common belief&nbsp; or just a title that represents your video&nbsp; if nothing fits well leaving it blank is always&nbsp; an option congratulations you just learned how&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a viral thumbnail right I don't think&nbsp; so look you learned the theory which is really&nbsp;&nbsp; important but it doesn't mean anything if you&nbsp; don't know how to use them most people will&nbsp;&nbsp; probably close the video at this point take all&nbsp; that information and go make a thumbnail like this&nbsp; but if you stick around you'll learn how I turn&nbsp; this into this hey Finn what do you call it?&nbsp; Photoshop baby!! PhOtOsHOp BaByYy how you say it like that...&nbsp; with just a few simple effects and some ancient&nbsp; Photoshop sorcery that I learned from this guy&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah hey everyone I'm still here here got stuck in&nbsp; this timeline dude you need to work on your jokes&nbsp; PHOTOSHOP... after choosing your&nbsp;&nbsp; concept and sketching a detailed draft on paper&nbsp; open Photoshop create a new project get your lines&nbsp;&nbsp; add your character text a nice background and&nbsp; other elements it already looks better than that&nbsp; make the text fancier by double clicking here&nbsp; then change the color add inner glow outer glow&nbsp;&nbsp; and whatever this is just tweak the settings&nbsp; to make the unique effect you want here are&nbsp;&nbsp; the adjustments that I usually do if you want to&nbsp; get a similar style after you're happy with the&nbsp;&nbsp; look save it as a new style to use it next&nbsp; time you can do that for other elements too&nbsp; it's the effect that I used in this thumbnail&nbsp; to bend this chart you can bend anything by&nbsp;&nbsp; just clicking the corner of an image and choosing&nbsp; this button now you can warp it however you want&nbsp; looks good but they seem too distracting&nbsp; in the background let's add some blur&nbsp;&nbsp; select the image filter blur gaussian blur that might work work but we can do even better&nbsp;&nbsp; let's try again select image filter pixelate&nbsp; mosaic oh we made it worse again again that's&nbsp;&nbsp; it even though these blurs might not suit this&nbsp; thumbnail they work very well in some cases so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nice to know how to use them all right let's&nbsp; move on we fixed these images but the background&nbsp;&nbsp; is too shiny it's almost hard to read the text&nbsp; so we need to make it darker take the brush wo&nbsp;&nbsp; wow calm down you don't have to be a Bob Ross to&nbsp; use this okay just try to keep up make your brush&nbsp;&nbsp; big and soft reduce the flow to something like&nbsp; 5% and increase smoothing now open a new layer&nbsp;&nbsp; on top of your background and start painting&nbsp; behind text character and things like that okay&nbsp;&nbsp; we're getting somewhere that background image&nbsp; looks nice but I don't really like the color I&nbsp;&nbsp; said but I don't really like the color how' to&nbsp; change it glad you asked select the background&nbsp;&nbsp; click image adjustments hue and saturation here&nbsp; you can choose a specific color to change or&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak the entire image noise we're almost done&nbsp; but I'm looking so unnatural over there I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; the text above my head is shiny there should&nbsp; be some light reflections in reality right? pick the selection tool select the thing&nbsp; create a new layer take the brush make&nbsp;&nbsp; it smaller pick a nice color and brush&nbsp; over where the light is coming from oh&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to change the layer blending&nbsp; style to overlay if it doesn't work for&nbsp;&nbsp; your image try other styles and colors too&nbsp; after everything's done I like to send it&nbsp;&nbsp; to my phone and play around with the colors&nbsp; in Lightroom so it goes from this to this&nbsp; before publishing the video you need to test&nbsp; how it looks on youtube homepage to do that go&nbsp;&nbsp; to thumbs up.tv add your title and thumbnail and&nbsp; see if it looks good if it does you're good if not&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to the drawing board again but hopefully&nbsp; it does here it is I know it's probably not the&nbsp;&nbsp; best way to make a thumbnail but that's just how&nbsp; I do it at the moment it will definitely change&nbsp;&nbsp; with time but for now this is all I do and it&nbsp; works for me so may work for you as well... [Music] PhOtOsHOp BaByYy

  Top Comments:
  1. @turkcipitiofficial [1 likes]: 3:10 neeeeediyo ooolum.
  2. @vikash0pradhan: Bakwas 0% 
 value 100%
  3. @alihesham8167: 3:31 🙂
  4. @GavinGamer2: 1:13 crazy work here
  5. @ClickFarmaStudio: Excelent body!
  6. @happydavvy: I just use AI to make my thumbnails with prompts am not good with colors and making thumbnails
  7. @SecularGrowth: Just insane how good this man is :)
  8. @AbhinavSingh-x5d3v: Bro which app you are using please tell me bro
  9. @hasoking6860: Thanks a lot dude, as a beginner I was so confused at everything but with your help I can now execute the essentials(which is pretty enough for my need). Thanks a lot, really.
  10. @joelmwalugha: Thank you so much
  11. @Sulaiman__mostafa: Absolute cinema
  12. @Seafritzz: NOW I GOT THE NOTE PAD WITH ME
  13. @LolaLogicYT: It's helpfull but something missing Its feels like you flex Your skilss
  14. @RedEcho-2: This was like the best Tutorial I've ever seen
  15. @ryanellisonyt: so glad I got this on my recommendation 😊
  16. @nifemi_ttb: Ohhh i love issac 😂🤍
  17. @akilachamod9491: i'm glad this is the first video that is recomended for me when i search to learn. 
everything i need to learn was at one palce.. 😍😍
  18. @keinfps6970: you can notice that he is from shorts :) I'm learning so much in 1min
  19. @fitblood: This video gives me sea sickness
  20. @pedrosiqueiraviolão: 10:34 lá ele kk

- How to Make Thumbnails That Get Views (NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED): Kind: captions Language: en your YouTube thumbnail can literally make or break your video's performance regardless if you've done it yourself or you Outsource it to someone else luckily for you I am someone who has done both and in this video I'm going to show you my personal process on how I make my thumbnails whether I am doing it myself or Outsourcing it to someone else now this is part five of my six-part YouTube series where I show the entire behind the scenes of how I bring my videos to life so in case you missed it make sure you catch up afterwards by watching this playlist here now without further Ado let's dive into thumbnail making [Music] now before I design any type of thumbnail I first look for thumbnail inspiration I typically do this by looking at my homepage my search page for the specific topic that I'm talking about and also the YouTube inspiration tab within my YouTube analytics I really like using this tab because it allows me to see the other videos that you guys are watching and that you guys are clicking on so that I can compare and see what type of thumbnail I might create for myself now to be honest how I decide what type of thumbnail to to recreate or get inspiration from is really personal preference I kind of just look at what captures my attention and so that's kind of how I narrow it down and then what I'll do is I screenshot the inspiration and then put it inside my notion planner and by the way if you want a copy of my notion planner you can check it out in the description box or in the comment section below next what I try to do is before I film the video while I still have good lighting I will then take a video of different poses that I might want to do for my thumbnail and the reason why I do this is because later on I will then go to my computer and take screenshots of the different frames within the video that I like I personally find this to be a lot easier than taking individual photos one helpful tip too is as you're taking screenshots of the different poses that you like have a separate folder on the side as your thumbnail Library so that in the future you can look back at previous poses that you've done this is really helpful if you need to make thumbnails really quickly or you want to save some time and you don't necessarily want to redo this whole thumbnail taking process now once I have all the poses and screenshots that I like I will then all of them open them all at once and on my MacBook I'll then be able to compare all the different poses at once and kind of narrow down which ones are my favorite once I selected my favorites if I'm making the thumbnail myself I will then head over to canva and upload it into a project that I have which houses all of the thumbnails that I've created so far now that I've uploaded the poses onto canva I want to show you how I made this thumbnail because all the steps I took are pretty much the same steps that I for all the thumbnails that I make myself and so the first step that I do is I will pick the pose that I think has the most potential in my case it's this one and then I will fill up the screen and as you can see the original color of this photo is quite dull and so what I will do is I will click edit and then hit adjust and then increase the saturation I will sometimes also play with the brightness and maybe also the contrast so it ends up looking like this The Next Step that I then do is I will hit edit again and I use my most favorite tool on canva which is the magic grab tool now what the magic grab tool does is it basically takes your body and it removes it from the background so as you can see it's selected my body but I also have this laptop as well so I'm going to click on the laptop once you've decided what exactly you want to grab from the picture you then click grab and then you wait a couple seconds now what you can do is you can actually move your body wherever you would like on the screen and so let's say if I wanted to put text on the side I can do that or let's say if I want to enlarge my whole body I can do that as well now for this thumbnail specifically I decided to make myself a little bit bigger to take up more space and then I kept myself in the middle but alternatively what I could have done is I could have also put myself to the sides and put the text on the side as well now a little rule of thumb that I typically like to follow is over on YouTube there will typically be a Tim stamp on the bottom right hand side and so that is typically where I avoid putting any text and so if I were to put text on this I typically like to put it on the left hand side but for some reason for this specific thumbnail I decided to switch it up and do something different now once I've done the magic grab feature The Next Step that I typically take is I go to my second favorite feature which is Shadows you click shadows and then you can click outline and then you're going to be able to add an outline around your body now I like using a white outline and then I will just make the size a little bit smaller but you can definitely play with this however you'd like alternatively you can also use the glow feature right here change your Shadow to Black and then really play with the sizing I find that this also creates a nice Dimension to your thumbnail and it allows your body to kind of pop out of the picture but for me personally I really like the outline feature so I'm going to stick with that now the next step is to put text on your thumbnail and for this very reason is why I put all of my thumbnails in the same canva file because I'm able to copy and paste past thumbnails that I've done and so for me what I would do is let's say I really liked this thumbnail that I made I would then just copy the title go back down to the thumbnail that I'm making and then paste it and then you know adjust it for the video but in your case if you are someone who is doing thumbnails for the first time then what you would do is you want to click this text button and then add a text box then you're going to want to find a font that you like using now personally for me my favorite fonts is bartender and also Bobby Jones so let me use the Bobby Jones font I'm going to make my my font white and then I'm also going to increase the size so let's say font size 100 now the next thing that I want to do with my font is to really make it pop out on the screen and so I will click on it then click effects and then my favorite feature is lift lift creates this drop shadow almost so that your font can really pop out of the screen you can also use other effects such as outline which then adds an outline to your text or you can also create shadows as well you just have to kind of change the colors and play with it now in my case for this thumbnail I really like the lift look so I'm going to do that but also another thing that I want to do is I kind of want to create a curve for the text so down over on shape I'm going to click curve and then I'm going to play with how curvy this font becomes now going back to the magic grab feature that I really like it's really awesome because if you wanted to you could also put the text behind your body and this can be a really helpful effect depending on the thumbnail because it creates a lot more Dimension but in my case for this thumbnail specifically I'm just going to put it back in the front now the next step is really deciding what I want my text to say and I find this to be the most challenging part so oftentimes I will look back at my thumbnail inspiration and I will also play around with the different types of options that I'm thinking of so for example for this video I was going to name it how I plan videos get more video ideas best planning system easy YouTube planning and so as you can see I really played around with the text now if you are someone who struggles with figuring out what exact text to put in the thumbnail here's my best advice to you use chat PT for example this is what I said to chat PT can you give me 10 different options for the text I could put in my thumbnail photo ideally it should be less than five words and captures enough Intrigue for people to click on the video I then gave Chachi PT what the title of my video is and also the script that I wrote out prior now Chachi PT gave me some decent results but then I asked Chad GPT a follow-up question which is what are some better prompts that I can ask you to get better thumbnail text results and then Chad PT gave me a list of questions that I could ask it to get a better result and so I used one of them which was what would make a beginner YouTuber intrigued by this thumbnail immediately Chachi P gave me way better text results that are more specific to my video next I used another prompt that chat GPT suggested which was suggest bold or contrarian thumbnail text that challenges viewers assumptions about thumbnails and then Chacha gave me results for that and so the key here is you want to give chat GPT context of your video and then afterwards let chat GPT help you by giving you what better question to ask it so that you can get more tailored results now just for the sake of copying what I've done I'm going to change this to easy video ideas or something like that and then I can adjust the size accordingly now afterwards I may add some graphics or icons as necessary and so what I would do here is I would go on elements and in this case I really wanted to show a YouTube icon to really showcase that this is a video about YouTube I will click on all the graphics and then I will pick the one that I like I do pay for canva and I do think it's well worth it so that you can have access to the pro features but I will click on that and then same thing I will then go on edit and I'm able to do the same type of outline effects that I did for my body so for example I can add a black outline if I wanted to I can add a drop and then increase the intensity of that and so I believe that's kind of what I did for this one one right here I can play around with the positioning and again because we did the magic grab feature I can put it right here and then put my body on top of the icon so it's kind of behind my body now for this video specifically I really wanted to show some social proof in my thumbnail and so I basically took a screenshot of how many subscribers I've gained since starting my channel and I did the same process by uploading it into canva and then adding an outline and then playing around with the actual rotation of it now once you've played around with your thumbnail the next thing that I typically do is I zoom out as small as possible to kind of see how my thumbnail would look like on mobile and if I'm playing around with different variations of the thumbnail I will then compare which thumbnail catches my eye the most now in my case I really like easy video ideas or get more video ideas now get more video ideas is the one that I ended up picking and so what I would do next is I would Zoom back in and then I would take a screenshot of the chosen one now once I've taken a screen shot of the thumbnail that I think is the winner what I have here in one of the pages on this project is I actually have a mockup of my channel so let me show you really quickly what that looks like it's this one right here I will then take that screenshot that I took of my potential winner and then I will mock it up over on my channel to see what it would look like and how it compares to other thumbnails that I've created in the past I find this really helpful because you can now compare how your thumbnail looks like relative to other thumbnails Nails you made in the past maybe your thumbnail is not bright enough or maybe it's too similar to ones you've created in the past and you want to break the pattern this is really helpful before you actually commit and upload your thumbnail now something I also really like doing depending on the thumbnail I didn't necessarily do it for this one is because we did the magic grab feature you can also change the background color without changing the thing that you grabbed so for example if I wanted the background to be a different color or less saturated so that my actual body stands out more I can do that or another thing that I've done in the past is is I will take a rectangle and then I will widen it out and then I will adjust the transparency then I will take it and put it to the back and then I'll take the original background and then put it behind that and that way it kind of creates this little tint that I can play around with and so it allows me to kind of control how much of my text or my body or the graphics that I want to stand out relative to the actual background that I have now as you can see making your own thumb Nails doesn't have to be that hard especially if you're using canva and leveraging the tools that I mentioned but if you are someone who doesn't have a lot of time to make your own thumbnails and you have a little bit of money to spend I'm going to show you how I Outsource thumbnail creation I'm able to find people really quickly at an affordable price and with a quick turnaround time so let's talk about it now when it comes to Outsourcing most things for my YouTube channel and for my business the number one place that I like going to is upwork I've been using upwork for years and in fact I use it even more now that I'm a solopreneur and so what I want you to do is create an nwork account first and for foremost and then in the search bar right here I want you to click on projects then I want you to type in YouTube thumbnail what you're going to find is you're going to find a lot of people that are willing to do thumbnails and most times for a really affordable price as low as $15 per thumbnail and a lot of times the turnaround time is within a day so if you are uploading a video in the next couple days this is a really great resource to tap into obviously there are a lot of people to choose from and so what you're going to want to do is creep around and look at people's portfolios and see if it is your vibe there is a huge variety of different types of thumbnails that you can create so you basically want to find a freelancer that matches the aesthetic that you're looking for now obviously the one-day delivery isn't for every single freelancer like these ones are one-day deliveries but some people might take longer like 4 days and so you just want to be careful with your expectations personally for me when I'm looking for someone to do my thumbnails not only am I looking at whether or not they can do the aesthetic that I'm looking for but I'm also looking at their rating and how many people have worked with them one word of caution is sometimes there's Freelancers that will say that they've worked on someone's Channel when they actually haven't and so projects is a really low stakes way to at least test someone out before committing there have been times where I've hired a freelancer and they don't actually deliver on what their portfolio said that they could do and so you just want to be careful but luckily this is pretty affordable and the most that you're going to miss out on is maybe $15 to $20 which I find is not a huge loss considering the fact that the upside is much greater and it's far better than signing a contract and committing to someone in in the long term but anyways once there's a freelancer that you really like you just want to double check on the delivery time how many revisions that you can get the number of thumbnails that you're going to receive and all the little details once you're happy with it you can then click continue and from there you can fund the project now it doesn't necessarily mean that you're paying right away it just allows upwork to hold money in escrow and then once the project is completed the freelancer will then get paid now because I'm just showing this to you for the sake of the video I'm not going to actually fund this project but typically what happens is afterwards you're going to be able to fill out a questionnaire that the freelancer will ask such as what type of vibe you want for your thumbnail what specific text you want for your thumbnail and also you attaching any poses or additional images that you want in your actual thumbnail sometimes the Freelancers will also ask you to link the video that you film so that they can get more context on what your video is about but not all Freelancers do this it really depends on the person after that once you've initiated the project the freelancer will reach out to you with the first draft of your thumbnail and then from there you're able to message them back and forth on the edits so as you can see with this freelancer we went back and forth quite a bit and then once I was happy with it I then ended the contract and paid him now in my YouTube career in the last six years I think that I have outsourced more thumbnails than I've actually created myself and this is because graphic design is not my strong suit but I also really value my time and typically I just don't have a lot of time to make thumbnails and if you really think about it for $15 a thumbnail if you upload four videos a month which is one video a week you're spending about $60 a month on thumbnails it seems like a a lot but if you are monetized on YouTube and you're making money based on how many views you get and your thumbnails are attracting more people to watch your videos you could be earning hundreds if not thousands thanks to having a good thumbnail that being said though to manage your expectations on cost if you are someone who is obsessed with AB testing then you're going to find yourself spending a lot more on thumbnails because you're going to want to have different variations of the thumbnail that you're going to need to test now if you're someone who doesn't need Advanced AB testing you can actually AB test thumbnails for free in the YouTube Studio but if you are someone who wants to have more data I highly recommend doing the legend license on Tu buddy again my code is in the description box below if you'd like 20% off all Tu buddy licenses but either way thumbnails do play a huge role as to whether or not someone clicks your videos but it is not the only reason on why you get views which is why in my next video which is the last video of this six-part YouTube series I'm going to show you the different strategies that I Ed to get more views on my YouTube videos now if that video is ready you're going to be able to watch it right here here but if you do not see it yet it just means I haven't posted it so make sure you hit the notification Bell and stay subscribed as always guys I appreciate you and I will see you in this video bye guys and take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @VanessaLau [38 likes]: If you learned something new, let me know in the comments below or share your own thumbnail making tips to help other creators out! Btw, if you're looking for a content planning template, here's mine: https://vanessalau.thrivecart.com/content-planner/ - enjoooy!!!!! Oh and, use code "vanessasbuddy" for 20% all tube buddy licenses, there's a 50% off black friday sale happening now too!  https://www.tubebuddy.com/vanessalauco
  2. @ElladoRashelyn [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤😮😮
  3. @YourLocalWeatherRadioGuy: The problem is that most viral thumbnails have their face in it and I dont show my face
  4. @okmasonlol: this track got that nostalgic + chill combo that instantly changes the whole mood 😭
  5. @XeniaAetheria: Thank you, this helps a lot!
  6. @dimaexner9612: Btw I have never ever used Canva in my life
  7. @dimaexner9612: I have watched this 5 times and I just downloaded Canva and I well be trying this out
  8. @Think_Finance1: Cool tutorial. Ty!
  9. @CantComeUpWithAnyGoodNameSorry: Thank you very much, i have done roughly 30 videos already but i havent put much thought on the thumbnail thing till niw, guess it is time to change it
  10. @Lance2378: 'For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. '
John 3:16
  11. @Rogando23: This ia for paid version
  12. @Rogando23: Gonna work hard to be monetized
  13. @Lunawind210: Do you have advice for gaming channels?
  14. @droodits: im a new youtuber and i will upload more content starting tomorrow, pls support ✨
  15. @primlsk: thank you vanessa! doing this now!
  16. @SteveL-w8w: Gathering info before taking the plunge and this video is extremely helpful, thank you Vanessa! I will check out your other videos in this series. I also like what you've done with the detail in the description. If I want to come back and watch a segment again, your chapters make it easy. Love that you listed your tools as well. Nice!
  17. @dimaexner9612: I started YouTube because my friends told me it was easier then ever so I started and my very first channel was about vlogging
  18. @dimaexner9612: Making content is not easy I repeat no it’s not
  19. @dimaexner9612: I made a the blogging account thinking it was gonna be easy and I would make lots of views but it is hard to make
  20. @dimaexner9612: Making thumbnails looks easy but it is not I repeat it is not easy

- THIS Is YouTube's NEW AB Thumbnail Testing Feature and How To Use It: Kind: captions Language: en at the time of this recording YouTube has rolled this feature out to 50,000&nbsp; YouTube channels and yours is on the way if you don't have it yet what I'm&nbsp; talking about is YouTube's thumbnail AB testing tool now if you're not familiar&nbsp; with the concept of AB testing what it is is it's where in this case as it&nbsp; relates to thumbnails you can upload different thumbnails when you upload&nbsp; your video and then YouTube is going to automatically swap those thumbnails out&nbsp; in different viewers are going to see them at different times in this case&nbsp; YouTube is actually giving us ABC testing because we get to upload three&nbsp; different thumbnails which is awesome high five and fist bump to&nbsp; YouTube but I've had this feature for quite some time now and I wanted to&nbsp; share it with you because if you don't already have it you're going to be&nbsp; getting it soon and I want to share with you how to use it and some things that&nbsp; you need to keep in mind so that once you do get it you don't have to Fumble&nbsp; around and try to figure everything out so let's hop on the computer and I'll&nbsp; show you real quick so first when you go to upload your video you're going to see&nbsp; this pop up on the video Details page at the time of upload if you scroll down&nbsp; past your description you're going to see the options that look like this you&nbsp; have the option to upload a file choose autogenerated where they just take it&nbsp; from your video a screenshot and then test and compare what you want to click&nbsp; on is test and compare when you click on test and compare you're going to see&nbsp; this option here that tells you to upload three images to learn which one&nbsp; the viewer prefers as you see here they give you three different options but if&nbsp; you want to just test two you can do that or if you want to test three&nbsp; different thumbnails then of course you have the ability to do that as well once&nbsp; you have all the thumbnails uploaded then once you publish your video then&nbsp; YouTube is going to do all the testing from there in order to see the results&nbsp; or the progress of the test all you have to do is go back into your video Details&nbsp; page after the video has been published scroll down to the thumbnail area and&nbsp; then there's a three dot menu that you see on the thumbnail when you hover over&nbsp; it if you click on that you have the option to view the test report upload a&nbsp; different thumbnail or also choose autogenerated what you want to choose&nbsp; there is to view test report when you do that they're going to show you at the&nbsp; top of the screen the running time or it'll let you know that it's complet&nbsp; complete and then they're going to show you the different thumbnails and then&nbsp; they're going to show you how much of a watch time share each thumbnail brought&nbsp; in now here's something that's interesting that might not make sense so&nbsp; let me explain in this option they do not show you the click-through rate on&nbsp; the thumbnail instead they show you which thumbnail generates the most watch&nbsp; time for the video here's why when a viewer clicks on your video it means&nbsp; that they're interested in your video however if the viewer ends up leaving&nbsp; quickly then that means that their expectation of what they clicked on did&nbsp; not get met which then shows YouTube that people didn't enjoy the video but&nbsp; when a viewer clicks on your video and they watch it for a longer period of&nbsp; time it means that that viewers expectations are being met and that's&nbsp; really important to YouTube which is why they prioritize that watchtime share&nbsp; over clickthrough rate let's continue with the preview if you look at this&nbsp; example right here you can see that on the running time I have 8 days and 55&nbsp; minutes left but you can see between these particular thumbnails I have&nbsp; different pictures of me I have different versions of the 2023 and 20 24&nbsp; thing in this but this one's all graphical these two have me in them and&nbsp; I can see right here so far that the one without me well people like it better&nbsp; they respond to it better which can be a hard pill to swallow but at the same&nbsp; time it's why it's so important to make sure that you don't get emotionally&nbsp; attached to the outcome once the test is fully complete they're going to give you&nbsp; your test report which is going to show you your running time it's going to show&nbsp; you that the test is complete it's also going to show you the winner and it's&nbsp; going to show you the watch time share for each one that you tested I'm happy&nbsp; to say in this particular case I was in this thumbnail that won this particular&nbsp; [Music] contest&nbsp;&nbsp; now keep in mind even though the test is complete and you got the result&nbsp; out of it you can run a new test at any time and it deletes this test and then&nbsp; it'll start the whole thing over again pretty cool right now really quick&nbsp; there's something that I want you to keep in mind when it comes to using this&nbsp; when you first publish your video on YouTube and you have three different&nbsp; thumbnails in there you want to make sure that the thumbnails that you're&nbsp; testing are wildly different that means don't just test a different text color&nbsp; or something like that instead make them completely different thumbnails the&nbsp; reason for this is because at the time of publish YouTube is going to be&nbsp; showing your thumbnails to a lot of people that are the most likely to enjoy&nbsp; your content you want to figure out what they respond to and just on minor color&nbsp; tweaks isn't going to be the answer but if you want to test those small details&nbsp; after the video's been online for a while that's when you can test those&nbsp; things because then it's settled in YouTube knows who the right people are&nbsp; to show it to and then from there you can start looking for those little&nbsp; things that might make a difference and feel free to get creative when you're&nbsp; testing with this for example a test that I'm currently running is about&nbsp; minimizing graphics and for fun since I was just AB testing those two things I&nbsp; went ahead and just added one with the minimized graphic and I'll do it again&nbsp; once I figure out what the winner is but I'm also testing the color of my beard&nbsp; and my thumbnails to see if it matters when it comes to how often people click&nbsp; on my thumbnails and my fingers are crossed that it doesn't matter because&nbsp; one I don't want to photoshop my beard and all my thumbnails and two you know&nbsp; I'm I'm not going to change this and really quick if you're a content creator&nbsp; that's in the majority where you just don't have time to make content and&nbsp; publish consistently click into this video right here it's a step-by-step&nbsp; schedule that you can follow that runs in two we cycles that can help you&nbsp; ensure that you can put more content out more consistently go ahead and click&nbsp; into that now and I'll see you in the next video thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [28 likes]: Avoid these MASSIVE YouTube mistakes that limit your growth: https://youtu.be/q4-XC4Nw3gg?si=RRVgKFULurQXnZK0
  2. @ANNYoh-h8k [1 likes]: positive ❤️‍🔥❤️
  3. @vinodkumar-ku9vx: Nice and educated presentation video🎉🎉
  4. @DinkaKusa: This is the interestung channel for progreess
  5. @DanielGabiso-k6h: Thanks forever
  6. @رضو-ن4ر: Thanks i was looking forward to this feature rolling also
  7. @ReggieRetires: Thank you! Really cool tool. Appreciate the how-to
  8. @AdriãoSachambulaNaTrack-n8l: Good❤
  9. @KukuAsrat: Interesting,thanks for the information.
  10. @Ayeletariku092: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @marcrva3380: Great video! I learned something new from this content. Thanks for sharing.
  12. @Ayeletariku092: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @MehariGebremichael: Good idea
  14. @Lesbeauxarts2024: It's a veritable encyclopaedia with so many different possibilities. What you're offering us here means that YouTube will no longer be a secret.
  15. @TheJesusOfTheBibleET: It si interesting concept
  16. @farahzkhawaja2697: Great informational video 🎉🎉
  17. @GereGere-i1p: Ok
  18. @BisuequeManuel: Yes i like
  19. @YIHUNKEFALE-s7j: It is best
  20. @Aqabdul123: Very nice

- A/B Test YOUR YouTube Thumbnails For FREE! [A/B Testing Tutorial]: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube thumbnails matter a lot when it&nbsp; comes to getting people to watch your&nbsp;&nbsp; videos. Adobe Express sponsored this video so I&nbsp; can show you what YouTube has finally released,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is their own free thumbnail testing tool, so&nbsp; that way we can see which thumbnails perform best.&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube built this tool because thumbnails are one&nbsp; of the most important factors in whether someone&nbsp;&nbsp; clicks through to watch your video. YouTube even&nbsp; says 90% of the best performing videos on YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; use custom thumbnails. The problem myself and&nbsp; other creators run into is that it's really&nbsp;&nbsp; hard to reliably predict what thumbnail will&nbsp; work well for our specific audience. The best&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail isn't always the one you like, it's the&nbsp; one your audience likes, and the only way to know&nbsp;&nbsp; it is to test it. What looks great for me might&nbsp; not work for you or my audience. even Mr. Beast&nbsp;&nbsp; has a team that creates up to 50 thumbnail options&nbsp; per video, and that's why his tool, ViewStats.com,&nbsp;&nbsp; tracks when videos change their thumbnail. Mr.&nbsp; Beast doesn't guess, he tests. You don't need 50&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnails, but you might need more than one. I&nbsp; always joke that A/B testing stands for "always&nbsp;&nbsp; be testing," and I'm glad that YouTube has&nbsp; given us this feature for free. Here's how&nbsp;&nbsp; A/B testing YouTube thumbnails works. You add the&nbsp; thumbnails that you want to test. YouTube shows&nbsp;&nbsp; each option to different viewers and tracks which&nbsp; one performs best. Results can take up to 2 weeks,&nbsp;&nbsp; though I've seen them sooner, and when the&nbsp; test is done, YouTube should automatically&nbsp;&nbsp; update your video to the winning thumbnail. Of&nbsp; course, you can also manually verify that the&nbsp;&nbsp; winning thumbnail has been selected. YouTube also&nbsp; isn't just tracking clicks here, they're tracking&nbsp;&nbsp; watch time. Great YouTube thumbnails don't just&nbsp; get people to click, they help viewers understand&nbsp;&nbsp; what the video is about so they don't waste time&nbsp; clicking on the wrong video. So that's why YouTube&nbsp;&nbsp; picks the winner based on watch time, not just&nbsp; clicks. So the winning thumbnail isn't just the&nbsp;&nbsp; one that people click on, it's the one that brings&nbsp; in viewers who actually watch our content. Heck,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've been recommending YouTube thumbnail A/B&nbsp; testing for years. Back when I (Andrew Kan) worked&nbsp;&nbsp; at TubeBuddy, it was one of the biggest claims&nbsp; to fame of the tool. So whether you're just&nbsp;&nbsp; starting or you've been A/B testing for years&nbsp; like me, YouTube's A/B testing means you can&nbsp;&nbsp; stop wondering what works and start knowing.&nbsp; Here's how to set up A/B testing. This feature&nbsp;&nbsp; is currently available on desktop and does require&nbsp; advance verification. If you don't have that yet,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't worry, it's free and only takes a few&nbsp; minutes. I also want to mention that A/B testing&nbsp;&nbsp; is not available for made-for-kids content or age&nbsp; restricted 18+ content at the time of this video.&nbsp;&nbsp; To set up an A/B test, you can test it on either&nbsp; a new or existing content. For a new upload,&nbsp;&nbsp; click create in the top right-hand corner, then&nbsp; upload video. While the video is uploading, you'll&nbsp;&nbsp; see the A/B testing option near the title area and&nbsp; in the thumbnail selection. For existing videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the video's edit page. For titles, click&nbsp; A/B testing in the same spot. For thumbnails,&nbsp;&nbsp; scroll down to the thumbnail section and click&nbsp; on the 3 dots to reveal the A/B testing options.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you click here, you'll see 3 options,&nbsp; title only, thumbnail only, and title and&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail. These are all worth exploring, and I&nbsp; plan on making dedicated videos for each one. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can subscribe to be notified when those drop.&nbsp; For now, we're just gonna be picking thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; only. You only need 2 thumbnail options for&nbsp; this to work, but there is an option to add a&nbsp;&nbsp; third thumbnail. That's sometimes called "A/B/C&nbsp; testing." This is the same idea as A/B testing,&nbsp;&nbsp; just with 3 options instead of 2. Now, I&nbsp; know what you might be thinking, "Andrew,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's hard enough to make one good thumbnail, how&nbsp; am I supposed to make 2 or 3?" Here's the thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; you and I, we can't reliably predict what will&nbsp; work for our audience. 95% of click decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; happen before people even consciously&nbsp; think about it. That's why we test. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're making your second or third thumbnail,&nbsp; make them noticeably different, different colors,&nbsp;&nbsp; different expressions, different angles. YouTube&nbsp; even says testing thumbnails that are too similar&nbsp;&nbsp; can cause the test to run longer because there's&nbsp; not enough difference to pick a winner. I've seen&nbsp;&nbsp; people in our KDCC Discord server say they've&nbsp; A/B tested, but really all they did was change&nbsp;&nbsp; punctuation on the text of the thumbnail. Sadly,&nbsp; that's not gonna cut it. So, how do you actually&nbsp;&nbsp; make multiple thumbnails without spending hours on&nbsp; each one? Any tool can do it, but not every tool&nbsp;&nbsp; makes it easy. That's why I like Adobe Express.&nbsp; All you have to do is set up your brand colors&nbsp;&nbsp; and the fonts once. Then, from there, you can&nbsp; quickly swap colors, try different templates,&nbsp;&nbsp; and create multiple versions without starting from&nbsp; scratch. Plus, you can start a thumbnail on your&nbsp;&nbsp; phone and finish it on your computer, or the other&nbsp; way around, start it on your computer and finish&nbsp;&nbsp; it on your phone. I was using Adobe Express before&nbsp; I was a brand ambassador, and actually recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; and use it. I even made versions of the thumbnails&nbsp; for this video using Adobe Express. If you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; try it out, head to adobe.com/express or use my&nbsp; affiliate link in the description to support the&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube channel. Once you got your thumbnails&nbsp; ready, here's how to set it up. Click add&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail to upload your first option, then click&nbsp; add thumbnail again for your second. If you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to do an A/B/C test, add a third one. Once they're&nbsp; uploaded, click set test, and make sure you&nbsp;&nbsp; actually save your changes on the video. I've seen&nbsp; people forget this step. Your A/B testing results&nbsp;&nbsp; can take up to 2 weeks, and sometimes YouTube&nbsp; won't have enough data to pick a clear winner. If&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube picks a winner, go with that. If YouTube&nbsp; says not enough impressions to declare a winner&nbsp;&nbsp; or the YouTube thumbnails perform the same, go to&nbsp; that video's analytics and look under the reach&nbsp;&nbsp; tab for more data. You can also use YouTube's own&nbsp; Ask Studio feature on desktop to help read the&nbsp;&nbsp; data. Do your best to pick the thumbnail that's&nbsp; getting people to click and watch your content&nbsp;&nbsp; based on the data that you do have. If there&nbsp; wasn't enough data on an existing video you're&nbsp;&nbsp; testing, consider switching to the new thumbnail&nbsp; and study the results in about a week, since&nbsp;&nbsp; there was a reason you wanted to test in the first&nbsp; place. Either way, keep testing on future videos.&nbsp;&nbsp; The more you test, the more you learn what works&nbsp; for your audience. In the description, I've got&nbsp;&nbsp; more A/B testing tips, an Adobe Express affiliate&nbsp; link so you can give this a try, and a link to the&nbsp;&nbsp; KDCC Discord server if you need more help. If&nbsp; you found this video helpful, consider checking&nbsp;&nbsp; out that video on screen. I'm Andrew Kan, and if I&nbsp; Kan A/B test YouTube thumbnails, then you Kan too!

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndrewK [3 likes]: Would YOU like to see a dedicated video on Title only testing and Title and Thumbnail testing? Let me know! Are YOU A/B Testing?
  2. @HomeRapidRepair [2 likes]: Love your great insights 👍🏼😎🛠️
  3. @JaneNewAuthor: This is really useful! Many many thanks.

- A/B testing on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Not sure which title or thumbnail to use? Try “A/B&nbsp;&nbsp;testing,” a feature that lets you&nbsp; choose up to 3 video titles and/or&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnails to test with viewers to help&nbsp; pick your winner. Here’s how it works. Eligible creators can use the “A/B testing”&nbsp; feature through YouTube Studio desktop&nbsp;&nbsp; when publishing a new video, or with an&nbsp; existing video. On the Video Details page,&nbsp;&nbsp; click the icon under the ‘Title’ section&nbsp; or ‘Thumbnail section. From here,&nbsp;&nbsp; choose if you want to run a Title&nbsp; only test, a Thumbnail only test,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a Title and Thumbnail test. For title only, you can add up&nbsp;&nbsp; to three different titles to test.&nbsp; Titles must be under 100 characters.&nbsp; For thumbnail only, you can upload three&nbsp; different images to learn which viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; prefer. For title and thumbnail, you can add&nbsp; three different title and thumbnail combinations After you’ve added your titles, thumbnails or&nbsp; combinations of both, click Done. A/B testing is&nbsp;&nbsp; only available for Public, long form videos, and&nbsp; the test will start once you publish your video. Here’s how the test works:&nbsp; YouTube will show your chosen titles and/or&nbsp; thumbnails evenly across your video’s audience,&nbsp;&nbsp; and will select a winning thumbnail based on&nbsp; which one generates the most watch time share&nbsp; You can check the status of your test at&nbsp; any time by going to the Video Details&nbsp;&nbsp; page and clicking “View test report”&nbsp; under the Title or Thumbnail section&nbsp; You’ll see how much time is left for the&nbsp; test and how they’re performing. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; also choose to stop the test and manually&nbsp; set one of the options as the winner&nbsp; If you let the test run, the results&nbsp; may take a few hours or up to a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; of weeks to be finalized. How long it takes to get&nbsp;&nbsp; the results is affected by factors like: How similar your titles and/or thumbnails&nbsp;&nbsp; are (the more they differ, the&nbsp; faster your test will finish)&nbsp; And your video traffic (the more&nbsp; impressions that your video receives,&nbsp;&nbsp; the faster your test will finish) Once the test is finished,&nbsp;&nbsp; the test report will show the results If there’s a statistically significant result,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll see a “Winner” label. YouTube will&nbsp; automatically update your video title and/or&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail to this winner when the test is done. You might also see a “Performed Same” label.&nbsp;&nbsp; This result indicates that all test options had&nbsp; similar watch time performance. If there’s no&nbsp;&nbsp; clear winner, or if the options “Performed&nbsp; Same,” the first title and/or thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; will be selected and shown to your audience. Remember that in either case, it’s ultimately&nbsp;&nbsp; up to you – you can always manually select&nbsp; the video title and thumbnail you want to use.&nbsp; You can also choose to run a new test, but&nbsp; note it will delete your old experiment Now let’s walk through some things&nbsp; to note and best practices for&nbsp;&nbsp; using the “A/B testing” feature: Titles and Thumbnails must follow&nbsp;&nbsp; our Community Guidelines, and the tool will&nbsp; not work on videos that are designated as&nbsp;&nbsp; made for kids, for mature audiences, or live. Note that great titles and thumbnails serve&nbsp;&nbsp; an important purpose beyond getting viewers to&nbsp; click. They help a viewer understand what the&nbsp;&nbsp; video is about so that they don't waste&nbsp; their time clicking on the wrong videos.&nbsp; Remember that your title and thumbnail should&nbsp; work together as a team. We highly encourage&nbsp;&nbsp; testing title and thumbnail combinations&nbsp; to find which pairing works best to help&nbsp;&nbsp; viewers understand what your video is about. We suggest testing titles and thumbnails on&nbsp;&nbsp; a limited selection of older videos for&nbsp; initial guidance, then a selection of more&nbsp;&nbsp; recent videos you think will provide the most&nbsp; meaningful insights for your content strategy.&nbsp; We also recommend testing thumbnail&nbsp; variations that explore different&nbsp;&nbsp; layout compositions and changes to thumbnail&nbsp; elements (including background, text overlays, and&nbsp;&nbsp; object placement) to learn which resonates most&nbsp; with your audience. Some tips to keep in mind:&nbsp; Ensure your images are balanced, with a focal&nbsp; point to direct viewers attention towards&nbsp; Utilize high contrast, allowing&nbsp; your subject to stand out against&nbsp;&nbsp; the background in both light and dark mode. With text, remember that fewer words can be&nbsp;&nbsp; impactful, while too much text can be&nbsp; difficult to process while scrolling.&nbsp; And finally when it comes to depth of field, keep&nbsp; your background in mind and play with blank space We hope the A/B testing feature will help you&nbsp; gain insights when it comes to making titles&nbsp;&nbsp; and thumbnails, and help your overall video&nbsp; performance in the long run! For more info,&nbsp;&nbsp; check out the links below. Thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @youtubecreators [222 likes]: Try out A/B testing for your titles and thumbnails! More info here: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/16391400
  2. @FirstBoyOnTheMoon1 [4 likes]: Makes sense. YouTube helps us create good posts to get us more views while keeping people on their platform.
  3. @ZoranMindset [4 likes]: I tried twice, useless for my little 1k subs channel. I waited 2 long weeks to finally have a message "Not enough impressions to have a winner" 😅
  4. @KingMax_Gaming [2 likes]: not youtube messing up the title at 2:19
  5. @CollinPhillips-i2n [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape::hand-orange-covering-eyes::body-green-covering-eyes:
  6. @Zacabe: Now i can divide my audience from 2 viewers to 1... HELP🥲
  7. @bethanewright: I only have thumbnail visible!
  8. @QuranTranslatingYT: Nice 👍🙂
  9. @sujathashetty223: Thank you
  10. @bIackIisting: why not also show the click through rate of the A/B test thumbnails lol what if theyre literally the same image just one has better lighting..
  11. @eggsandwhichian: botta try ts. wish me luck
  12. @keyylangcmlc: ??? So many are saying thank you for the subs...did u get subs after the testing was over?
  13. @Monika-y6v: ❤❤❤❤
  14. @fireside-f3m: Great 😊
  15. @Maximjayyy: Danke 🙏 🎉 love this Community
  16. @HornInsider-p2h: ❤❤❤
  17. @kimanland: good !!!
  18. @sarojaggarwal9174: Thnx you 🙏 10k subscribe
  19. @KaffeeandScripture: Where can I get support? For some reason A/B Test suddenly showed up when I tried to schedule a couple of YouTube shorts (under 3 minutes). It appears that YouTube is seeing them as long form and not adding them in the short content. Even doing it with a scheduled less than 1 minute video. Right now I am dead in the water as I am not creating more videos until can get this cleared up. Do not find "Manage test"
  20. @rahilsumra2781: 👍

- How to Use the YouTube A/B Thumbnail Tool (Test & Compare): Kind: captions Language: en - Thumbnails, they stop the scroll and win the click as you've just demonstrated by watching this video. They are one of the most important parts of the creative process, but also the biggest weakness of millions of creators. If that includes you, this really does change everything. A simple quiz to kick things off. Which thumbnail are you most likely to click on? In this example, we have two thumbnails, but in this example, we have three thumbnails. Up until now, the creator, a single person or a small team of people, have had to make this very important decision often with no data whatsoever and then published a video with one thumbnail to YouTube, but from now on, everyone gets to decide, which will help the creator choose the best thumbnails for their content. In very simple terms, AB thumbnail testing works like this. For one video, you upload two thumbnails and YouTube shows 50% of users one thumbnail and 50% of users the other thumbnail. After a testing period, obviously the thumbnail with the best performance is the thumbnail to use for 100% of users going forward, unless you decide to do another test. So when entering this video, you saw thumbnail A, but you saw thumbnail B. This sounds awesome, right? Yes, it is. And what makes this even better is that YouTube gives you three thumbnails to test. So you saw thumbnail C. In fact, we can test this right now. Let us know in the comments below which thumbnail you saw upon entering this video. Thumbnail, A, B, or C. And the comments should be evenly split across the three, right? YouTube's official name for this tool is Test & Compare. It will be free, and it's coming to all creators by early 2024. YouTube is slowly rolling this out right now, and we just happened to be one of the lucky ones. We didn't call in any favors because to be honest, I don't know if anybody at YouTube knows who I am. But in this video, we're gonna show you how it works and what we found out so far. The tool is incredibly easy to use, and to be honest, I would expect nothing less from YouTube. You'll know if you have the tool, if you see the Test & Compare feature when uploading a thumbnail. You'll then be presented with this screen where you can upload two or three thumbnails to start testing. This video is about the YouTube algorithm, nothing new there, and here are my thumbnails. We'll get back to them because we're actually going to test them on a video we're publishing right now. As of time of recording, you'll be able to use this feature on long-form videos, livestreams that are finished, and podcasts. But what you can't use this feature on is content made for kids, mature audiences, or videos that are private. And from a user's point of view, they should only ever see one thumbnail from the test unless you start a new test, in which case they may see another thumbnail. To find out how a test is going, in the YouTube Studio analytics, go to the specific video and from the Reach tab you'll see this new panel marked as Thumbnail test. In our experience, we've started to see numbers here after a couple of hours, but obviously it will depend on how quickly data comes in. You'll know the test is complete when you see this message, and if there is a clear winner from the test, YouTube will automatically pick that thumbnail to show to all viewers going forward. Now, this test took two and a half days to complete, but we have seen tests take as little as two hours when publishing a new video. If at the end of a test the numbers are almost even, YouTube will determine an inconclusive results. And as you can see here, we were trying pretty similar thumbnails. You can stop a test at any time and manually set the thumbnail you want YouTube to use. Now then, this video with all of its thumbnails, before I publish it, I want to test it on our Community tab to see what results we get from there. And so after 11,000 votes, the results are pretty conclusive. Thumbnail C is going to walk away with this, right? Well, here's the thing. This thumbnail is a little edgy, some might call it clickbait, and YouTube's Test & Compare feature doesn't measure performance by clicks. Yeah, let's get to the elephant in the room. Instinct would tell us if we're testing thumbnails, the best way to measure performance would be through a click-through rate, or CTR, right? But that's not the decision YouTube have made. Instead, the Test & Compare tool is measured through watch time share. Basically, whichever thumbnail gets more watch time is the winner. And just to be clear, because I made this mistake when I first looked at these numbers, this is not average view duration. It is the percentage of watch time share between the thumbnails tested. Got it? Good. YouTube's reasoning for all of this is that thumbnails help inform viewers about the content itself as well as just winning a click. Yeah, we'll get back to that conversation later. everything you've seen regarding the Test & Compare feature including the analytics is desktop only, but, I assume, just like everything else, it will eventually appear on the YouTube Studio mobile app. There you have the nuts and bolts of how all of this works, but what have we found out so far? Well, in order to answer that question, we need to go back to the pop quiz at the very beginning of this video. We have two pretty distinct thumbnails here, and after three hours of testing, the graph thumbnail rather than the person thumbnail Now, this is an interesting result because it kind of goes against basic thumbnail doctrine of always having a human in the thumbnail to create an emotional connection. So naturally, once that test had completed, we wanted to try something else. In another thumbnail test, we put the human back in with more text again than we would usually recommend, and this time the results were heavily weighted towards a human with more text that builds intrigue and curiosity. After two rounds of testing, we're thinking to ourselves, "Not only do we have a decent thumbnail, but maybe we have a template of a thumbnail that we can use for future videos. Let's refine this a little bit more." We're at such a granular level now that all we're doing is changing the background and the logos between vidIQ's and YouTube's. Even subtle changes like this result in a four and a half percent swing in watch time. And yes, all of this testing does explain why you've been seeing more of these thumbnails on the channel recently. However, having said all of this, all of this testing is hiding one important point. The video itself didn't perform very well, so all we're doing is making a disappointing situation less disappointing with thumbnail testing. Now, it could be argued that the reason this video performed badly was because we were doing all of these wacky tests with new thumbnails that our viewers weren't familiar with, but that's not true, and we've got the data to prove it. This video performed much better than usual, and we tested thumbnails throughout. The AI YouTube robot was winning by a tiny margin, so we decided to drop the worst thumbnail and have the two best ones face off. And in the end, there was a very clear winner, and this is where things get really cool. Once YouTube picked the winning thumbnail for all users, the video noticeably improved in performance. So in that example, the Test & Compare tool made a good situation even better. As for that winning thumb nail, did that in 10 minutes using AI. (bright music) And what's this I here? The results are in from the video we published all about the algorithm, and it turns out not only do you click on those edgy thumbnails, but you also watch the content too. And what does that mean? Yeah, we're gonna test very similar thumbnails just with different faces and different text. Alright, then, it's time to get down to business. This Test & Compare feature, what do I really think? Well, I've gotta be honest with you. I love it. I really love it. It is incredibly easy to use and gives you very clear results. In short, it just works, and for 99% of creators, that's all they want. Now, yes, power users like myself always want more. We're never satisfied, are we? For example, in effect, we can only test and compare half the packaging. I wanna test and compare titles in exactly the same manner, but that would immediately make things a lot more complicated. I would also like to see the percentage share of impressions as well to make sure that these thumbnails are being tested equally. But to be honest, I'm probably in the minority of just one on that point. And when there is an inconclusive result, maybe it might be useful to check the click-through rate to determine a winner. But, and it may surprise you to hear this, I have been won over by the use of watch time share to determine a thumbnail winner. When you think about it, measuring watch time does include click-through rate by default, because if a user doesn't click on a video, it adds zero watch time. And as we all know, click-through rate is a very fluid metric. A higher click-through rate isn't always good news, and a lower click-through rate isn't always bad news, but you always want more watch time, so it's a much more reliable metric to use. But as a power user, I will say this. What if you could test and compare your video hooks? This would be effectively swapping out the first 30 seconds of a video. Now that, YouTube, if you're listening, would be a true measure of watch time share, but also impossible to implement. If we put YouTube Shorts aside for a second because they're kind of an entirely different thing, is one of the biggest and best improvements to the YouTube platform for creators in years, but there is an inescapable caveat. It adds a lot of competition to the quality of thumbnails and a lot of pressure to individual creators to make more thumbnails. In effect, creators with more time, better thumbnail skills, and more resources have just been handed a distinct advantage. Does that mean bigger channels are gonna benefit more from this tool? I'll let you decide in the comments below. And if you need help making better thumbnails, this is your next video to watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @drbryceheffington [2 likes]: I feel like this is a helpful tool for figuring out which thumbnail needs to be your primary thumbnail for every video just slightly modified. Helpful!
  2. @eldergodtactics [1 likes]: I saw thumnail A
  3. @phellic [1 likes]: I saw thumbnail A
  4. @Rootscogoogleads [1 likes]: I saw A
  5. @AndrewSnake [1 likes]: can i add thumbnails on livestream when set it up ?
  6. @EHUB-w1l: I have dought two days before i had seen thumnail reported in generate section would you clear my dought
  7. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️☆ 4\5
  8. @usmanqaisranibaloch8433: mark your attendance who saw thumbnail B
  9. @youtubesmonster2: Thumbnail A
  10. @skeletonyband: A
  11. @MellowExplain: thumbnail a
  12. @abubakarehsan8435: I got thumbnail A
  13. @strawberrypeach0912: thumbnail A. i had been wondering how i could test thumbnails, i didn't know YouTube had already introduced A/B tests for thumbnails. learned that today
  14. @BlaQFireNation: Which AI tool made the thumbnail? Please don’t say Vidiq because I used that and it was uhhhhh not so good 😩
  15. @Reagancode: A is great
  16. @MovieScopeLK: Thumbnail A
  17. @The_First_Twenty_Are_Good: mine was A
  18. @RyanLordOfficial: 🔥🔥
  19. @joshua_daniels: A
  20. @SimplicitytoInvesting: would be cool if you made a video on about how big difference it is by having a default (just what image the video shows) and a basic thumbnail, then a professionally made(paid for) how big is the jump. Depending on the 3

- How to Make Clickable YouTube Thumbnails in Photoshop That Get More Clicks: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone. Welcome back to ZAT Tutor Academy. In today's video, I'll show you step by step how I created this professional YouTube thumbnail face editing design in Photoshop. If you want to improve your thumbnail quality and make your face stand out, this tutorial is for you. Let's get started. First I will create the background. Go to file, click on place embedded and open your background image. After placing it, go to filter and open camera raw filter here. Adjust the effects. Then move to the color mixer and enhance the tones. Adjust the lighting according to your design style and press okay. Now I will apply motion blur to the background to create depth and focus on the subject. Next go to file again and place embedded a red texture image. Change the blend mode to soft light to give it a dramatic look. Then again go to filter, open camera raw filter and adjust the effects and lighting to enhance the texture. Now create a solid color layer using red. and change its blend mode to soft light. This will add more intensity to the background. Go to file and open the man image. Now let's work on the main subject. Select the object selection tool and select the subject. Click on select a mask to refine the selection. Carefully refine the hair and edges to get a clean cutout. Once done, presstrl + J to create a duplicate layer. Now take the spot healing brush tool and remove pimples or unwanted spots from the face to make the skin clean. Next go to filter and open camera raw filter again. Adjust the lighting. Next, colors. Next, effects. [music] Next, and color mixer to make the face look sharp and attractive. [music] Now I [music] will change the shirt color. Again, open camera raw filter and adjust the colors to make the shirt blue. Then create a clipping mask with the previous layer. Hold Alt and click on the layer mask. Take the brush tool and carefully paint over the shirt to apply the blue color effect. Now add hue/saturation and fine-tune the color balance. Presst controll + g to group the layers. Ctrl + J to duplicate and Ctrl + E to merge. Use the remover tool to clean any rough edges around the subject so it looks more realistic. Now I will add the text enough. I'm skipping detailed text styling because it's simple and would make the video too long. Add a drop shadow to the subject layer to create separation from the background. to darken specific areas and make the thumbnail more dramatic. Now add a watch PNG. and a question mark PNG to make the thumbnail more engaging. Finally, add another hue/saturation layer to enhance the overall look. Create a new layer. Take a soft brush tool and gently paint dark edges to create a subtle vintage vignette effect. And this is the final result. If you enjoyed this tutorial and learned something new, make sure to like, comment, and subscribe to ZTutor Academy. I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LubnaNaeem-u1k [3 likes]: Very helpful and easier step by step explanation for editing thumbnails. Keep continue sharing.
  2. @RanaZubair-o9c [1 likes]: Information video
  3. @ChaudharyYousuf-t1o [1 likes]: Interesting
  4. @ytlater2 [1 likes]: nice
  5. @RajaRajab-z5q [1 likes]: Amazing editing and nice thumbnail ❤
  6. @MishakhanMishakhan-m5i [1 likes]: Nice sharing
  7. @IslamicStuff92-h5m [1 likes]: Great work 👍
  8. @Bhalu-t8v [1 likes]: Interesting editing ❤❤
  9. @Futainment [1 likes]: That's very helpful
  10. @Dikonbipon [1 likes]: Great
  11. @musaBhatti-m5i [1 likes]: Good content
  12. @MuhammadIslam-d7i [1 likes]: Great
  13. @Shimufreelancer-t8w [1 likes]: informative video
  14. @Hope2you [1 likes]: informative video
  15. @RoseShah-j3n2p [1 likes]: Great sharing
  16. @user-ev7qh2bp7z [1 likes]: I will try this soon
  17. @madihasafdar1641 [1 likes]: Zaberdast video
  18. @YoutubeLovers-kd2sn [1 likes]: information
  19. @Naqvi-o4d: Ap boht acha content bna rhy h
  20. @MariaQueen-f6k: Interesting vedio share with

- How to change Face Expressions for your Thumbnails | FREE AI + Photoshop Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Ever had the perfect thumbnail idea, but your client sends you a photo with the wrong expression or head direction? Or maybe you're working with a celebrity photo that just won't cooperate? No worries. In this video, I'll show you a super easy way to manually tweak face expressions and head angles using a free AI tool. Plus, I'll share a website where you can grab stunning editable YouTube thumbnail PSDs. So, stick around. You don't want to miss this. And let's get started. In Google, search for hugging face expression editor. This is the link that we have to click on the first one. After loading, this will be the interface. Let's drag and drop our image first. You can see we have these three main tabs. Head, eyes, and mouth. We want this expression. So, let's start with mouth. Now, we have four sliders here. A, e, woo, and then a smile slider. What they do? Well, you can read these words and notice the movement of your mouth, and you'll understand what these sliders do. We're almost there. Now, if you say woo, you'll see your mouth getting rounder. This is what this slider does. If you drag it to the other side, it will do the opposite of that. Lastly, we'll increase the amount of smile. Yeah, it looks good. And I think we're pretty much done with the mouth. Let's go to eyes tab. Now here, if you drag the eyebrow slider to the left, it will lower the eyebrows. And similarly, if you drag it to the right, it will raise them, which is what we want. This blink slider is basically how much do you want the eyes to be opened or closed. It misplaced the eyes slightly. So to fix that, we can use this pupil Y slider. If you want the person to look in the left or right direction, you can use pupil X slider for it. Another thing here is this wink slider. If we drag it all the way to the right, this is what it does. This is pretty impressive. Right. Now, let's reset it and go to the head tab. Here, you can rotate the head up and down or left or right like this. If you don't want it, you can click on this small button to reset this slider. With this slider, we can tilt the head to the left or right like this. I just want to slightly tilt it towards the left so it looks straight. Perfect. Once happy with the result, we can click on this button here to download the image. Now, go to this website called thumbnailgalaxy.com. Here you can find clickworthy editable YouTube thumbnail PSD files. You can see the designs. They're really impressive. It has thumbnails on all of these YouTube video categories. For example, if we click on education, we can see these amazing designs for education or informative videos. Look at the quality of these thumbnails. There are so many useful elements in them. And now let's go to entertainment. We get many cool designs in this category as well. Most of them are original, but some are recreated thumbnails of famous YouTubers as well. Now, the one I'm going to use for our tutorial is a Mr. Beast thumbnail. So, let's write Mr. Beast in the search bar and press enter. Look at these amazing Mr. Beast style thumbnails. The one I'm going to use is this vacation one. I'm logged in with my subscribed account, so I'll quickly download it. And let's get inside Photoshop. I've opened the PSD file, and we have the website's overlay here. We can simply hide this top layer or unlock and delete it. Then we have the camera raw filter at the top. We'll hide it as well. Eyes and teeth adjustment layers in this group. And then we have the main subject. And then background layers. All layers are separate and easily editable. And if we open the group of the main subject, we can see it has all the adjustment layers there. Camera raw filter and all of the other lighting adjustments. See this is before and this is after. It doesn't have flattened AI images. They have all the manual adjustments. so you can learn the process of making these thumbnails as well. So, make sure to check out Thumbnail Galaxy. It's really useful for thumbnail designers. Now, before importing Cristiano's face into our thumbnail, I removed all of the highlights from his face as Mr. Beast's thumbnails do not have this harsh lighting. How did I do it? You can watch this video for it. And let's import this into our thumbnail. Now, here I'll quickly scale him down and try to match the size of his face with the original. We don't have to match exactly, just whatever looks natural. I think this looks good. Now I'll hide this layer for a moment. Hide the eyes and teeth adjustments as well. Then select this group of our main subject and click on this button to create a mask. And then with a hard round brush, paint with black color on the mask to erase. I'll turn this layer back on now. And this time make the brush softer and erase the extra parts of this image to try and merge both of the images together. Now it's time to match the lighting. And for that I'll use camera raw filter. I'll increase some exposure first. also lighten up the shadows a bit as well and then increase a lot of whites because the original image is very bright. I think it should match now. So I'll click okay and it actually turned out to be perfect. Then I did some refinements and adjustments to make it look as much realistic as possible. We can also use generative fill to improve the composition. So I'll quickly make a selection of the areas which I think need improvement and then generate some variations. The results are cool and I would like to keep this one I think. Then I clean these masks of eyes and teeth adjustments so I can paint my own. Simply select the mask and take black as the foreground color and press alt backspace. Then do the same with other mask as well. Then simply paint on the mask with white color. We'll brighten the eyes first. Now let's go to teeth. Brightening them does help improve the focus on the face and thumbnails. Now another thing we can notice is that the lips are more saturated and darker. So I did the same with a simple hue saturation adjustment and painted over the lips. Of course it's too much. I adjusted the saturation and the darkening of the lips so it looks natural. Next, we can see this redness on the cheeks. So, I quickly painted some of that as well. That too with a simple hue and saturation adjustment layer. Decrease the layers opacity as we need minimal amount of it. Lastly, the face needs some dodging. And for that, hold alt and click on this new layer button. You'll get this popup. Now, here in the mode, choose soft light. Check this box as well. And then click okay. Now, in this layer, we can paint with white for dodging. I started by adding some highlights on the nose and then some on the forehead. Just trying to match it with the composition. We'll need a lot of dodging on the cheeks as well. So I'll add as much as needed on the both sides and then some more on this area as well. After all areas are covered, we can lower the opacity as right now it's too much. After that, press Ctrl Altshift A. This will give us a single merged layer of the whole composition. Convert it to smart object. Now you can add a camera raw filter, but I'll just copy it from the original layer by simply dragging and dropping the filter onto our layer. And that's it. Our thumbnail is ready. I mean, it can be used as a thumbnail for Ronaldo's rich lifestyle video or something. Anyways, this is how you can easily edit face expressions if you didn't get the desired pictures from your clients. Leave a like if you found this video helpful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pixolid [11 likes]: Hey Guys! Just wanted to let you know I tried out YouTube’s new dubbing feature in this video. If you click the settings icon, you’ll see an 'Audio Track' option, with 10 different languages to choose from! Give it a try and let me know in the comments how accurate the translation is :)
  2. @MdRahulIslam-k5p [10 likes]: Not Working 😔😔😔
  3. @sabouihassan492 [8 likes]: I faced this error: This application is currently busy. Please try again.
  4. @tiblinho [1 likes]: thanks a lot my G wee need more content like this
  5. @tiblinho [1 likes]: but  thumbnailgalaxy not free !!
  6. @SoyEasyDesigner [1 likes]: OMG
I LOVE YOUUUUU!!

The audio track in Portuguese was very good.
The part that interested me was just moving the expressions, thanks!
  7. @Soleman619: its Not Free
  8. @LofiSongs-2025a: 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
  9. @RZY89: Crazy CR7⚰️🤣
  10. @wajiabbasi7166: ANY WEBSITE WHERE I CAN GET FREE THUMBNAILS PSD FILES OR ANY CRACK VERSION
  11. @DeepakSahu-wf9hf: Not working 😡😡
  12. @armanraza_attari1278: you are amazing, thanks
  13. @DreamDesigns-o1t: All Thumbnail Material's Just In Rs √200❤
  14. @Mrbruhz17: what photoshop tool are you using?
  15. @kanijfatemamim-b6j: hi sir aer you looking youtube thumbnail designer?
  16. @senoranonimo5864: the page takes quite a long time, please add a variant
  17. @ShaileshChauhan-j1i: Bro,
Please give you font pack❤
  18. @gabrelmods2364: Wooo excelente video mi brother
  19. @iamgameryt7759: Bro it is paid website
  20. @dyuhti: Love you 😘😘🤟🤟🤟

- Why 99% of YouTube Thumbnails Fail: Kind: captions Language: en The vast majority of YouTube creators are only&nbsp; one or two good thumbnails away from a completely&nbsp;&nbsp; different channel trajectory. And most of you guys&nbsp; don't realize it yet because your video could be&nbsp;&nbsp; exceptional. The title could be dialed in. The SEO&nbsp; could be absolutely perfect. And if the thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't stop the scroll, none of it matters. The&nbsp; click never happens. The algorithm never pushes&nbsp;&nbsp; the video. And the video just quietly dies. And&nbsp; that's the part that nobody wants to talk about,&nbsp;&nbsp; honestly. Now, I've been on YouTube for more than&nbsp; 15 years now, and I've personally designed more&nbsp;&nbsp; than 500 thumbnails from scratch. And just a few&nbsp; months ago, I launched this channel that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; watching right now from zero. And now we're&nbsp; closing in on 40,000 subscribers. Side note,&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you guys. With just 37 videos. Now, a huge&nbsp; part of that success and that momentum comes&nbsp;&nbsp; from one thing, packaging. So, by the end of this&nbsp; video, you'll know exactly why certain thumbnails&nbsp;&nbsp; get clicked and exactly why certain thumbnails get&nbsp; ignored. And I'm going to share a thumbnail tool&nbsp;&nbsp; with you guys that saved one of my most recent&nbsp; videos when my process completely fell apart. I&nbsp;&nbsp; only had 90 minutes left to upload a thumbnail&nbsp; in just a few minutes that now has over 15,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views. So stay tuned for that. So why do 99%&nbsp; of thumbnails fail? It's not laziness. It's not&nbsp;&nbsp; bad design software. It's not that people don't&nbsp; care. Here's what I actually believe. Most people&nbsp;&nbsp; teaching thumbnail strategy here on YouTube right&nbsp; now don't fully understand it themselves. They&nbsp;&nbsp; know what a good thumbnail looks like. Don't get&nbsp; me wrong, cuz they watch their homepage. They've&nbsp;&nbsp; seen hundreds of channels, hundreds of videos,&nbsp; thousands of videos, and they've absorbed those&nbsp;&nbsp; patterns over time. But they can't tell you why it&nbsp; works. They'll tell you, "Go make a better title,&nbsp;&nbsp; better thumbnail." And they're not wrong,&nbsp; but they can't break down the mechanism.&nbsp;&nbsp; And because of that, unfortunately, the advice&nbsp; stays surface level so the people watching those&nbsp;&nbsp; videos stay stock. Now, what I'm about to show&nbsp; you in this video is the actual mechanism. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; most creators design thumbnails to describe&nbsp; their video, and that's the wrong job entirely.&nbsp;&nbsp; A thumbnail only has one job. One, to make a&nbsp; promise that the viewer can't walk away from. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; every thumbnail that has ever driven massive&nbsp; click-through rates on any channel, any niche,&nbsp;&nbsp; at any point in YouTube's history does one or more&nbsp; of five specific things. These aren't here today,&nbsp;&nbsp; gone tomorrow tricks and hacks. These are&nbsp; psychological constants that sit underneath&nbsp;&nbsp; every trend, every style, every format that&nbsp; has ever worked on the platform. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; element number one is curiosity. Now, the&nbsp; thumbnail opens up an information gap that the&nbsp;&nbsp; brain is compelled to close. Something is implied&nbsp; but not explained. Think about the last time you&nbsp;&nbsp; clicked a video purely because the thumbnail made&nbsp; you so curious, made you feel like you were going&nbsp;&nbsp; to miss out on something if you didn't click.&nbsp; That wasn't accidental. That was a deliberate&nbsp;&nbsp; gap or loop engineered to trigger that exact&nbsp; response. Now, the second element is contrast.&nbsp;&nbsp; High visual contrast is a biological stop signal,&nbsp; a pattern interrupt. A video feed full of noise&nbsp;&nbsp; that you and I experience every single day. Those&nbsp; high contrast images literally interrupt our eye&nbsp;&nbsp; movements. And it's not just an aesthetic&nbsp; preference. I know that you're like, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't like the way it looks." It's neurological.&nbsp; Your brain is hardwired to notice the thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't look like everything around it. All&nbsp; right. So, element number three is emotion.&nbsp;&nbsp; A human face with a clear, readable emotion on it&nbsp; in a thumbnail is processed by our brain so fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; under 150 milliseconds. That's faster than we can&nbsp; consciously read the title of the video. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; about a thumbnail where somebody looks genuinely&nbsp; shocked or devastated. You felt something before&nbsp;&nbsp; you even knew what the video was about. That's&nbsp; the emotional trigger doing its job. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fourth element is conflict. Something is&nbsp; unresolved. There's something at stake. there's&nbsp;&nbsp; a tension that the viewer can feel that they&nbsp; feel compelled to see resolved. Conflict implies&nbsp;&nbsp; that there's a winner and a loser, a right and a&nbsp; wrong, a light and a dark. And the viewer wants to&nbsp;&nbsp; know which one they are. All right, so for the&nbsp; fifth element, we're talking about reward. The&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail makes an implicit deal with the viewer.&nbsp; If they click this, they're going to get something&nbsp;&nbsp; specific. That could be information, that could&nbsp; be entertainment, validation, maybe a laugh,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know, maybe an answer for something.&nbsp; The clearer that that implied reward is,&nbsp;&nbsp; the higher the click-through rate is going to be&nbsp; because vague thumbnails typically get ignored.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, specific promises, crystal clear imagery,&nbsp; that's what's going to get clicked. All right, now&nbsp;&nbsp; here's where it gets really interesting and where&nbsp; most thumbnail content here on YouTube completely&nbsp;&nbsp; falls short. Trust me, I've been watching this&nbsp; stuff for 10 plus years and exactly why I'm making&nbsp;&nbsp; this video for you guys today. You're going to&nbsp; find a ton of videos out there that are listing&nbsp;&nbsp; the different styles of thumbnails that are&nbsp; working right now. Saw a video recently somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; said neo minimalism, uh, cinematic text. They're&nbsp; adding like super fancy labels to super simple&nbsp;&nbsp; concepts. They're talking about dark backgrounds&nbsp; with uh time constraints. So, don't get me wrong,&nbsp;&nbsp; those styles do exist. They're 100% real. And some&nbsp; of them might still genuinely be working today,&nbsp;&nbsp; but most of the people teaching them can't&nbsp; tell you why they're working. Let me give you&nbsp;&nbsp; an example. Do you know why that dark background&nbsp; with 59 seconds in the thumbnail or title actually&nbsp;&nbsp; works? There's conflict and reward. There's a&nbsp; specific implicit promise and the time constraint&nbsp;&nbsp; makes it feel low stakes enough to click, but&nbsp; high stakes enough to actually matter. And&nbsp;&nbsp; here's another one. Do you know why a warped face&nbsp; works so well in a thumbnail? Because that pattern&nbsp;&nbsp; interrupt is an extreme form of curiosity. a&nbsp; huge gap. The brain sees something that's broken,&nbsp;&nbsp; a skew, a little bit off, and it can't scroll&nbsp; past without getting its attention. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can't move on without talking about that neo&nbsp; minimalism, which is essentially just a simple,&nbsp;&nbsp; plain, clean thumbnail. Do you know why those are&nbsp; dominating on YouTube right now? Pure contrast.&nbsp;&nbsp; In a feed where 90% of thumbnails are overly&nbsp; complicated and feel like they're screaming,&nbsp;&nbsp; silence is the loudest thing in the room&nbsp; at times. Simple, easy to understand,&nbsp;&nbsp; clean. That's what's dominating. Every single&nbsp; style that works works because it executes on one&nbsp;&nbsp; or more of those five elements. The style is just&nbsp; the delivery system at that point. The psychology&nbsp;&nbsp; is the engine behind it because styles change.&nbsp; Something that works really well today could&nbsp;&nbsp; be totally played out in 6 months when everybody&nbsp; else is copying them. But with that being said,&nbsp;&nbsp; these five elements have been true since day&nbsp; one on YouTube. they're still going to be true&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 years, 10 years, 15 years from now. Because I&nbsp; need you to understand that once you learn why&nbsp;&nbsp; these things work and how to implement them into&nbsp; your thumbnails, you're never going to feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to chase trends again. You'll be ahead&nbsp; of them. So, I want you to be honest. How many&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnails have you been making trying to copy a&nbsp; style without understanding why it worked? Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want you to sit with something for a minute&nbsp; because I think it reframes everything we just&nbsp;&nbsp; covered. Thumbnail psychology is not new. It's not&nbsp; a YouTube thing. It's not even a digital thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Think about, and I'm going to date myself&nbsp; here. Have you ever walked into a video&nbsp;&nbsp; rental store back in the day? I'm in my early&nbsp; 40s. Maybe if you're too young for that, uh,&nbsp;&nbsp; think about scrolling Netflix. That could be more&nbsp; relatable right now. Every single image that you&nbsp;&nbsp; see has been deliberately engineered, designed to&nbsp; make you stop, consider, click, grab. I'm talking&nbsp;&nbsp; about movie posters, VHS covers back in the day.&nbsp; I guess Blu-rays too, magazine covers, book art,&nbsp;&nbsp; album art for for music for sure. Every single&nbsp; one is designed with one mission. get somebody's&nbsp;&nbsp; attention long enough to make them consider going&nbsp; further with that piece of art, with that piece of&nbsp;&nbsp; content, with that thing. And think about that,&nbsp; that craft is older than the internet, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; older than television, and the psychology behind&nbsp; it has never changed because human attention&nbsp;&nbsp; really has never changed aside from, you know,&nbsp; our constantly shrinking attention spans. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; when somebody tells you that the thumbnails don't&nbsp; matter, or they tell me that the thumbnails don't&nbsp;&nbsp; matter, I hear somebody that doesn't realize that&nbsp; they're playing a game that's been played for over&nbsp;&nbsp; a hundred years. The rules have been written since&nbsp; before any of us were born. So, you can learn and&nbsp;&nbsp; understand those rules or ignore them. Uh act like&nbsp; you're better than them and stay stuck. Now, with&nbsp;&nbsp; that being said, here's what most people get wrong&nbsp; about YouTube. Most people think the majority of&nbsp;&nbsp; the work is in the content itself. And I agree&nbsp; on the surface that feels like common sense.&nbsp;&nbsp; But think about any other business. Think about&nbsp; a plumbing company, a restaurant, a big movie&nbsp;&nbsp; studio, maybe a shoe brand like Nike or Adidas.&nbsp; The product itself is only a portion of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're doing to bring it to the market, right?&nbsp; the packaging, the presentation, the way you put&nbsp;&nbsp; it out in front of the people, that work is just&nbsp; as critical as the thing itself. The content is&nbsp;&nbsp; like a cake. It needs to be exceptional. It can't&nbsp; taste like It needs to be the best cake in the&nbsp;&nbsp; room. But the frosting, the way it's decorated,&nbsp; the way it's tiered, the sprinkles, the accutra,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what makes people hungry before they ever&nbsp; had a bite. That's what makes them reach for that&nbsp;&nbsp; cake over everything else on the table. Come here.&nbsp; Your thumbnail is the frosting if you didn't get&nbsp;&nbsp; that part. And nobody orders an unfrosted cake&nbsp; for an important event. And in this context,&nbsp;&nbsp; your video is an important event. Now,&nbsp; understanding the psychology is only half of it,&nbsp;&nbsp; though. There's still the execution problem here.&nbsp; And that's where it gets real. So, let me tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; what happened to me a few days ago because it's&nbsp; the most honest way I can illustrate exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; what I'm talking about here. Now, these days, to&nbsp; save time, I do work with a thumbnail designer&nbsp;&nbsp; on occasion, and that collaboration is pretty&nbsp; good. Usually, I'd say seven out of 10 times,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm pretty happy with what he sends over. Uh, but&nbsp; those three or four or sometimes five times that&nbsp;&nbsp; he sends a file to me and I'm not happy with it, I&nbsp; bring it into Photoshop and I'm doing the final 20&nbsp;&nbsp; to 30% to get that thumbnail to where it needs&nbsp; to be, which under pressure when you're paying&nbsp;&nbsp; somebody, it's really frustrating. So, for my&nbsp; last video where I ranked more than a dozen&nbsp;&nbsp; different YouTube niches, my designer sends me a&nbsp; thumbnail super last minute, two of them, in fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was disappointed with both of them, to say&nbsp; the least. I was 90 minutes away from this video&nbsp;&nbsp; going live on a Monday morning. Um, and I was in&nbsp; a bad position because a weak thumbnail on a video&nbsp;&nbsp; that you worked hard on isn't just an aesthetics&nbsp; problem. And I need you guys to understand that it&nbsp;&nbsp; quickly becomes a compounding problem for your&nbsp; business, for your channel. Because when your&nbsp;&nbsp; click-through rate underperforms, the algorithm&nbsp; reads that as low interest and starts pulling&nbsp;&nbsp; back on distribution. As I've talked about in&nbsp; other videos, all that work that you put into&nbsp;&nbsp; that video, all the hopes that you had for that&nbsp; video, and you watch it die in the first 48 hours.&nbsp;&nbsp; I did a video on that as well because it failed&nbsp; the first impression test. You can understand all&nbsp;&nbsp; this psychology perfectly and still get burnt and&nbsp; have a flop if the execution falls apart in the&nbsp;&nbsp; last minute. So, when I found myself in that exact&nbsp; situation, I turned to the tool that has genuinely&nbsp;&nbsp; become a go-to part of my thumbnail workflow. If&nbsp; you guys like my thumbnails, this is going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; an absolute gamecher for you. I first came across&nbsp; this tool uh I don't know three or four years ago&nbsp;&nbsp; when I was part of a mastermind cohort that was&nbsp; hosted by Patty Galloway. Shout out to Patty. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and since then it's become something that I&nbsp; rely on consistently. And where the platform&nbsp;&nbsp; is today compared to when I first found it, that&nbsp; is insanely impressive. You guys have probably&nbsp;&nbsp; heard of it before, but the tool is called one&nbsp; of 10. Now, here's what I want you to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; about one of 10 because this distinction matters,&nbsp; especially in today's world. It's not a AI image&nbsp;&nbsp; generator that produces random visuals that you&nbsp; can maybe hope look good in a YouTube thumbnail.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's an entire platform specifically built&nbsp; around high performing YouTube thumbnail data. It&nbsp;&nbsp; analyzes what's actually working on the feed right&nbsp; now. And it generates backgrounds, compositions,&nbsp;&nbsp; and visual concepts that are already optimized&nbsp; for the psychology of clicking before you've added&nbsp;&nbsp; your face, your text, and your brand. And let me&nbsp; tell you, that matters, especially right now when&nbsp;&nbsp; the landscape of YouTube thumbnails is changing as&nbsp; rapidly as it is. You're not working from a guess.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're not chasing a trend that you saw somewhere.&nbsp; You're not doing a screenshot and bringing it into&nbsp;&nbsp; Photoshop and trying to mimic it. You're working&nbsp; off the actual data. And I've seen a lot of tools&nbsp;&nbsp; pop up trying to do what one of 10 does, and I've&nbsp; put them side by side. The difference is blatantly&nbsp;&nbsp; obvious. You could tell which one was built to&nbsp; innovate and actually help creators, and when&nbsp;&nbsp; which one was built as a a cheap knockoff to make&nbsp; a few bucks. Now, for that video that I told you&nbsp;&nbsp; about where my thumbnail designer completely&nbsp; dropped the ball, I used one of 10 to design&nbsp;&nbsp; the background for that thumbnail. I just added my&nbsp; face and I had a good to go thumbnail in under 10&nbsp;&nbsp; minutes. You can see it right here. Published that&nbsp; with time to spare. That video now has over 15,000&nbsp;&nbsp; views, has a 98.5% like ratio, and more than 500&nbsp; comments, not to mention a very high CTA. Now, I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not saying that one of 10 is the only reason that&nbsp; that video performed. The content had to deliver&nbsp;&nbsp; on the thumbnail's promise. But the thumbnail got&nbsp; the click. See, that's the first battle that we&nbsp;&nbsp; have to win. And if not for one of 10, that video&nbsp; would have flopped, which would have negatively&nbsp;&nbsp; affected my channel's momentum. Now, let me show&nbsp; you how crazy this tool actually is. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. So, I want to show you how quick and easy&nbsp; it is to make an A+ ready to go high-converting&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail directly in one of 10. It's going to&nbsp; save you a ton of time, a ton of frustration,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a ton of money depending on what you're&nbsp; doing right now for your thumbnails. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the homepage, the outlier section.&nbsp; There's all these different filters,&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can go through and really customize all&nbsp; of these different parameters for your specific&nbsp;&nbsp; likes and dislikes. This is just wide open right&nbsp; now. I love looking at thumbnails in different&nbsp;&nbsp; niches because then you can apply it to your niche&nbsp; and be unique compared to finding something that&nbsp;&nbsp; already exists in your space. There's so many&nbsp; great ones. All of these are outliers on these&nbsp;&nbsp; channels, which means that they're high performing&nbsp; thumbnails regardless of the subscriber count. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go over to trackers. Now, if there's&nbsp; people in your space, competitors, people that you&nbsp;&nbsp; look up to that you want to be like one day, that&nbsp; you aspire to get your channel to that size, this&nbsp;&nbsp; is where you can add channels. So you could track&nbsp; what they're doing, see their outlier videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; and just use that as a reference point. Now, right&nbsp; here, same thing. Bookmarks, you can go and you&nbsp;&nbsp; could save ideas. You can do all these different&nbsp; things throughout your experience on one of 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're all housed right here, which I think&nbsp; is great. Now, if you have a hard time generating&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas, one of 10 is using data of all the top&nbsp; performing channels, so they're not guessing.&nbsp;&nbsp; And so, the idea generator is going to get you&nbsp; on the right track quickly. Same with the title&nbsp;&nbsp; generator. As you see down here, I used this&nbsp; title generator for my last video where I was&nbsp;&nbsp; breaking down a bunch of different niches on&nbsp; YouTube. Side note, I know I missed a bunch,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I'm going to do a part two. Uh, but this is&nbsp; the meat and potatoes right here. The thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; generator is what it's all about. Now, on my last&nbsp; video on this video, I've already used this to&nbsp;&nbsp; make the thumbnail. You guys are going to see a&nbsp; very close iteration of this thumbnail for this&nbsp;&nbsp; video, right? And there's a bunch of different&nbsp; iterations that you saw popped up. So, that's what&nbsp;&nbsp; I did here. But if you want to do a video, let's&nbsp; say for example, I'll do a video on um you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube productivity uh for planning videos. And I&nbsp; just hit generate. I didn't add my photo. I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; add a reference photo, which you can do right&nbsp; here. You can add a reference image while this&nbsp;&nbsp; is thinking. Meaning, I like this thumbnail.&nbsp; Make mine kind of look like that, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; or you can add your face. The cool thing about one&nbsp; of 10 is it's connected to your channel. So, it'll&nbsp;&nbsp; already go in and look at all the thumbnails.&nbsp; It'll look at all the images of you and reference&nbsp;&nbsp; those within its built-in proprietary&nbsp; AI to generate these thumbnails. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; I just gave it a one-s sentence thing. And we're&nbsp; going to see what what pops up here in a second. Now, in real time, that took 22 seconds. I have a&nbsp; timer right over here on my screen. 22 seconds to&nbsp;&nbsp; create four usable thumbnails. There's two right&nbsp; now that I would be very comfortable posting on&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube for a video on productivity as a content&nbsp; creator, as a YouTuber. And now just think if you&nbsp;&nbsp; get a little bit little bit more specific, if I&nbsp; type or if I click on this and I edit with AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could say uh done in 30 minutes for text&nbsp; on screen. And then it does its thing. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; about that. You can go in, you could change the&nbsp; text, you can change images. If I wanted to,&nbsp;&nbsp; I could change the red glow and the green&nbsp; glow to something maybe orange and purple.&nbsp;&nbsp; And in just a matter of moments, you're going to&nbsp; have a secondary version. And you can go through&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can make a different thumbnail, make a&nbsp; tweak, have a different idea. If you don't like&nbsp;&nbsp; the dark style that you're seeing right here,&nbsp; it can pop over into being a light style. The&nbsp;&nbsp; greatest thing about this is you don't have&nbsp; to have some crazy designer background to&nbsp;&nbsp; make these things unbelievably beautiful and in&nbsp; just about 10 seconds done in 30 minutes. Guys,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're not using one of 10, I don't know what&nbsp; you're waiting on. All right. Now, I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; using this tool for years as a paying customer&nbsp; and I trusted enough in a real world situation&nbsp;&nbsp; that I reached out to the team at one of 10 and&nbsp; set something very special up for you guys. You&nbsp;&nbsp; could try one of 10 yourself for 30 days for only&nbsp; $1. And I'll put the link in the description box&nbsp;&nbsp; below. If thumbnails are something you're already&nbsp; good at, it's only going to make you faster and&nbsp;&nbsp; help you hone your craft. If there's something&nbsp; that are quietly killing your channel's growth,&nbsp;&nbsp; it might be the thing that finally fixes it. It's&nbsp; going to take care of a lot of problems that you&nbsp;&nbsp; might have been frustrated with. Now, with that&nbsp; being said, if you're ready to go allin on your&nbsp;&nbsp; channel, get into momentum, and stop being stuck.&nbsp; Watch this video next. If you haven't yet, click&nbsp;&nbsp; that little subscribe button to join the channel&nbsp; family here. Again, link for one of 10 will be in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description box below. 30 days for a dollar.&nbsp; And until next time, I appreciate you watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAdamIvy [32 likes]: Be honest... have you ever posted a video you knew was good, then watched it underperform because the thumbnail just did not hit? What do you think usually goes wrong for you?
  2. @BiznessDecisionSports [1 likes]: U spoke of a ⏳️ crunch for a thumbnail that was 90 mins away... Making the thumnail first is the common practice taught... What do u think about that? Sometimes i can reverse engineer a thumnail based on what i know is in the video vs an idea. Am I working backwards?
  3. @paullavoie5542 [1 likes]: The first time I heard of thumbnails was art class in high school in the late 90s.
  4. @ev-unpluggedUK [1 likes]: so only the $828 per year option allows ai generation? no thanks
  5. @YeSirUntamedChinese [1 likes]: As a newcomer, I didn't really understand how thumbnails worked, so my videos barely got any views. I’m currently working on improving them, and even though my CTR is still quite low... haha.
  6. @alaska_realtor [1 likes]: How do we create curiosity and clarity at the same time? That's not a tongue-in-cheek comment, that's a real question I'm wrestling with.
  7. @JK-pb3gv [1 likes]: I never click affiliate links - but in this case, I went out of my way to make sure you got my 1of10 attribution :) thanks a bunch
  8. @youssoufrider: cool
  9. @formerlyknownashammerofthegods: Sometimes a thumbnail can be a subtle change away from perfect.
  10. @thetravelingclarksunpacked: I love creating thumbnails!  It’s challenging and drives me crazy sometimes.  😊
  11. @TeeBCooking: Good info makes a ton of sense 😊
  12. @MikeB82983: Any tips for trying to build a sports podcast channel?
  13. @gamers279: I was intrigued until last i learned that it cost money to use this program if some knows something that works that is free to use that's not ai let me know
  14. @lorilmcbride: Hey Adam - I watched the demo thumbnail generator for 1 of 10 and I was wondering - what if your channel is new? Meaning I do not ha e a video up there yet. How would you approach using it to create your channel style? I want mine to be unique/not like anyone elses - I appreciate your feedback - thx😊
  15. @sleamsartandtravels: Only for long form and not shorts?
  16. @willknowsmarketing: Do you happen to know which ai platform they use to populate imagery?
  17. @CALLmeM93: Hey man i just found out ur channel and thx for the videos
  18. @HavanaGuyInArkansas: I know that my thumbnails suck. That's why I'm here. Here is thing: this YouTube "thing" is not taught in high school or college. For me, even being a photographer, things are hard to understand when they lack of that what I called "repeatable logic" However, some people have cracked the code. I'm still looking at it and seeing old sanscrit and despite being bi-lingual and speaking a little bit of french as well, I sure hell don't know shit about this sanscrit-algorithm language. I have a channel which I'll try to grow, but the reality is that I'm completely fucked. 🙂
  19. @BitesAcrossBorders1: My problem is that YouTube only shows my Videos in three specific countries. I dont know what to do to get it un-stuck and spread to other countries. I get 600-2000 views per short, subscribers do trickle in but it doesnt spread. It's SO frustrating.
  20. @NO2_Ridezz: Thanks man!

- Clickbait Psychology: Why Your Brain Wants You to Click: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] why do I keep seeing blue on toenails why is Amanda Seyfried stalking me about my level of education and what are these slimy green things I keep seeing that can cure Edie its clickbait and marketers are good at it marketing expert Ellie Craig built me in this is all neuroscience the truth is we run subconsciously 95% of the time here are 4 sketchy ways those ads below the article are controlling your mind first marketers know that your brain has a biorhythm we can actually see in the brain when we're scared about a photo in the beginning and then we see us getting used to it and it used to take 12 times thinking of it and then you would feel more comfortable with that image now we're up to 15 times per day a little more skeptical away we have a scientifically proven capacity to just barely learn then what and then our peak starts to go back down where we're like so used to you now you're commonplace and actually we can see that our eyes see the photo but they're looking right past it that's why you see the same images everywhere then BAM you never see that picture again next up why do we fall for obvious photo shops that exaggeration is playing on our natural need for wanting more and so these exaggerated photos they'll be no logically it's not real play on that desire that we want more so we're gonna click on it I did not authorize the use of my body in that image and there's the flipside of aspirational what we're calling the honey booboo effect it's really the honey booboo effect because it makes us feel good about ourselves we're like well at least we're not that person and this is how my unaltered photo gets used finally and this is the scary one there's unauthorized use of photos sure you know that Warren Buffett probably isn't endorsing those obscure websites they'd rather play the game of send me a cease and desist order and I at least gotta use vintage for a while but it don't have to be a movie star to get played consumerist reported that scammers used screen captures from youtuber Janet Olivier eras host on getting Botox injections to sell skin cream that's better than Botox here is my before and after Botox could happen he'll do anyone can just easily go swipe our picture from our profile page and use it however they want you could be using an advertisement you could be used as social proof for a product or service that you may not even agree with and you don't even know it so Google yourself you should totally image search ourselves and then send a cease and desist order of your own just like the Stars so don't take the bait clicking smart is what's the deal

  Top Comments:
  1. @sefyboy7183 [1 likes]: I legit have never clicked any of those photos. The only place I get click baited is on Youtube.
  2. @darkemperor2286: click bait +vruis : destroy your phone and computer

- How to Make Viral Thumbnails in 2026 (Full Guide): Kind: captions Language: en After generating hundreds of millions of views on YouTube, we learned one hard truth. Thumbnails matter more than almost anything. Because if nobody clicks, nobody watches. So today, I'm going to share our 10-step system to create viral thumbnails that are so good, they basically force viewers to click on them. Let's get into it. Step one, make your thumbnail before you script, edit, or film absolutely anything. When I first started YouTube, I'd always treat my thumbnails kind of like an afterthought. You know, I'd do my script, I'd film the video, I'd edit it, and then oh, I have to publish, time to make a thumbnail. This is so bad and so unnecessary. If you make your thumbnails like this, you're basically locked into whatever you've already filmed and edited. And if you come up with a really good thumbnail idea that maybe doesn't fit your script, you're kind of screwed. Or you have to go re-film, and that's so inconvenient. Instead, you should come up with absolutely banger thumbnail concepts first and create them before you script your video. Because then, if you need to adjust your script, you can. You don't have to go re-film, re-edit, etc. Because again, if nobody clicks, nobody watches. So you need to come up with your thumbnail first to ensure that you're able to have the best video possible. Moving on, step two, stop trying to make your thumbnails look pretty, because pretty doesn't get clicks. Understandability does. A lot of creators think they need to make these like super intricate, detailed art projects for their thumbnails, when in reality, that again is not what gets clicks. The little details don't matter really at all. YouTube thumbnails are previewed at very small sizes, often times even on a phone. What this means is that those little details that you're trying to add are just simply not going to be noticed or even seen. Second, your YouTube thumbnails aren't viewed in isolation, they're viewed next to hundreds of other videos on the YouTube homepage. this means is that viewers are not looking at your thumbnail for even six, seven, eight seconds. They're looking at your thumbnails for like a millisecond. So to make a thumbnail that gets clicks and blows up your video, you need to prioritize understandability over aesthetics. Step three, when you're making your thumbnails, don't start from scratch, start with what's already worked. Every creator with over 100,000 subscribers that I've ever met does this thing called outlier validation. An outlier is a video that's over performed on a channel. For example, if a channel averages 10,000 views per video, and they make a video that gets 100,000 views, that video is a 10x outlier. And it signals to us that there's something special about that video that we can copy, often times it's the thumbnail. So with any thumbnail that you're going to create, instead of just guessing and trying to make a concept that might go viral, you need to do outlier research to give yourself the highest chance of success. To do this, go to oneof10.com, go to filters, go to the last six months, at least a 2x outlier, and then search up your video concept. So if I'm making a video called how to make a million dollars in 2026, I'll look up make a million dollars or how to make a million dollars. And what this will do is give me a ton of other viral videos similar to mine that have gone viral in the last six months. Because these videos are outliers and went viral recently, chances are I can take whatever they did for their thumbnails that worked and do it myself. So scroll through and screenshot six or seven thumbnails that you think you can make for your channel and put them into a document for later. That's outlier research. Step four, you're going to actually create your thumbnails. You can use free tools like Canva or Photopea, or you can pay for a tool like Photoshop, which I personally recommend, or what's even new this year is AI thumbnail generators. Now, most of these aren't good, but the one I've been using for basically every single thumbnail that I've created this year is the oneof10 thumbnail generator. You're going to take all those outlier concepts that you screenshotted earlier and kind of get it down to like your top three. You can decide on the best three concepts by just simply thinking about your audience. If you already have videos posted, go to your YouTube analytics and go to the audience tab and look at the ages, genders, and countries of your audience. And if you don't have videos posted, just think about who would watch your videos. they male? Are they female? Are they young? Are they old? Are they from English-speaking countries? Are they from non-English-speaking countries? All of these things will influence what thumbnail concepts will perform best on your channel. Let's say I have a large percentage of my audience that is not native English speakers, I'll probably limit the number of words and text in my thumbnails to make it still easily understandable by a non-native audience. Or if I have a younger audience and I'm making this video about how to make a million dollars in 2026, I'll show them things that really resonate with them. For example, maybe the fact that I'm young or that I have supercars or a nice house, right? These things are very attractive to my target audience. And just think about what does my target audience want? Do they really want like an aesthetic mirror selfie, or do they want me posted up in a really nice car for this particular video concept? Just [music] think about it. And then once you have your top three, you're going to make them in your editing software of choice. Step five, remove things from your thumbnail until there's nothing left to remove. There's this rule that a lot of top creators swear by called the three-element rule. What this means is that viral thumbnails will have three main elements and almost nothing else. Look at any of these examples, right? One, two, three. One, two, three. One, two, three. Maybe like one, two, three, four. But for the most part, it's all three elements. Step six, thumbnails that have a lot going on make it really hard for viewers to quickly understand them. And if a viewer doesn't quickly understand a thumbnail, then they're not going to click on it. So whatever's in your thumbnail, just think how can I make this simpler, and it's going to become a better thumbnail. Step seven, make sure your title and thumbnail tell the exact same story. Although outlier research is really effective to come up with viral thumbnail concepts, it only works if it also works with your title. Which is why it's so important to make your thumbnail first, because then you can change your title, and change your hook, and change your script, and etc. Your thumbnail should always advance whatever your title is saying, not necessarily just repeat it or even do something unrelated. On YouTube, your titles and thumbnails are not two different things, they're really just the same thing working together. Step eight, use colors and contrast to stand out without sacrificing realism. On YouTube, contrast grabs attention and realism gains trust. You need both. First off, 80% of YouTube users use dark mode, so high contrast and bright colors allows you to stand out on a dark feed. However, you don't want to do too much of this where your thumbnail starts to look unrealistic, right? For an older audience, they probably value much more realism, authenticity, and realistic photos and colors versus a younger audience, you can probably get away with bright backgrounds and flashy colors. So really just think about again, who am I making my thumbnails for? And to the best of your abilities, make sure that your thumbnail pops and stands out with your colors and contrast. Step nine, use thumbnail text only when it adds new information to your video. On YouTube, text can either save or sabotage your thumbnail. We did a study here at oneof10 of over 300,000 viral videos from 2025, and we found overall that having text in a thumbnail leads to less views. Now, there's obviously cases where text helps and some cases where text doesn't help, but overall, not having text in your thumbnail basically forces you to show and not tell, which allows you to create usually either more curiosity or just a more emotional response from a viewer to get them to click. If you're going to use text a thumbnail, you should not just be repeating the title, because then you're just wasting space in your thumbnail. Instead, you should use it to add additional context that viewers don't already know. Here's some good examples. See how this is the title, this is the text they're using. It's adding context, right? Same here and same here. [music] Finally, step 10, switch your titles and thumbnails, but not too much. Once you've posted a YouTube video, it is so important that you are testing multiple thumbnails and changing them as you go along. This is why for a single video, we ended up with three different thumbnail concepts, because it allows us to run a three-way AB test using YouTube's AB testing features. The reason this is so important is because you don't know which thumbnail is going to perform better. There have been times where I thought one thumbnail was better than two others, but one of the other two actually won the test at the end of the day. Additionally, once a video dies out, you can just simply switch the thumbnail and maybe it gets extra views. I've had this happen so many times where a video has been dead, I've switched the thumbnail, and in this case, it got over 200,000 views from being basically dead. It's actually insane how high leverage it is to just change your titles and thumbnails after a few days. Now, how do you know when to change a title or thumbnail? Don't look at your CTR. Most people think a high CTR means a good thumbnail and a low CTR means a bad thumbnail, but this is simply not the case. CTR is always going to start out really high because your video's being recommended to your subscribers and people that have watched you before. As a video gets more views, CTR will look dramatically worse and drop, but it doesn't mean that the thumbnail's bad, it just means the video's [music] been pushed out to more people. You could have a video with 100 views and like a 10% CTR. It doesn't mean the thumbnail's good because the video only has 100 views. So don't look at your CTR, look at your impressions. If a video's impression graph has gone like this and flatlined, the video's probably dead. You should probably change the title and thumbnail. All top creators do this, by the way. And that's how to create viral thumbnails in 10 steps. Hopefully you learned something. Let me know if you have any questions, and check out this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thatsrealtem [5 likes]: N8 bro we Miss you
  2. @madetouplift [5 likes]: The channel deserves more than 1k subs
  3. @zMetaBS [3 likes]: 1:32 2:46 "67" bro 🥀
  4. @Sigma943IGN [3 likes]: Really helpful thanks!
  5. @terrabyteyt [2 likes]: hmm thanks good info
  6. @someguy3212 [2 likes]: it would be better to see this channel as proof for these methods, 10 months and an average view count of 500ish aint the best big bro
  7. @Yourboyrboyr [2 likes]: 0:02 W jman
  8. @GDawg-yt [2 likes]: I know you said not to promote a video through external websites and third party places, but if I do it DIRECTLY through YouTubers add promotion area, would that bring more people to my channel, or just kill it? Small content creators gather here.
  9. @AmenyaGrowthLAB [2 likes]: This was really helpful 🙌 I like how you explained that great thumbnails aren’t about being flashy, but about clarity, emotion, and curiosity. When the thumbnail does its job, clicking feels almost automatic. Solid breakdown 👏🎯. Small YouTubers let's connect and grow together 💪
  10. @Jooshiesaur [1 likes]: 601 views 🥀
  11. @shortcut-l8y [1 likes]: Small YouTubers let’s make our dreams into a reality, We got this 👍
  12. @ReadingStoriesGG [1 likes]: :face-red-heart-shape:
  13. @deadlights22 [1 likes]: This channel deserves 2 subs
  14. @FriedChicken_64 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips!
  15. @gilesmendes-s9f [1 likes]: if you know so much why do you have 60 videos and 1k subs
  16. @LunarLlamah [1 likes]: 3rd
  17. @yesithn: 🔥🔥
  18. @StreamerVerseOfficial: o
  19. @big-g-1: How many times has this thing been sold 😭😭😭
  20. @Ethiopian_legacy: That’s helpful thank you bro

- How to make thumbnails to get more VIEWS- In just 5 minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en if you want to get more clicks and views on your YouTube videos with your thumbnails but you hate making thumbnails you're going to love this video because I'm going to give you the rules I follow every time I make a YouTube thumbnail then I'm going to show you three ways to make a thumbnail in less than five minutes including the super fast process I've been using during my YouTube challenge and just because it's fast doesn't mean it's not effective because I'm getting some of the highest click-through rates I've ever gotten on this channel by the way this is day 10 of my YouTube challeng I am challenging myself to post a YouTube video every single day and you can follow along if you want to level up your channel make better videos and have fun in the process before I give you my five thumbnail rules you need to understand why your thumbnails are so important they are the gatekeeper to you getting views on your YouTube videos it's like a cover of a book or a poster for a movie if those are not exciting if they don't create curiosity people aren't reading the and they're not watching the movie and they're not watching your videos this first thumbnail rule is all about you connecting with your audience if you have an educational Channel or if you have a personal brand you want that human connection and that's why you will always see my face on my YouTube thumbnails because I want people to know oh that is Virginia that's the person making this video and eye contact and facial expressions are the fastest way to connect with someone the second rule is is if you want that human connection you have to have some kind of emotion on your face but hear me out I used to make thumbnails that look like this and lots of people still do this has to do with your personal preference and your brand and who you're attracting to your account these click baity looking pictures on thumbnails don't do it for me anymore not only do they not get me clicks I don't really like seeing them anymore so a lot of times I have to think like my viewer and wonder what would they rather consume and if you've noticed in this entire series I'm trying to get more personal I'm trying not to sound so presenter like and having these fake looking pictures on your thumbnails is not really authentic looking so I have Expressions on my face but I try not to be over the top and especially the ones that look like this I have found that the ones where I look super irritated never did well that last rule is something you're going to need to test because it can be different for every channel but this next rule is something everybody needs to go by when it comes to making thumbnails you've got to make your thumbnail so easy to read especially since the majority of people are looking at YouTube on their phones so that means you are going to use very easyto read fonts nothing really fancy and curly looking because that's hard to read I also don't use more than four words on my YouTube thumbnails because I want it to be super easy to read and I want it to be something that's going to help them want to go read the title underneath that thumbnail my next thumbnail rule has a lot to do with the last rule because we again want it to be really easy for them to read so I make sure that my fonts are big enough so that they can easily be seen on a phone and I also want to make sure that my fonts are on the left side of my thumbnail because people in the US read from left to right also over on the right side of your thumbnail is where YouTube is going to put a lot of symbols like the length of time of your video will be on the right side of your thumbnail so a lot of times words are covered up by that because they are too far over to the right of the thumbnail this next rule has to do with one of the biggest mistakes people make when it comes to thumbnails they repeat in their thumbnail exactly what they put in their title not realizing that that is wasted real estate if you really want people to click on your video then you want your title and your thumbnail to go together so what I do is I make sure it is very clear what they're going to get in the video in the title of the video but in the thumbnail I want to evoke some kind of emotion and I'm not going to use the exact same words that I use in the title in my thumbnail and you can look at some of these examples and you'll see exactly what I mean I want people to know that they're going to get something that they really want out of that thumbnail or they're going to avoid something they really don't want when they see that thumbnail so I'm very intentional with the words I put on my thumbnail in fact I know what my thumbnail is going to say before I ever hit record on any video now let's get to the three easy ways you can make thumbnails in less than five minutes the first way is you're going to use your phone and you're going to take some pictures of yourself preferably in front of a blank wall because we are going to be removing the background and it's a lot easier when you don't have anything behind you once you take some pictures on your phone using your countdown now in this version we are going to be using Instagram to make this thumbnail I have an apple so on my Apple phone I can just tap down on a picture and it will immediately copy that picture without the background then I'm going to open up Instagram stories and I'm going to hit create I'm going to select a background color that would be part of my brand and then I'm going to hit paste I'm going to paste that picture right there then I can simply use the text to create a title on that picture and I'm doing this horizontally and then I'm going to save that to my phone bam you've got a thumbnail picture now the next way is we're going to do the same thing with the pictures from our phone except we're going to upload it to canva and in canva you can select effects and then select remove background and now you don't have a background on your picture you can put any other picture behind it or a different color if you want to and again you're going to be adding four words or less and very easy to read font towards the left side of your thumbnail and then you're going to save that as a PNG G this last way is the way that I have been making my thumbnails for this challenge I simply take a screenshot from the video either on my computer or if I have shot something on my phone I can take it from my phone then I upload that to canva and notice that I have all of my thumbnails looking almost exactly the same except I have a different screenshot for every video but I'm using the same little background bar in the same place every time and this is a great hack for you if you go ahead and create a template inside canva it's going to make your life so much easier when it comes to making thumbnails because now all you have to do is change out the text and change out the picture save it as a PNG boom you got a thumbnail now this is one way to simplify your YouTube process by making effective but easy thumbnails but now you got to figure out how am I going to record videos more frequently especially with the crazy schedules that we have in my next video I'm going to show you how I'm recording a video no matter what my day looks like every single day

  Top Comments:
  1. @Richboss1-l5i: Hi everyone am new here I wish you all the best as a new starter is just faith
  2. @ttendoirene: Congratulations dear for this great milestone, God has been so good 🥰
  3. @RetirementPrepper: Great insight for men to learn from as a new channel creator.  Glad to be a subscriber and I look forward to more fantastic tips!
  4. @M.INDLESS01: This video is really useful.
  5. @hiramabiff5557: I clicked this vid because you look rediculous like Jim Carey in the thumbnail
  6. @sarmindrawingacademy: I try so hard but I can't. God knows if I will ever be able to. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  7. @LindaLaforge: Question. I need to redo my thumbs for art mediation videos. My face isn’t in the videos, jut my hands at work. Should I still put myself in the thumb, maybe holding the art?  I definitely need to retitle the image as it’s the same as the video name. Thanks for this! The wheels in my head go round and round!
  8. @mathewforsyth1006: Thanks. But, I'm 30 seconds in and that top-right drawer is not closed properly and now it is all I can think about. Can it be closed? Can you close it and redo this video? And, what's in it anyway? Probably something too big right? Wait. And why are the handles on the cupboard doors both on the right!? That's not even Ikea. Did you put it together? That drawer should really be closed and those handles should really, both meet in the middle. Shoe boxes are too big for most drawers and that cupboard is definitely upside down and facing the wrong way. I'm not going to scroll back up. I'm imagining a plant that needs water or some embarrassing foreign object left on a table of something. I'll just going to listen from here. Next to all the shitty thumbnails on the right BTW.
  9. @Steven_Ilse: One of the best descriptions I’ve seen in a while thank you. Definitely new to all of this stuff 🫣💯
  10. @phenario: I love it, I got zero views
  11. @AshaBloodmoon: Wonderful video! Thanks!
  12. @SandeepTete-e6z: Thank you for your help
  13. @Shinewithmoojaahid: Or just use Nano Banana 🍌 😅
  14. @GarysSlotsTravel: hello, I just found your channel and subscribed. when taking pictures for your thumbnail, does it matter if you use your phone or tablet! schould I download a canvas app or just save canvas on my desktop pc? I am looking to try and better my videos with thumbnails,intros etc. thanks
  15. @RuthyMichaels: Thanks so much, Virginia. I really needed this.
  16. @Linah_ke: Thank you I have learned somethong new🎉
  17. @ehlmoyana1388: Thank you for sharing this video to us ❤🎉
  18. @RyahWood: So helpful! 🎉
  19. @RyahWood: Fabulous information! Thank you.
  20. @borasilman2926: Great info thank you

- Use This Secret Thumbnail Technique To Get More Views On Youtube!: Kind: captions Language: en if i had to choose one way to grow a youtube channel it would be to improve my youtube thumbnails because if you get a youtube thumbnail that is highly clickable and it gets a very high click-through rate there is a very very high chance of youtube recommending that video to other people on youtube it shows up as a suggested video it shows up in search so i always always always recommend people improve their youtube thumbnail as the number one strategy to grow a youtube channel the biggest problem is at some point you are going to get to a point where you really can't make your thumbnail any better or maybe you think you are making the best thumbnail that you can but i did find a solution to really stepping up youtube thumbnails that i really haven't seen other people utilize okay so i'm gonna make this video to show you exactly how to do that and that is by adding elements to your youtube thumbnail that are in 3d format let me show you exactly how to do this step by step so here's a youtube thumbnail i designed previously now i got this template from a platform called envato elements and i will link to how i create these type of thumbnails but i did use a 2d object here right this just is a graphic i got from envato elements but i'm going to replace it with a 3d object that i think is going to make this youtube thumbnail really stand out so i'm going to go ahead and delete this now i'm using photoshop to do this and i do have a link to a free trial of photoshop so if you want to try photoshop totally for free so you could follow along you could go ahead and do that you could also use another platform that is called canva and you should get similar results okay so i did my design now i'm just missing that graphic so where do i get that graphic well the same place that i got that photoshop template to make my thumbnail but they have a whole section under more categories called 3d and i just went to this page called all 3d and i do have an affiliate link below this video to envato elements so you could click that and you could sign up for this but this is not again just for 3d objects right again i got my graphic template for youtube thumbnail here but you could pretty much get whatever you want for your youtube channel here from stock videos to photos to presentations to graphics the previous graphic i showed you on that thumbnail was from here as well and sound effects and music and i've made ton of videos on this channel about some of these other things that i use but it's kind of an all-in-one bundle where you get whatever you want all for one monthly price then i came over here i'm gonna search for money right i had a money bag this is related to youtube monetization so i'm gonna look up money and look at all these cool 3d elements so i did browse through and this one's really interesting i'm going to click on this one because look what you could do here typically with a graphic you just get this right but if you render this in 360 you could actually grab this and rotate it any which way you want to make your thumbnail stand out and you could choose you know this version of it instead of whatever we started with and you could download as a png so the psd this will kind of give you that photoshop file but if you were not using photoshop you could just download spng i'm going to download this angle as a png i'm going to press download here and download it i already have an account and it downloaded to my computer so i'm going to jump back into photoshop here and i'm going to grab this from my downloads folder i'm going to drag it over to my photoshop document and there it is i'm going to bring it over here and i'm going to go ahead and stretch this out and put it somewhere over here and press the check mark i'll stretch out even more here and let's put it over here and press the check mark now i think this is a much more interesting version of a youtube thumbnail and you could still if you're using a platform like photoshop add things like a drop shadow so i'll put a drop shadow to it to make it really stand out you see now it has some shadows it looks really 3d in this image and right now i'm making a video about bitcoin so i'm gonna go ahead and search for bitcoin and check this out there's a bunch of different graphics just like that in 3d again you could render anything you see so you could change the angle of view here the rotation if you want to look something from the top from the bottom you have many many options here using 3d objects here inside of envato elements and i'll just browse through here because it's not just related to finance right you have different objects for just about any category you could make a video about so you could choose any one of them here render and then change the view if you just like it as is too you could just download it as is you don't always have to render in 3d to rotate you could just download the objects as is a lot of them have very realistic shadows and textures here that i think are gonna make your youtube thumbnails really stand out so again since i'm always in a search of making my youtube thumbnails unique because as you know there are millions and millions of videos uploaded to youtube every single month so to stand out with a youtube thumbnail it's getting harder and harder and this is one of the most unique things i've seen for making youtube thumbnails stand out so i hope you find this video useful thanks so much for watching make sure you subscribe for easy to follow social media and tech videos and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Howfinity: Try Envato Elements here: (affiliate link)
https://1.envato.market/NgYR2
  2. @PersonalBlob: Ayy

- The Science Behind YouTube Thumbnails: What Grabs Attention?: Kind: captions Language: en think about your YouTube Journey you scroll you browse you decide what makes you click the thumbnail it's the first impression the visual hook a good thumbnail doesn't just represent your video it sells it in a CA of content your thumbnail needs to scream watch me it's the difference between a viewer scrolling past and clicking play your video might be brilliant but with a weak thumbnail no one will ever know this isn't about trickery it's about grabbing attention in a crowded space it's about communicating your video's value at a glance so how do you create thumbnails that demand attention let's dive into the science behind the click color is powerful it evokes emotion influences decisions and yes it can make or break your thumbnail understanding basic color theory can significantly impact your click-through rate warm colors like red orange and yellow pop they convey excitement urgency and energy but use them strategically too much warmth can be overwhelming cool colors like blue green and purple are calming and trustworthy they work well for topics related to Nature technology or education consider contrast a bright color against a dark background or vice versa will make your thumbnail Stand Out think about the overall feel you want to create and choose your color palette wisely your thumbnail is competing for attention make it vibrant make it bold make it impossible to ignore composition is about arranging visual elements in a way that's pleasing to the eye it's about guiding The viewer's Gaze and creating a sense of balance and Harmony the rule of thirds is a classic composition technique imagine your thumbnail divided into a 3X3 grid Place key elements along these lines or at the intersection points to create visual interest leading lines like roads or paths can draw the viewer's eye towards your subject symmetry and patterns can create a sense of order and satisfaction don't be afraid to experiment with different compositions to see what works best for your content remember your thumbnail is a mini Masterpiece compose it with care section four see what works understanding human visual preferences we're hardwired to notice certain visual cues our brains are drawn to faces especially those expressing strong emotions we're naturally curious and drawn to the unknown use this to your advantage feature close-ups of faces particularly eyes to create a connection with the viewer incorporate elements of surprise or intrigued to Peak their interest movement and action also grab attention if it makes sense for your content use images that convey a sense of motion or energy understanding how people see is key to creating thumbnails that stop the scroll section five faces close-ups and emotions elements that attract let's talk faces we're programmed to connect with them a smiling face conveys happiness and approachability a surprised expression Sparks curiosity use close-ups to your advantage a zoomed in shot of a face a product or a key element creates intimacy and draws the viewer in it makes them feel like they're part of the action don't underestimate the power of emotion if your thumbnail evokes a feeling excitement curiosity Amusement it's more likely to be clicked remember your thumbnail is a window into your video's Soul make it expressive

- 2025 Guide to Making YouTube Thumbnails - 15 Top Questions Answered: Kind: captions Language: en I went back through every one of our live streams to find the most common thumbnail related questions and in this video we're going to answer them now Pro tip there are a lot of pro tips in this video so I'd recommend grabbing a notebook question number one what are the key features to making a successful thumbnail I.E what makes a thumbnail good now I've thought a lot about this so I decided to make a really really simple checklist to remember and if you don't check all the boxes then your thumbnail sucks I call these the three C's to get the click and click starts with a C too but that's just a coincidence okay so number one is catch the I and we'll go into a couple techniques on how to do that here in just a second number two is convey the idea of the video this can mean the difference between a viral video and a waste of time and number three is create curiosity which arguably is the most important thing that a thumbnail should do because without curiosity why why am I clicking right Pro tip a lot of things can catch your eye but I find the easiest way to figure out what catches eyes is to do something I call the feed test now the feed test is when you open up YouTube on your desktop and then take note of the very first thumbnail you see try to figure out why it caught your eye it could be bright colors it could be a recognizable face it could be big text that catches your attention it could even be the contrast to the feed itself like a bright green thumbnail in a sea of yellow and black thumbnails want you to take note of it that is one tactic you can use in your thumbnails there's also one other eye-catching tactic that really works on me but I have to save it for another question we'll get to it the most important Pro tip for question number one and it comes from this question do you think the first seconds of the video have to match the thumbnail yeah I do with the way that YouTube's designed today it's so easy for somebody to just hover over a video and realize that this thumbnail matches the video or this thumbnail doesn't match the video you set an expectation with the thumbnail and you might meet it somewhere in the video but if you don't meet it at the beginning why give it the benefit of the doubt when I have so many more to pick from that's that's YouTube and uh that reminds [Music] me question number two let's talk color what is the best color there's really no good answer to this but I'm going to give you an answer anyway at least for a starting point okay so here are the color combinations that I notice all right little underline there let's start with black white and yellow that one I use a lot black white green black white red black white red and green B red white and blue speaking of blue blue and green green grass blue sky and maybe an accent color it works for a lot of entertainment channels black white red R and yellow I see that a lot um I know black and orange was really popular for a while uh blue and yellow The Simpsons recently I saw green and purple when somebody asks what color is best is this the answer they're looking for cuz like this is only just a tiny little bit these are the color combinations that I noticed the most you don't have to write this list down all you got to do is just look on YouTube and and see what works just see what is working for others and then like there's your starting point for your colors okay but I didn't want to leave you without an answer so there you go oh oh wait uh there's a pro tip here if you're not sure what color to make your text I always fall back on white so you've got white text all right but what if you have a white background well uh you could do a drop shadow could also do a stroke or an outline so this little technique is what you'll see on like Netflix subtitles because Netflix doesn't know what its text is going to be in front of so to play it safe they just put a little bit of a drop shadow a little bit of an outline around it and um something called an outer glow which is sort of like uh a fuzzy drop shadow but all the way around so it's like a combination of the two but there is an easier way that works in every single case what if this was over a dark background it wouldn't stick out it would blend in you wouldn't be able to see the text but if you added a white box behind it it wouldn't matter matter so you've got white text with an outline or a drop shadow you could do black text with a white box behind it or you could do uh White text with a black box behind it or what really pops off lately that I've seen is a yellow box with black text I drew it backwards but you get the idea I wouldn't put this much effort into explaining because I know you already understand but I am thinking with my thumbnail brain right now I really think that this is probably going to be included in the thumbnail so I just want to make sure that people know that there's there's some effort that's gone onto this board there are plenty of other combinations you can use but if you're ever questioning it then there you go question number three is text good or bad for thumbnails text isn't good or bad it it just it's another tool to help you get the click Text can catch the eye uh if it's a word you recognize or if it's big if it's got a certain color um it can help convey the idea by adding more context it can even be the sole element that creates curiosity some niches do have more text than others like uh Let's Talk podcast for instance you've got um super important man over here saying something um it's a little more zoomed out typically and then you have the box like I talked about before with uh quote so like without text what would it be it just wouldn't make it just be a dude sitting there as long as your text has a purpose go nuts but not two nuts because question number four how many words should I put in my thumbnail one 2 3 5 six there's no right answer here but uh I do try to keep it as short as I can because somebody scrolling through YouTube they're only going to give your thumbnail like two seconds and then they're just going to move on so if you happen to write a paragraph they'll probably just ignore it but uh they might ignore your thumbnail anyway if your text isn't readable which brings us to question number five what is the best font to use any Sans sarap font usually works okay Sans is Latin for uh without or whatever now a serif is these little tail things you know on some on some fancy text like Times New Roman or whatever this is a serf now Sans is without Sam serif none of that crap so uh basically what you want is is any Sans Sarah font that you can make super bold cuz it's really really easy to read you don't always have to go bold but it does help sometimes another Pro tip is to go to fonts. goole.com and then scroll down and select Sans serif on the filter and then you'll just get a ton okay now I could be naming fonts all day but I will give you a few that are like good starter fonts the one that gets used a ton is Roto you can use helvetic Mont s e r r a t Poppins is okay Gotham L is pretty good Arial open SL Source Sands those are some good starter ones uh I got another Pro tip so when I'm trying to get a lot of text in such a small area these sometimes don't sometimes they can't fit the letters in right so I'll use something I call Squeezy fonts which uh the two fonts that I usually go to are an on that's squeezy font number one and then impact is another they're a little bit taller and they get a little more letters into uh your space so those I I'll use sometimes starter fonts yeah I think this is pretty good question number six what are the major elements that you use when designing thumbnails which ones do you use over and over okay so elements are points of focus in your thumbnails text is one Element like we just discussed people are another one objects are pretty popular backgrounds sometimes imagine a real estate thumbnail where it's uh the real estate agent standing on the left and then in the background there's a house that he's talking about that would be considered an the element just remember that if the background doesn't need Focus like if it's blurred out or something if it's just like one solid color then I wouldn't count that as an element text people objects backgrounds graphics for sure elements are points of focus in the thumbnail and these are probably the main five that I could really think of just a few examples here let's um let's do a let's play thumbnail where we've got crazy game explosions happening over here and then you've got the dude over here reacting to it who that would be one element one and then two elements here and then if you want you could write text on it if it was like really important if it was going to add to the thumbnail number three there and yeah let's do another example real quick so we've got one guy talking here and then we've got a graphic over here and then maybe the word before and then we've got one over here after and then a graphic under that okay so we've got text graphic are those two elements no because really the point of focus is just right here okay and then you've got a point of focus here and then you got a point of focus here so a cluster of elements can count as one element because it's one thing to focus on one two three points of focus and yeah that makes a good thumbnail so the pro tip here is keep your elements to three or under sometimes you can have four but it's a little bit risky any more than three elements might take more than two seconds to understand at which point viewers might just scroll right by okay now on the topic of elements I can't believe how many times this has been asked question number seven is it important to use the rule of thirds how do you use the rule of thirds what is the rule of thirds let me break it down for you you've got your thumbnail this is the rule of thirds you cut it into threes and then you cut it into threes horizontally and so the way that people use these in thumbnails is in the rule of thirds Let's uh let's use podcasting for instance on on the right third you've got Mr professional famous guy and he's saying something okay now the thing that he's saying is on the left third and then we've got text and uh continued text just on the left third you don't have to use the top or bottom thirds for text but that's how a lot of people separate the uh the elements in their thumbnails it gives order to the composition so it makes it less cluttered let's do another example here okay we're going to do um a half and half all right so let's let's say before this video you had zero views and then after 1,000 all right so on the right third you have these and on the left third you have these so you get the idea a lot of creators use the rule of thirds as just a starting point and uh if you scroll through YouTube You're Going to see a lot of thumbnails where elements are separated on the on the left and right using the rule of thirds question number eight should I be in my thumbnail it's a tough question it really is um I always kind of think about it like are you adding value to the image you kind of have to ask yourself who is the star who is the star of the show in this thumbnail is it you let's talk about let's play thumbnails for example um if you're in a let's play thumbnail who's the star of the show is it the game that you're playing or is it the person that you watch because of their reaction in their commentary so in Let's Plays you'll see a lot of people because they are the start of the show The Packaging of the game was full playthrough no commentary or whatever then obviously don't put yourself in the thumbnail all right what's the difference between um Marquez brownley and you if you both talk about cell phones well at the moment Marquez is an authority figure because uh he's widely recognizable whereas if you're a new YouTuber then maybe not so much so it would be more beneficial for you to focus on the product itself maybe a feature or something and that would give you the edge you are offering some value that he might not via the thumbnail and that that might give you a little boost and then eventually you do that so many times that at some point you start putting your face because people start recognizing you when I first started with vid IQ I wouldn't put my face in the thumbnails because I was a new guy people really hadn't connected that I was a part of the part of the crew and event ually um people started responding to the thumbnails with my faceing them better so that's that's just how it works that's that's how the uh the authority thing goes faceless channels why why would you put yourself in in the thumbnail if you're not in the video don't put yourself in the thumbnail easy uh if the video is a talking head video I I I'd recommend putting yourself in there like the pro tip I talked about originally you're immediately matching the expectations set by the thumbnail um but there are some channels where it's kind of in the middle if your video is about woodworking it can kind of go either way if your Channel's about gardening your thumbnail might be more powerful if you're showing some specific planting technique or your raised garden or or whatever at some point people want to start seeing you in the thumbnails because once they see your face they know to click it because they're it's it's called familiarity bias so um yeah this this question got away from me question number nine is branding important should I have my logo in my thumbnail there are correct ways to Brand on YouTube and there are very incorrect ways to Brand on YouTube and so you are a travel channel okay Lindsay's Travel Channel Lindsay's Travel Channel and then it's a big diamond right here there's my logo then we have Bali here in the background with nice beautiful waves and an ocean and a sunset or whatever there's Lindsay's Travel Channel and then here is another thumbnail with basically the exact same thing maybe a little bit of words down here like Bali which one am I clicking I'm not clicking Lindsay's Travel Channel because that is ridiculous why why does it why do people do this where did they get this idea maybe from advertising okay advertising it makes sense but for YouTube this stop it quit it you know what I'm breaking out the red marker no bad bad bad bad green marker green means good attention is too fleeting to take up space with something that nobody cares about but you so when it comes to branding I would say don't throw your logo in your thumbnail I don't know if I made that clear occasionally you will come across a channel that does a little bit of branding and I thought cordor crew always had their logo in their thumbnails but I was wrong I went and I looked at their Channel they do it on a couple but they brand in a different way and this is the correct way to brand at the top of their thumbnails you'll see some yellow text and it's like it's a very specific look that only they use really when you are scrolling through YouTube and you see that big yellow text at the top you kind of know that that's Corridor crew Dark Net diaries for instance that's a very specific look so here are correct ways to Brand on YouTube okay same font same colors whatever face when face when recognized face when you you've kind of built an authority there same composition so for instance in podcast you'll see the right third being the person and the the left third being the quote you'll see that for most podcasts honestly you'll you'll see it for Colin and Samir you'll see it for Diary of a CEO you'll see it for world class you'll see it for the Nathan Barry show but they all have their separate colors their separate fonts and they all have their separate branding they try not to throw a big ass logo in the way your logo is probably in your profile picture people will see it there you can even put it in the bottom right of your video you just you don't need to like force it everywhere because seriously people don't care all right now we're on to question 10 the one that has been asked the most and actually you know what right before we get to question 10 let me answer like five more questions just cuz uh how much time do I spend on thumbnails I've spent anywhere from 2 hours to um four or five days on a thumbnail before honestly there's there's no right amount of time to work on a thumbnail it's more important to focus on the idea and can I convey this idea well what is my favorite thumbnail this one is it okay to make simple thumbnails can I use solid colors as my background if I'm not very good at thumbnails can I still do everything that a thumbnail is supposed to do yeah yeah you can I had mentioned like right at the beginning of this video that there's one technique that always catches my eye when I do the feed test let me show you so you could have everything on the thirds and blah blah blah and people can clutter up their thumbnails a bit but if there's like One Singular element that I'm looking at um like a peanut apparently and then the rest of the feed has like super busy thumbnails guess which one's going to catch my eye it's the one with the most negative space and uh here are a few more examples another question should I go back and change my thumbnails is it necessary to change thumbnails that have bad clickthrough rates you can videos continue to get impressions no matter how old they are I mean they might get L impressions as they get older but they still get impressions so um if your video is not performing the way that you thought it should if it's not getting clicked it doesn't hurt to go and change the thumbnail for it um eventually it might get another impression and then somebody clicks it and then YouTube's like wait hold on somebody finally clicked that video I better show it to another person just in case and then it works like that so it's okay to go back and change them if you have time but I tell everybody this your time is better spent making another piece of content rather than focusing on Old pieces of content that that really aren't helping you question 14 now shorts thumbnails are they important I don't know really I mean they only show up on the homepage occasionally but that's only if they are massive shorts and um they show up on your actual page on the shorts shelf I don't know how many people are seeing the shorts thumbnails really if you're a small Channel and your shorts aren't doing like amazing millions of views I don't think they're very important that's all I'm saying all right now finally question 15 now what software is best for making thumbnails I'm going to give you my top three and they're all free okay so software number one we have canva canva is the most popular one it does have a paid tier that offers more AI type tools and stuff like that I made a tutorial on it um it it was pretty intuitive for a beginner and and that's that's cool and allll I personally use Photoshop by the way uh so that doesn't really I don't include that in the list and then is one that a lot of people love it is an open-source software it has a lot of advanced tools it's just got a really steep learning curve and if you learn then you should probably stick with I used to use it back in high school uh I know it's grown a lot since then and then um the last is photo which I used to call it photopia and then people started yelling at me in the live stream so thanks guys but it is basically Photoshop on the browser so you just go to photo.com I believe and uh it's like Photoshop the only downside is it's like it's a little bit less intuitive and there's ads on it which is kind of a pain but uh I'm pretty sure you can pay to remove them if I'm not mistaken uh all that said there is one software Affinity is a paid software that isn't subscription based right so you only pay the onetime fee and uh it is is also pretty Advanced there's a lot you can do with it so that one isn't free let's just break that up so yeah these are the options that I usually tell people when they they ask me about software in the live streams but there is another one coming up the ranks and it was developed by vid IQ so if you need an impressive quick thumbnail tailor made to your video specifically then check this video out check it out okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZainThumbnails [1 likes]: This tutorial explains it perfectly 👍
I’ve seen many creators improve their CTR just by fixing thumbnail readability and facial expressions.
  2. @Kingsobi-i8o [1 likes]: 7:40 Me personally i like comic sans and if its like a serious or horror video id pick Papyrus. (and yes i know about undertale but they´re genuinly good fonts)
  3. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is supeer
  4. @sportingarenatv7495: Thank for sharing.great content.
  5. @OakleyShumway: 9:35 Markiplier is a great example of this one.
  6. @MiracoMic: Thank you very much
  7. @alignmentofiam: This was very helpful!
  8. @starlight888-l1j: Thanks so much. This video was so helpful and entertaining. I have prior editing skills but am currently trash at making them. Super excited to practice after watching this. Conveying the idea was the one component I was completely missing previously, super important!
  9. @dannynagymusic: I have a podcast that starts with a short musical performance then a short about the person then hop into the episode. I take an element from the episode itself for the thumbnail and title. that isnt really matching with the very start of the video. Any suggestions?thanks
  10. @joseprendes3056: Excellent advice. Clear and exactly what I needed.
  11. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  12. @alexfoxleigh: Affinity is now free.
  13. @Rad.Recordings: Great video! 🎉
  14. @thepsychechannel101: I see..thanks
  15. @sidhu_____03-j5m: what about the size
  16. @noallianceb: I bet thumbnail isn't the case, ask Cristiano make a video with a blank thumbnail, he's still getting a lot of views.
  17. @PencilPaper24hrs: My thumnails for long videos are not showing to other' s youtube browse feature. What should I do?
  18. @FourMinuteFamilyHistory4MFH: This was a great video. Loved the fact it was just a walk-through with not a load of add-on effects in the video to jazz it up. Watched right to the end. My thumbnails are awful, so going to work on them now. Thank you!
  19. @FSDD88: English minor here, Serif means feet, Sans Serif means without feet
  20. @Ghazoo99: This Guy is So Informative

- These Colors Are Proven to Get You More Views on YouTube!: Kind: captions Language: en - What are good colors for eye-catching thumbnails? - We did some data analysis on this quite a while ago, actually. I remember we were doing some talks based on what the most popular colors, and surprisingly, it was whites, blacks, and grays that tended to be the most striking for viewers. I don't know if that's because it contrasted really well with light and dark mode on YouTube and how accurate that is in 2022, again, is debatable. I think what I would stress is whatever color scheme you decide to adopt, make sure that there's one or two striking colors that contrast well. I think there's a tool called the Adobe Color Wheel, where you can actually set a color and it will tell you what colors contrast really well with it. And I always advise no more than three dominant colors in your thumbnails because the more colors there are, the more muddy the thumbnail gets when it's shrunken down to the postage stamp size that most viewers see it at. Remember, you will design your thumbnail on a 34 inch wide screen monitor, and everybody will see it, you know, one inch by one inch on a mobile phone, so really do consider that. And it really does depend, another thing to consider is your topic. Gaming channels, you're probably thinking about really bright fluorescent greens and blues and whatnot. But on the other hand, you may wanna consider colors that contrast completely with other channels in your niche. For example, Brian G. Johnson, who's in our YouTube niche. He used to use like vomit green colors because they really stood out when people were searching for how to get more subscribers and more views. And so something that contrasts completely with other channels can really be beneficial as well.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [5 likes]: Question of the day 💡 What colors work best for your videos? Let us know!
FREE ON-DEMAND CLASS 🎯 Learn 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2022 👉 http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @thebehaviouristguy [5 likes]: This is good information, thanks for sharing with the community.  "Colours that contrast with other channels in your niche..." this is also interesting.  Great information here.  I took note.
  3. @vidIQ [5 likes]: Do I get a cut of the ad-revenue? ;)
  4. @usalinksystem5312 [2 likes]: Color perception psychology is always a hot topic! Certainly, by using the proper color combination in your profile branding, you may carefully guide your viewers to take a specific action on your channel. :yt:
  5. @TheGatlinburgHussey [2 likes]: I'm in Gatlinburg Tennessee Great Smoky mountains national park...I can't make thumbnails yet BUT I usually have the mountains in the background on my YouTube channel The Gatlinburg Hussey..lol
  6. @olliviamarco [1 likes]: 0:15 and that's my vibe😎
  7. @MarcoDewes [1 likes]: I've been using Creative Cloud for 2 years and did not know about the color wheel.
Little gold nugget of info right there! :D Thanks
  8. @realjackeal [1 likes]: Very useful tips. Thank you!
  9. @BillJenningsUnfiltered [1 likes]: Great information. Canva a has a really easy to use color wheel for finding contrasting and complimentary colors. Thanks Heather for the tips
  10. @VeraPin88 [1 likes]: I have always wonder what colors work best for my video thumbnails.
  11. @AngieHart67 [1 likes]: I’m colourful always..🌺🌸
  12. @LearningandTechnology [1 likes]: Thumbnails are still a challenge for me. However, my strategy as a tech/Ed channel is to match the backgrounds to the colour of the logo of the software I’m demonstrating.
I also bought a Pantone colour book that has guides to moods of colour sets.
Not that it’s “working” - but it’s a work-in-progress
  13. @DaRealGoldox: short and simple, thank you
  14. @comedypain1: Going to rember this info
  15. @piusgyagenda: Great video 🎥🎥🎥 should put out these colors in my thumbnail
  16. @tabuena.fineart: This is pushing it too far...L🙌L
  17. @PhyBox: If you are reading this, let's bond, keep doing and you will grow faster.
  18. @MulehornGaming: This is good info.
  19. @choppergirl: Youtube viewers are absolute 1D10T5.
  20. @TFSO: what about black and white?

- Your channel doesn't grow if you use A/B testing. Here's proof.: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone says AB testing your thumbnail and titles is the smartest thing you can do for your YouTube growth. YouTube literally built the feature for you, so of course you should use it, right? Wrong. Because if AB testing is supposed to help your video perform better, then why did six out of seven of my videos completely tank the moment I turned it on? I was just like you. I saw the big creators raving about it. Mr. Beast uses it. So, I thought, "Okay, let's me go all in." I ran AB testing on seven brand new videos back-to-back. I trusted the tool and one by one I watched those videos die. But, what if AB testing itself isn't broken? What if YouTube is quietly punishing you every single day the test is still running and you don't even know about it? Here's what I found. When YouTube runs your test, it splits your traffic equally between all your variations. So, if you're testing three titles, 66% of your audience is seeing an experimental title that might be terrible. And YouTube is judging your video the entire time this is happening. So, in this video I'm going to show you the actual math behind why this tool can destroy your video's momentum and who should and honestly should not be using it. But first, let's me quickly break down how AB testing actually works in 2026 because YouTube just made some big changes to it. As of 2026, YouTube is no longer just AB testing thumbnails. You can now test both titles and thumbnails. You can test up to three different titles, three different thumbnails, or three combinations of titles and thumbnails. How cool is that? One thing most people don't understand is YouTube doesn't pick the winner based on the click-through rate or CTR. Instead, YouTube picks based on watch time and average view duration. That's quite interesting, isn't it? I mean, it is called AB testing, so wouldn't they want to track clicks instead? The truth is YouTube is doing this because YouTube doesn't want clickbait. For example, take a look at these three thumbnails. If version A gets 10% clicks, but everyone leaves in 5 seconds because it is clearly clickbait, and version B gets 2% clicks, but they watch for 50% of the video, then version B wins even though the CTR is significantly lower. And here's what I discovered when running AB testing on seven newly launched videos. Based on my tests, all six out of my seven videos of mine underperformed, failing to gain 1,000 views. You see, the biggest issue with YouTube AB testing is if it can't find a clear winner, it drags the test up to a maximum of 14 days. That's actually a trap because it damages your channel each day it drags. Let me explain to you why. Check out this test I did for one of my videos. Nothing fancy, just a title test. Based on the final result, it is clear my top title is the winner with over 46% watch time share. But you see, if you squeeze your eyes real good, you'll notice that this test took over 11 days to conclude. So, just by thinking of this logically, the math doesn't add up. You see, in order to conclude which title is the best, YouTube needs to test all three of them, meaning my traffic is split 33 33 33. If I have one clear winner, then that makes the other two experimental titles. And those two experimental titles are shown to 66% of my audience. So, let's do a simple logical walk-through here. YouTube starts with the top one, found that it works, has over 40% watch time. But, YouTube doesn't know if this is the best yet, so it pauses the top one, then tests the second title. Oh, no, the second one did not perform well after 3 days. So, let's move to the third one. Again, oh, no, the third one failed, too. So, that makes the first one the clear winner. And the entire test took 11 days. So, tell me, if you knew the first one is the winner, then you would stop the test and just use the first title, right? But, you can't do that if you are AB testing and I think that's a massive flaw in this feature. Moreover, I have a very bad feeling that when YouTube is testing my experimental titles and both underperformed, YouTube might have received the signal that the video is not a good one. Therefore, when it decides that the first one is the winner, the damage has already been done. It is already too late. YouTube thinks this video is bad because of your experimental titles. The video has already lost its initial first 48 hours boost, so YouTube decides to not give any more impressions to it and the video fades away. I definitely do not have concrete proof of that, but that's what I saw in my AB testing and I hope that isn't true. That's not to say this is entirely YouTube's fault. There's certainly an angle where it doesn't make sense to use AB testing, especially for small YouTube channels. And when I say small YouTube channels, I don't mean by subscriber count. I mean by view count. You have probably heard that AB testing has been a game-changer, that it helped many videos boost their CTR and subsequently more views. What you might be aware of as well is that those sayings often come from big channels. So, what this means is that you need a big amount of views in order to conclude your AB testing effectively because if you don't have sufficient views, then your test will not only drag on, but it will also fail to come to an accurate conclusion. From my own experience and testing, I highly suggest using AB testing only if you can average 1,000 views per newly launched video, preferably about 1,000 views in the first hour. The more, the merrier, of course. The reason is because you want to have enough views to really run the AB test to the fullest and also to have AB testing conclude as soon as possible, preferably within the first day. Heck, even 1,000 views is me being optimistic. I'm actually thinking about 10,000 views average. So, if you're getting less than 1,000 views per video, I suggest you stop using AB testing and instead use this strategy pivot. My first strategy is if I choose to use AB testing, I will let it run for the first 24 hours only. Then, I will evaluate the test so far and manually select the one that is the clear winner. I will not let it drag on for more days. My other strategy is to avoid AB testing altogether and do manual swaps. So, if I am testing the first title at launch, I will check it again after 24 hours. If it fails, I will manually swap to the second title and test it. After that, I will pick and go with my gut feelings based on which gets more views. The new video boost usually lasts for the first 48 hours or so, so this to me is quite a good test provided you are disciplined enough to do it manually. And also, if you don't have the traffic to support your tests, then avoid testing on brand new videos. You have already put in a lot of effort and time into it, so don't let the video underperform because of YouTube's tool. Another strategy I tried is to look out for underdogs in your channel, such as videos with high impressions, but low CTR. Videos like this actually signal that YouTube sees a market in it, but no one is clicking because of a bad thumbnail or title. And I think AB testing does help when it comes to this. In fact, I actually tested this on one of my videos. It is rather old, a few years old, so I just did some tests on it just to see what happens. But so far, it doesn't look like I managed to revive it, although I haven't left it long enough yet, so maybe YouTube still needs time to follow this one up, so we'll see. So, yes, I am very disappointed with YouTube's AB testing. I really wish it worked for everyone, big or small channels, but it is very clear to me that I should stop doing any more AB testing for now and instead rely on my instinct. Seven videos used to test AB testing is a lot of videos, but hey, I think I gained quite a lot from it and I hope you do, too. Also, I run YouTube channel audits as well for my viewers, where I will audit and give my most honest feedback to growing YouTube channels, help give them a direction, and help them grow their channel. If you're interested, check out the link in the description. So, this concludes my AB test. The next test I will do is going to be what happens if I were to upload seven videos without AB testing. Is my gut feeling more accurate than some YouTube tool? That's what I'm going to test next, so when the video is ready, it will appear somewhere over here. So, be sure to check it out. All right, thanks for watching and I'll catch you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MakeItPritty [5 likes]: At this point YT just sets you up to fail. Sheesh 😂
  2. @TechieSewing [1 likes]: No A/B test ever finished for me, so yeah, true about small channels :)
But you seem to presume that A/B testing runs consequently: 2 days for title 1, 2 days for title 2. Do you have any reference to confirm it? Because you can see a number of thumbnails and titles of the same video of the same channel within hours, for example, with CNC Kitchen. He had pre-release access to the tool, so his audience would see rapid-fire thumbnail swapping often enough and for years now.
  3. @VRDaD [1 likes]: Thanks for confirming this. I had that impression but I wasn’t really sure until a friend shared your video with me. Cheers and keep up with the good work.
  4. @thehandsomelion [1 likes]: I don't think they judge the results based only on AVD while disregarding CTR.  It's not that option with the highest AVD that wins.  It's supposed to be the option that resulted in the highest watch time overall.  Meaning that the CTR is a determining factor also.   
I just wish they would still disclose to you the metrics for AVD and CTR for all 3 options to you.
  5. @TomScryleus [1 likes]: actually, when I do A/B testing, I get the result within an hour.(sometimes 2 hours) I think it really depends on how big your audience is.
  6. @TwoHandleTennis [1 likes]: Really like your content!! I have been noticing the same thing.... A/B testing 👎🏼 for my small channel. Real interesting video topic you covered, thanks!!
  7. @brahmchariGyan0.2 [1 likes]: Hello Sir, I am a scriptwriter. Is there any way I can assist you in crafting a script that helps maximize views on your videos and encourages viewers to watch the entire content—thereby ensuring that as many people as possible stay engaged? Would you be interested?
  8. @SpeedWaves1 [1 likes]: Hi Kevin, nice video (again)! 😎100% agree that small YT channel should not use A/B testing… horrible results because you loose many clicks and YT algo hate that.
  9. @drewpiq [1 likes]: Thanks!
  10. @GamingMyWholeLife [1 likes]: I used it a couple times. Views sunk every time. Also, I don't care about what time and expectations, lol. Tell me what thumbnail works better
  11. @mypioneeringlife [1 likes]: I've suspected this was a problem.
  12. @WALKING_IN_LA [1 likes]: I try it after the video has set for a few days
  13. @GamerKittyEuphoric [1 likes]: I noticed this too
  14. @OnsenWithHansen [1 likes]: Very helpful, I should definitely reconsider my A/B testing strategy based on your insight. Thank you for sharing! :D
  15. @Masterofcreations [1 likes]: I commend you for doing your own thing. May not be the most popular but at least it's not clickbaity furu stuff that seems to be plaguing this niche.
  16. @wmpx34: It's annoying enough to come up with one title and thumbnail lol, I never felt the urge to come up with additional ones for a single video. Guess my laziness paid off.
  17. @AbhishekTirkey-x8y: nah it does not work
  18. @Salim_Malibari: If you want fair test do 3 different thumbnails ... because what you are saying isnt correct. Maybe most of 2nd and 3rd traffic to your thumbnail skipped because its same thumbnail
  19. @CoolWatchesOnly: I just have a guess, as I'm not a growing channel or anything like that. I think most people are misjudging this tool. If you have a known, working title hook idea, etc., and you split it with two others just to try, of course, the chances are it will perform worse. When we hit publish, YouTube treats whatever you are showing as serious stuff. If you get thousands on AdSense or affiliates or whatever on one of these two extra slots, would you give it back to YouTube as it was just a test? No, right? same way youtybe won't say oh look everyone runs away from this thumbnail, but it is ok, people keep leaving the platform, but... it's just a test 😇... Forget about how the terms get advertised. Whatever you give YouTube for it to serve to the people should be your absolute best or maximum. See it like a boxing match or any fighting sport; the number one rule is to defend yourself at all costs. You shouldn't upload duplicated thumbnails or low-quality thumbnails or whatever. The tool is great if used well. Every single impression counts; no matter what, if YouTube already showed it, it counts. It's then up to your title and thumbnail to convert it into a view, and then it's up to your video quality to keep people from going away. Not much else to it
Good luck to everyone!
  20. @elizakimori8720: Tests run simultaneously though, check on a couple of accounts, you'll see your thumbnails all running in the first week

- How To Make a Thumbnail 'POP'? - Color Theory In Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en can you make it pop what does this even mean well pop essentially just means contrast but not this contrast contrast or juxtaposition are umbrella terms in design which encompass everything not just color colors have free values hue saturation and lightness which means there's three ways to create contrast using these not like this example which is only focusing on luminosity here's an example of a great thumbnail with a great luminosity contrast you can see the main area of interest here is the complete opposite luminosity to everything surrounding and he could have made the hoodie bright red of course but i assume he wanted to save some saturation for the pen too so is it possible to make a dark thumbnail pop well kind of if you keep every other fundamental in mind you can create areas of interest just through lights and darks but it's a safer bet to mix this with other values which come later on for the second value saturation this is where i see the most mistakes in beginner thumbnail designers so you're saying my thumbnail shouldn't have vivid colors no not at all the point is to create contrast of it not just mindlessly dump saturation everywhere zhc's iconic brush stroke is the prime example of this the entire thumbnail is super low saturation with ultra high saturation here where the main focus is for instance this example here he could have made the wall bright blue but then does the main focus stand out as much anymore we'll take this example from airac the concept of this video is 100 dates in 24 hours so you want to make it clear with the amount of people the quantity but you also want the woman to stick out the most so to do this he uses saturation contrast and even though the majority of the thumbnail is these guys here your eye is still drawn here because of the saturation you can also just use saturation to separate foreground or background elements like this example from mic shake again the last color value hue is where it gets fun you can still have maximum lightness and saturation and still create contrast with just the hues you choose to use in a general sense warm colors contrast with cool colors in a more technical sense complementary colors contrast the most but you don't always want to be limited to two colors right no problem here's other types of color schemes you can use here's an example from mr beast so you want the crowd to stand out enough from the field but you mainly want the dodgeballs to stand out from both of these so what you can do is use a split complementary colour scheme to have primary and secondary subjects here's one i've done for unspeakable which uses a triad colour scheme so the green is the majority colour and the elements in front are the other two colors in the triad and here's a really nice example of a tetradic which uses two sets of complementary colors which separates the foreground of background elements really nicely done you can see you have a lot of freedom still with just the hue but it's when you combine all three of these values to create contrast is when you hold the power to make your thumbnails really pop

  Top Comments:
  1. @PlayOfLifeOfficial [11 likes]: 10/10, make tutorials on how, underrated channel
  2. @mundocurioso7468: My friend, can you add an audio track in Brazilian Portuguese?
  3. @Jamigam: so if i Understand correct u dont have to use complimentary colour to make a good thumbnail and it can still work like 2:07
  4. @yourpaljoni: unbelievable amount for value for such a short video. great stuff!
  5. @sroolsking: one of the best tutorial ive watch.
  6. @pleasemoredrama: How to use chatgpt to ask to use that POP technique for thumbnails?
  7. @UCantNinjaMe: This video is really good 
Thank you
  8. @hb-kc1mt: Subscribed! ❤️ Great and informative video. Please upload more such video and tutorials on mrbeast thumbnail.
  9. @WaterBottle-4c09: thanks!
  10. @CreativeThinking52: Very helpful video. Thanks for sharing.👍
  11. @Venomulta: Great work! I learned so much from your video!!
  12. @lazimsher: Great tutorial💯
  13. @victoriheanacho3132: Awesome video bro, just checking on you to know if you're still alive 😂
  14. @MateNight: duuuuuuude this is amazing!!!! thanks for not hanging about and just getting on with it. can rewatch as many times as needed. legend
  15. @victor6010: cool stuff... although I hate so much these type of mrbeast thumbnails
  16. @Z0IP: this video is actually amazing. This is a secret gem right here
  17. @jouckygg: Please make a full tutorial
  18. @Mariolio7: Good video!
  19. @kyceessadki2501: issue with these thumbnails is they look cringey, I think there needs to be a balance between "standing out" and trying to give someone a seizure. they are too saturated, they look photoshopped, the colour schemes are good, but they may (and when I say may, I mean will because they do to me) draw some viewers away because they look like clickbait, they look formulaic, they look mr beastified, which may attract children, but if that's not your primary audience, and your audience may have a large amount of people who get turned away by these super bright fake colours, then these don't work. it's better to go for a slightly less professional, sure use these to make colours pop, but not so much contrast that it looks like you're trying too hard, make it look like you didn't put too much thought into the thumbnail and that it's natural (technically I'm making it unnatural by suggesting this and knowingly doing it, but the point still stands)

people want to watch a person, not a money grabbing corporation
  20. @AaronBong2: I'm blown away by how you managed to take a hard topic and just explained it in a way where a 12 year old would understand, Amazing.

- Color Thumbnails: How to Pick Better Colors (Fast!): Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone in this video you will learn the most efficient way to create colorful thumbnail for your digital paintings this is the technique i've been using from my own painting and it made me save a lot of time I'll be showing you this in Photoshop but rest assure you'll be able to find something similar in any other software you are using let's get started hi everyone and welcome to this pane of all quick tip if you are anything like me when you start a painting you get really excited and you want to start right away but a good practice is to first make a few color thumbnails to know the general color direction of your installation but here's the problem it can take some times before you decide which color to choose and I want to start my painting as soon as possible here's what I use to always do I used to paint my thumbnail by hand and it used to be very long sometimes as I was changing my mind a bunch of times but now that I'm using what I'm about to show you I save time and I have more control over my colors here's what I do step one you want to first start with one part of illustration in this case I'm going to start with the t-shirt so you want to take a new layer and a hard edge brush and you want to basically paint inside the lines making sure that you really precise what I want to do is isolate the t-shirt for now and I'm going to do the same thing for the skin and the hair but like right now I'm just starting with the t-shirt once it's done you want to go over your layer and you want to hold command and click on the thumbnail of the layer this is gonna make appear the selection of the actual layer once you see the selection you can get rid of the layer the only thing that you want for now is the selection step two with the selection active you want to click on the adjustment layer at the bottom of your layer panel and you want to choose the one that's called solid color once you click on it it's gonna open this little panel where you'll be able to choose the color that you want now the only thing that you need to do is to repeat this step for every different parts of your thumbnail that you want a different color for step three you simply have to select all the layers once you decided of all the colors that you wanted do command J then do command E this is gonna make a copy off the colors that you choose then you can put them aside and then you can go back original layers decide new colors repeat this step as much as you want and that's it and that's it for this video guys I hope that was useful please let me know in the comment below this video if you find it useful and what is your best technique to actually color thumbnail and if you want to stay informed with the new material that's gonna come in the weeks to come I'll be make sure to make one video like this every week plus all the other free tutorials so go ahead and click on the subscribe button right there and I'll make sure that you stay informed otherwise I'll see you in the next video have a good day and happy painting

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pellbort [7 likes]: Who was the one mug who left a dislike? I NEED TO KNOW.
  2. @zens9669 [4 likes]: GODLY technique, especially because it's one that is multifaceted and you would be able to use it for other aspects, rather than just choosing colors. This channel is golden !
  3. @ChibiCon [2 likes]: This is so useful! Thank you so much! :)
  4. @UrraSergio [1 likes]: Ok, this one was good. I admit it. lol

Thanks!
;)
.
  5. @DayoOgunde [1 likes]: but how do you pick colours that will work well together? :(
  6. @Yoymiwacom [1 likes]: Super useful
  7. @CreativeThinking52: Very informative video. Thanks for sharing.👍
  8. @pripritzy: Mind-blowing
  9. @ThumbnailHacks: Great instructional video.  Nice shortcuts and ways to do all of this.  Very interesting.  Cool ideas.
  10. @pillxws5900: This wasn’t for painting but for my thumbnail. If you’re reading this, I hope you become a successful youtuber one day!
  11. @BIOPOSITIVA: Wondeerful tutorial ! 😍
  12. @UrraSergio: Replace Color
  13. @ariunaaari9096: thank you :)
  14. @YashuCosGaming: your all tutorials are so informative, truly helping, thanks
  15. @dexterbacchus4449: Super Awesome and SUPER Helpful
  16. @veronicalott3209: This is very nice and useful, thank you so much!
  17. @ricardo_dizon: Thanks for this another tip. 

I always use lock pixel and fill the color that i want. Ctrl+delete/alt+delete
  18. @madmoon9946: Clear and quick, thanks!

- How to Create Glow Effect for Thumbnails | Easiest Way in Photoshop: Kind: captions Language: en to create this kind of highlights using only Mouse every other video on YouTube including mine showed a method that uses smudge tool which is very timec consuming and difficult but in this video I have a trick to create these glows without using smudge tool so let's get started I have the subject layer in place and a black solid color is background first we have to set up layers for painting that glow click on this button to create a new layer make sure foreground color is set to Black then with our new layer selected press alt backspace to fill that black color in this layer then change its blending mode to screen then click on the button and create a new gradient map layer create a clipping mask by clicking on this button then click here to choose colors I have these pre-made gradients to save time you can get these for free in description I'll choose this sky blue gradient and now we can select this black layer and paint with white color for our glow and to erase any part paint with black color I'll just undo it now with brush I will set the flow to around 60% hardness to zero and size very small then simply start drawing these lines no need to worry about the smoothness just roughly create these lines on the edges you can also make the size of the brush smaller for some of the areas like this for the hair I used a smaller brush to create these main lines first and then used an even smaller size for a little more detail looks awful I know but here's the magic part right click and convert this black paint layer to Smart object now go to filter stylize and then oil paint drag all the sliders to right and then hit okay and that's it we got perfectly smooth lines with faded edges without using smudge tool this is before and this is the after you can right click on the layer and rasterize and then easily make some manual adjustments now we can use same layers for the background glow as well we'll clean up this layer by filling it with black color again then with a big soft round brush paint like this in the center lastly create a new solid color with blend mode set to linear Dodge and then we can paint these subtle lighting around these areas with brush for just a little more detail also add some light on these areas for a kind of Bloom effect and that's how you can create this Cool Glow effect for your thumbnails easily don't forget to get the free gradient file in the description [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pixolid [228 likes]: Do you guys like this kind of short and quick tutorials?
  2. @DravixMedia [6 likes]: dude you literally move to fast for us that just started.. geezus
  3. @Frost._.amv. [4 likes]: Everything is fine! Until the blend mode is set to linear dodge! After that how did you paint
  4. @shuyebahmed191 [1 likes]: You missed a step, so it didn't work. Then i changed the Gradient Map layer's blending mood into - Overlay, now it's working perfectly.
  5. @SajibKhan-sm8ng: Boss...it's fire 🔥 
Thanks for this amazing tutorial...
  6. @Ununumbium: AMAZING TUTORIAL 😍😍
  7. @mcred1094: @1:44 after setting the blending mode to linear dodge what did you do to get the image back to normal so you can paint with subtle lighting as you said in the video? I'm lost after that point
  8. @SalmanMulyadi-r5f: Pro tip: Blockify blocks those 'passive income secrets' ads so you can actually finish a video uninterrupted.
  9. @Sol_graphics: Pls send psd bro 
@daves_sol
  10. @HumorPulse-t8x: oil paint option is hidden. why?? please help!!
  11. @kamaalahmedsiddiqui4708: Gradient file not working  after import the file folder  blank nothing inside
  12. @TheNewKombatMaster: Can you do the same thing in Krita?
  13. @Sultan43210: i dont have oilpaint option cus aint got no gpu
  14. @johnsonjoshua2006: Awesome👏
  15. @iamtompté: Mine is automatically creating gradient fill
  16. @Cobeatz_26: Quick, Short, Straight to the point
Greate tuts budy
  17. @t1taniumx: Thank you very much!
  18. @TheMDXtremeReal: Can anyone just tell me that what to do after setting the last color fill to linear dodge? he just skipped it a bit in the end
  19. @FervorGaming: 01:39 – You say to paint with a big round brush here, so are we supposed to go to the Brush Tool, change it to the color we want, and then paint on the copied layer that we just put behind the image? This isn’t very well explained. After about the 01:30 mark, you really start skipping a lot of steps and explanations. I would have really appreciated it if you had taken your time here and explained it in more detail. Many of us don’t have prior knowledge of how to do this stuff, so when steps are skipped, it’s really confusing. We’re left with an image we can’t really work with because we’re stuck. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but a lot of your comments start asking questions after that point.
  20. @WavezPR: this tutorial is terrible because you start doing things and dont show what you are doing step by step

- Thumbnail Mastery: Boost Your Clicks!: Kind: captions Language: en do you want to get more views with your next video uploads please do watch this video because I'm going to give you four tips to make it happen hey guys this is Janice B and welcome to my channel if you're new to my channel if you haven't done already please consider to subscribe and press the notification Bell so you'll be updated with my next video thumbnail is very important in every video uploads because this will encourage your viewers to play your videos so before uploading your next video please do consider these four tips that I'm going to give you number one it needs to represent the entire video so you have to make sure that you will remember this saying don't judge the book by C because it's very important that your thumbnail will represent the shortest version of your videoos number two it needs to be very appealing to your audience so you have to make sure that you have selected the correct image the correct font the correct colors in order for your thumbnail to be very appealing to to the audience number three please to consider to put a human face in your thumbnail in order for you to build a connection so the correct image is very important in your thumbnail number four please to consider to Brand your thumbnail in order for your viewers to can easily identify that this thumbnail belongs to you just a little B of identity or familiarity with your audience and it is very important that you will consider to make a thumbnail a uniform thumbnail in all your uploads so there you go guys just four tips to make an effective thumbnail so if you want me to do more of YouTube tips and tutorials please do comment down below and I'll try my best to do it in my next one this is CH me and I'll see you in my next video

- How to Get Infinite Clients as a Thumbnail Designer: Kind: captions Language: en I receed hundreds of messages from thumbnail designers every single day and yet as a YouTuber managing multiple teams generating me over $15,000 a month only a few catch my attention so if you're a thumbnail designer I'm going to show you exactly how to charge the highest price possible for your work fill up your DMs with interested clients and even have big YouTubers chase you instead of you chasing them and for those of you that stick around until the end I'll also be giving away a free uncut tutorial by one of my thumbnail design ERS teaching you how to design thumbnails like mine that get hundreds of thousands of views from scratch but before that you need to understand why a YouTuber would even hire you in the first place for my experience there are six characteristics that make the perfect thumbnail designers first you have cost highly skilled designers can obviously charge more and bigger channels are willing to spend a lot more money on thumbnails than smaller Channels with obviously smaller budgets so whether or not your rates are going to be a deal breaker is really just going to be dependent on the the client second is ideation and for me personally this is a game-changing skill a thumbnail designer can bring to the table there are a ton of people who can create a thumbnail based on instructions but there are very few who can help a YouTuber such as myself build out and improve on the concept and idea to become a thumbnail ideation expert you'll want to create your own channel probably study thumbnail psychology across YouTube and learn General design and color theory but a word of warning never claim that you can guarantee a specific CT are for a clients because there are just too many factors that go into this that make it impossible for you to guarantee anything naturally as a video gets more views and Impressions CTR will dip down which makes it a bad measure for the success of your work instead Market yourself as a thumbnail designer and a YouTube expert that helps with ideation third is flexibility and revisions as a YouTuber I'm constantly changing and tweaking my thumbnails to get the best possible performance out of them and most other creators I know do the same so to to increase your higher ability include a system for fast-paced revisions if they want a few simple revisions don't charge them full price for a second one charge them half or 30% or so to make things easy trust me being easy to work with goes a long way fourth is Speed Most YouTubers expect less than a 24-hour turnaround time so anything outside of that immediately becomes less desirable make sure that you meet this standard and if possible try to do it even faster if you can the fifth is communication because I can't tell you how many times a designer has delivered late without telling me which is really infuriating when I have strict deadlines to meet at the end of the day creators are human and understand that life gets in the way sometimes but you won't be surprised how many designers won't communicate when something goes wrong so if something happens respond quickly and keep a client updated when things are both going good and especially when things are going bad and please don't make up excuses saying your grandma's in the hospital or your computer exploded I've seen that so many times and finally in sixth place we have Talent which Yes means it's not as important as you might think but also doesn't mean it should be skipped so continue working on your craft study other creators and take courses on how to improve for example when I wanted to start learning more about YouTube I took courses on skillshare from creators like Ali abdall and Marcus brownley and after a quick search I was able to find a ton of courses on thumbnail design as well and for those of you who are unaware skillshare is an online learning community that allows creators like the ones I just mentioned to sell courses that cover the information tricks and hacks they have learned from making hundreds of videos and building successful channels which means that you can learn what other creators have learned in years and thousands of uploads all within as little as a few hours and by doing that you'll be able to learn secret techniques for improving your quality but also your speed which will help with being more reliable and your flexibility down the road so to improve all six characteristics at once you'll want to start by studying courses from reputable creators that way you'll also be capitalizing on the economic principle of scar it which simply means that the rarer you are the more in demand you'll be and the more you can charge and the good news is that I've partnered with skillshare to give 500 people 30 days for free and 40% off their first year of membership so click the link in my description below and start improving and once you're done with that you're going to want to start working with YouTubers through inbound and outbound leads first we have outbound which just means you reach out to a Creator via email or by social media like Twitter most designers use the spray and pre method which involves sending out a ton of copy pasted emails or messages hoping to get a few responses their messages usually look something like this hey bro I'm graphic designer of 7 years and I noticed your thumbnails could be improved yep yep yep yep yep yep yep and I can design High CTR thumbnails for your channel check out my portfolio and I promise you that the average designer success rate with this strategy is incredibly low as most YouTubers simply aren't responding to this successful YouTubers get this exact type of mess message a thousand times a day and also don't really have time to read through your entire email check your portfolio find thumbnails you've made in the style they want respond your email put you through a trial wait for the trial review the trial and finally decide if they want to hire you or not and if you think that's bad multiply that by a th000 because the 1,000 other designers in their DMS are expecting the Creator to do the exact same thing with their message so don't do this instead here's what you should do first don't insult them by saying that their thumbnails could be improved next C out the backstory in yapping start with two to three sentences that demonstrate your value in a quantifiable way which might include referen in clients you have worked with or high performing videos that you've worked on and then offer to make them a thumbnail for free but wait I know my worth I don't want to make a free thumbnail get out of this mindset yes you'll lose a few hours of time that you won't get paid for but it'll eventually pay itself off and more in the long run because if you're able to offer them a thumbnail that's better than what they currently have at a rate that they don't mind then they have have literally zero reason to tell you no you'll lock them in long term and not only get paid by them long term but also pick up on their connections knowledge and everything else they have to offer you so in the grand scheme of things it's 100% worth it going back to the email or DM you're writing keep it short and sweet and literally just say hey I'm X I'm a thumbnail designer of seven years and I redesigned the thumbnail for your x video if you like it reply to this email and we'll talk about working together long term feel free to use the thumbnail regardless your name now if if they don't respond to you don't assume they aren't interested according to data 80% of client conversions need around five follow-ups but for YouTubers I would stick to following up around 3 days after your first message then if they don't respond follow up after a week but if they still don't respond then just drop it and move on eventually though you'll start to get some clients and if you're providing a great service you'll start to receive inbound messages which just means YouTubers are reaching out to you instead of the other way around how referrals YouTubers interact with one another and recommend Freelancers to each other all the time and in fact I'd say about 60% of the thumbnail designers I've personally worked with have come from YouTuber friends who refer them to me so focus on building highquality relationships with clients and then ask them to recommend you to other clients it's a small ask and nine times out of 10 the client will be more than happy to help you if you've worked together for a while you can also use the website YouTube jobs where Freelancers upload videos they've worked on and receive verification through reviews and vouches when working with a client offer a discount in exchange for verifying the work and providing a review this serves as social proof of your quality as 90% of people Trust reviews when buying a product or service and once you do that start posting your results on Twitter and maybe Instagram so that you can start building up a fan base which you can eventually turn into an email list or something else to get you even more clients and speaking of an email list make sure to sign up to Mine by heading to Nate wealth.com or using the link in the description below for access to the tutorial on how one of my designers makes my thumbnails you'll also get weekly YouTube articles and a ton of free resources if you sign up so make sure you don't miss out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Khushi-o1g5f [1 likes]: In case ayone needs a thumbnail Maker ?
  2. @muntazirdezyns [1 likes]: Best YouTube channel ❤ 3:07
  3. @odaximus5771 [1 likes]: I actually enjoyed this video😢
  4. @intrxvrted [1 likes]: Anyone need a free thumbnail?
  5. @3dmlab [1 likes]: why does this guy look like Mark Zuckerberg?? Awesome video btw
  6. @LokaanchaAwaaz: ❤
  7. @usrr.praveen20: “If anyone wants to improve their video thumbnails  (for better CTR/attention), reply here — I can create one sample for free.”
  8. @Koushik_paul-07: Bro is looking like zack muckerbarg
  9. @ThumbnailSprint: insaneee
  10. @ChubbierSnail: n8 is dropping FACTS with this one, great advice to any prospective thumbnail artists
  11. @ncubeh9297: Anyone want thumbnail
  12. @slicecoremaster: Who needs YouTube thumbnails?
  13. @IsraAdnan-g1t: Anyone want thumbnails?
  14. @malayCreates: I will give 1 free thumbnail. Reply who want it...
  15. @LadhchubaEditx: yoooo why does this dude kinda looks like zuck
  16. @judeftbl_1: Anyone needs free thumbnail
  17. @Hulkubhau1: Hey anybody want a thumbnail designer??
  18. @extreme_myke: I’m a graphics designer and I want clients
  19. @Hindustanimelody12: For thumnail design conatct me
  20. @OptimalStriker: Does anyone want a football/soccer thumbnail for 5 USD?

- How I Make $10,000/Month Creating YouTube Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on creators and creatives my name is Dill if you don't know me I'm a full-time thumbnail artist who has worked with some of the biggest creators on YouTube such as arak Ryan Trahan Michelle car and more if you're watching this video you're likely aiming to reach that level of success as well today I'm going to be breaking down the stepbystep road map I use to become a full-time thumbnail artist I'll also be sharing some valuable secrets that I've learned from my seven years of doing this and how you can start making $10,000 a month or more from someone who's actually done it as well as growing all of your social media platforms so with all of that being said I hope you enjoy let's get into it the first step is creating your style and finding your voice what I mean by that is figuring out a unique style that you can Implement into all your thumbnails that make you stand out from the rest of the crowd one of the first ways and maybe one of the most important is to learn from others now I always tell new designers to study other designers thumbnails and figure out what works and basically dissect the whole thing figure out how they added this Shadow how they added this highlight what steps they went through to make the color correction look this good and maybe where they found certain images and if you can Master the art of dissecting someone else's thumbnail it will really really set you up for success when it comes to struggling with your own thumbnails because you'll have the problem solving skills to do so I remember when I was first starting that is one of the things that I did and it helped me so so much the next way that could help you find your voice is by joining other creative communities what I mean by this is finding and engaging with other designers on platforms like Twitter and Discord I actually run a Discord server Link in the description it has over three ,000 members in it and everyone is an aspiring thumbnail designer if you're trying to join a creative Community I think this is definitely the best one so go check that out but anyways joining creative communities and communities on Twitter is really going to help you make a name for yourself and connect with other designers the last thing that you need to remember is that finding your style in your voice is an ongoing thing always keep experimenting stay curious and find new ways of inspiring yourself being open-minded to trying new Styles is really going to set you up for Success here now that you know the first step of creating your own style and finding your voice the next step is to build a brand and build a portfolio the best way to do this when you are first starting out as a thumbnail designer is to build a portfolio based off of practice work now odds are you don't have any clientele yet so that is why we are going to build this portfolio based off of practice work maybe try recreating other creators thumbnails maybe make some thumbnails for your friends or come up with unique video ideas yourself don't be afraid to experiment here you want to be able to push your design boundaries the whole goal here is to build a portfolio of practice work to build some trust and credibility for yourself the next and probably one of the most important steps is to start posting on Twitter consistently Twitter is just such a great platform for designers that's where we all are and we're all in our own little bubble so be sure to engage with the community respond to other people's tweets and join in on discussions about thumbnails my friend David altiser actually hosts a Twitter space every week and just talks about all things thumbnails you might even catch me in there sometimes the next very important step is to seek feedback using platforms like Twitter or Discord is a great way of receiving feedback from other designers and getting some useful tips and tricks on how you can probably improve your work now moving on to the third step and this is where it gets a little juicy pricing how to price yourself and how to learn how to value your time now it's important to note that creat Vaders are willing to invest a lot of money into their thumbnails and I'm not just saying that even Mr B says that a good thumbnail is the difference between a viral video or no views so with that being said when you're first starting your thumbnail design career I think a good Baseline for a starting rate is $50 to $100 USD I think that is a good beginner rate because you are still getting value for your time which which is the biggest Factor here so let's say you get your first client for $75 you make some work for them and then post it and you get some more clients and more clients and more clients this is the time where you need to increase your rate as demand goes up for your thumbnails you need to increase your rates with that it's basic supply and demand raising your rates not only helps you filter out clients that you don't want to be working with with but it also helps you get more value for your time and also remember to always be transparent about your pricing with clients and always be sure to have clear communication when it comes to your turnaround time and your revision policy to ensure a smooth client experience remember that you want your clients leaving feeling satisfied and they want to come back to you and they want to refer you to their friends that has honestly helped me so so much never be afraid to adjust your prices accordingly to ensure your business remains fruitful and profitable and fun so to summarize remember to value your time as much as possible increase your rates as your demand increases and always remember to have fun with it because at the end of the day you want this to turn into a full-time career so you need to make sure it's sustainable for longterm success now the last step is is to remember to always reinvest back into your work and your business it's essential that you reinvest into things that are going to improve your workflow help you learn new things or even give you new inspiration you could enroll in some graphic design courses online or find some workshops or you can invest in a website like view stats which could help you get inspiration or even start creating your clients thumbnail concepts for them one of the best things that I've done since reinvesting was reinvesting into my very own website and my own domain dil.com I think creating your own website really helps you stand out from the crowd and makes you look a lot more professional which is how you want to come across if you want to start working with some of the biggest YouTubers on the platform so by upgrading your tools expanding your knowledge in improving your workflow you'll not only enhance your skills but you'll also become a leader in the industry remember the journey to becoming a full-time thumbnail artist requires a lot of determination late nights and adaptation start by finding your unique voice and style then showcasing your work and then pricing accordingly depending on your demand reach out to potential clients with confidence and always remember to reinvest in yourself and your business to help you enhance your skills and productivity by following these steps you're not only setting yourself up for success but you're also setting yourself up for potentially making $110,000 a month like I have or even more consistently delivering highquality work will lead to high-paying clients and a sustainable lucrative career if you apply these principles consistently you too can turn this into the cool Co EST job ever I hope you guys enjoyed this video and learned some new things and I hope all of you can start to apply these steps and potentially make this your career like I said if you want a head start and a little cheat code be sure to join thumbnails 101 my Discord server down in the description be sure to comment any questions you have I will make sure to respond to every single one of them and if you want to see more videos like this be sure to to subscribe and that's all I got I hope you enjoyed peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @muntazirdezyns [2 likes]: Thanks for the video. Keep growing ❤ 2:16 love from Pakistan 🇵🇰
  2. @syedabdussubhan786 [2 likes]: how i get clients please reply?
  3. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: Niceeee
  4. @PL_GAMING_K [1 likes]: LOVE FORM #SHIVANIGRAPHICS26
  5. @visual_plug [1 likes]: thanks Dill. We need a course from you ASAP!!
  6. @uzig63 [1 likes]: hi dill i have a question for you i spent 1 an half year in learning thumbnail designing but now i have a solid skill but no client plz tell me where i can find plz i am so confused and nobody talking about it
  7. @makaistout [1 likes]: how much do you charge for a professional thumbnail?
  8. @AnnaVaSandford [1 likes]: Would love to know how specifically you got your first clients i.e. what your messaging looked like, did you do free work in the beginning etc.
  9. @tazeem357 [1 likes]: from where you get client bro
  10. @Mykell_Dari: Great
  11. @Dougie-i7t: Where do you find these clients? And how do you show them samples of your work without them just stealing the thumbnails and posting them themselves?
  12. @SpeakeasyEnglish-666: I'm a professional thumbnail designer who need aye catching thumbnail for high CTR
  13. @DimaTrendy: 2025 hhhhhhhhhhh nice brooo
  14. @saadmurtaza-k7k: I'm creating thumbnails for almost 2 years but still when I reach out to clients they only offer me 10 to 20 usd per thumb and when I tell them about the rates like 30 usd + they ghost me
What should I do?
  15. @GGEZWPlol: how much do you charge for drawing thumbnail? not edit but illustration.
  16. @mturner2407: dill pickle
  17. @SammyOdery: This video helped a lot—thanks
  18. @Fahimm-p3v: Is 75$ should for per thumbanil?
  19. @FredToma-j5m: Great job my beloved Nephew👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
  20. @mr.sk010: dill please tell me why you ban me from you server

- I Paid 3 Fiverr designers to design the SAME YouTube Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en I paid three Fiverr designers to create the best YouTube thumbnail possible. One for $5, $25, and one of the top designers on the Fiverr platform who charges up to $100 per thumbnail. But here's the twist. I'm going to take their designs and see if an AI tool called Pike can recreate them for just $1. So, in this challenge, I'm trying to answer different questions like, is it worth it to pay $100 for a thumbnail or just $5 one will be enough? Or something in the middle like paying $25 can get you the results needed? Also, can AI match the quality of a $100 human-made thumbnail? Or is the professional design still a better way to get a well-designed thumbnail? Let's find out. So, I go to Fiverr and start looking for thumbnail designers. There's a lot of gigs to choose from. So, I filter the search to just $5 and choose the best in this category. Filter the search to $25 and choose one. And then for $100, I want someone with a lot of experience and who knows what he is doing, not just charging a higher price. And I did find it. This one not only designed a lot of thumbnails, but in his Fiverr gig, he has more than 10,000 reviews, and most of these reviews are five stars. I reached out to all three designers with the same message, sent them the same assets. The title of the video I sent them is how to use Vigle AI to make money on YouTube. Three niches revealed. I gave them the video clips I made with Vigle AI, told them they could design the thumbnail however they wanted, and sent over a few examples I like to give them an idea. I didn't want to tell them exactly how I wanted the thumbnail. I just wanted to see what kind of ideas they'd come up with on their own and if there's a difference between the $5 thumbnail, $25, and the $100 thumbnail. I have made the payments to all the Fiverr designers. And now we wait. In the meantime, let's dive into Pixels and see if I can recreate the thumbnail myself. At first, I was pretty excited. Pixels is honestly an amazing tool for building thumbnails from scratch. Super intuitive and the results are amazing. You can basically create thumbnails from scratch or recreate a viral thumbnail with just a few clicks. But when it came to recreating a specific thumbnail based on an existing one, that's where things got a bit messy. Especially since I needed to swap out multiple elements, the logo, the shorts, and a few other details. After a bunch of trial and error, I realized Pixels isn't quite ready for handling that kind of complexity just yet. I even tried using chat GPT to help. I uploaded the thumbnail I wanted to recreate and asked for a prompt to use in pixels. That actually helped a lot. I started getting more consistent results and overall the thumbnails looked pretty solid. So, here's what I ended up with after 2 hours of playing around with Pixels AI. Overall, the thumbnails look solid. I just need to swap the logo with Vigle AI and they'll be good to go. To be fair, Pixels does shine in other areas like putting your face on viral style thumbnails or designing simpler oneelement thumbnails. But when it comes to replacing multiple things in one design, it's still a bit rough. Now, let's jump over and see what the Fiverr designers came up with. Now, after I placed all the orders to the Fiverr designers, the $100 designer was the first to respond as soon I placed the order. And $25 designer did also response, but the designer that charges $5 didn't. So, I guess he start to work on the thumbnail right away, and he didn't need anything else. Now, after waiting for a couple of hours, I got both the $100 designer, and the $5 designer delivers their almost the same time. But the $100 did actually give me not one or two versions, but three thumbnails designs, which was surprising since I didn't ask him to do so. And this gave more option to test which thumbnail will works the best, which is always a plus when you're trying to find out what thumbnail works best on YouTube. Unfortunately, the $25 designer, she didn't deliver the order after 24 hours and never even responded to my message. So, I guess it's better to go with pixels on this one than spending $25 and not get any response or your thumbnail on time. So, now it's showtime. Let's see what a $5 thumbnail looks like. The thumbnail overall looks good, but still there's a lot of things he can improve on, like the amount of money here. The numbers are small compared to the box they're in, so most likely the viewers will not notice them. Also, this arrow here is not that good and also will go unnoticed. Of the face, it will better if heat, but Vigle AI logo there, or at least the Vigle AI logo is not blurry, and since the video is about that tool, the logo must be shown clearly in the thumbnail. Overall, it's a $5. So, it's good, but definitely has a lot of room for improvement. I'll give this thumbnail 5.5 of 10. Now, let's see the $25 thumbnail. She did actually deliver the order, but only after 5 days of waiting. So, here is her thumbnail. Honestly, the thumbnail falls short. The number three in the top left is barely visible and blurry, and the assets I provided aren't showcased well. They're tucked away in the corner where viewers won't even notice them. The logo could have been presented much better, too. Right now, the only standout elements are the YouTube logo and the robot, which alone aren't enough to drive clicks. Overall, I'd rate this thumbnail as 3 out of 10. Now, let's talk about the $100 thumbnail. It's clearly in a different league. Right away, you can tell there's serious attention to detail. The numbers are bright, glowing, and easy to read, unlike the $5 version where they were barely visible. The top text is sharp and communicates the message well. Vigle AI plus YouTube equals money. It instantly sets the context and could easily nudge viewers to click. The Vigle AI logo is front and center, and the arrow placement makes sense. Again, a big difference between this arrow over the $5 thumbnail arrow. What impressed me most is how he handled the assets I sent. He didn't just drop them in, he enhanced them. He changed the background, added gloves to messy, and made everything pop with better clarity and color. Overall, it's vibrant, well contrasted, and clearly stands out compared to the $5 and $25 thumbnails. I'll give this thumbnail 9 out of 10. And keep in mind, that was just one of the thumbnails he delivered. The other two were also impressive. One of them even features Mr. Beast, which instantly boosts visibility when someone's scrolling. The layout is tight with every element placed thoughtfully. No wasted space. What really surprised me though is that he ended up sending me a fourth thumbnail without me even asking since I sent so if you're serious about leveling up your thumbnail game and you have the budget, this designer is absolutely worth the investment. I'll put his Fiverr gig in the description below. As for the $5 designer, he did a decent job. There's definitely room for improvement, but for $5, the quality matches the price. It's a fair deal if you're on a tight budget. The $25 designer though was a letdown. Not only was the delivery late, but the quality was actually worse than the $5 thumbnail. That doesn't mean all $25 gigs on Fiverr are bad, but I've noticed a trend. Designers in that mid-pric range often get overwhelmed with orders. They're stuck in the middle, not cheap enough to excuse low effort and not premium enough to justify high quality. So, the work ends up rushed and inconsistent. Now, as for Pixel's AI, I believe the results will only get better with time. As the AI models evolve, we're heading toward a future where tools like this can easily replace lowerc cost designers and maybe even compete with premium ones. Eventually, creating thumbnails with AI will be the go-to. Faster, cheaper, and highquality. It's going to be either AI tools for thumbnails or high-end services like the $100 designer. There's no in between. I'll leave a link to Pixel's AI below, and I definitely plan to explore it more because it looks really promising. That's it for this video. Hope you enjoyed it. If you want to see more content like this, don't forget to like and subscribe. Until next time, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @dsafojiasdfoph [2 likes]: ngl the 5$ thumbnail is actually very clickable, great bang for buck
  2. @Khalid.wakaha [2 likes]: good video
  3. @Fitnasar [1 likes]: as a thumbnail designer, i find this video pretty interesting. Hopefully clients who complain about higher rates would watch it and learn a bit. Great job on the video👍
  4. @nizamhaider66766 [1 likes]: I am thumbnail designer can i am create your thumbnail
  5. @alfina_anesthetic_lifestyle [1 likes]: Hi... Can u plz help me.... I want to create animated videos on mobile only.... I need to a know a simple app for it... Pls reply❤
  6. @mrboy-o7j: Hello I am 1+yr experienced graphic designer with expertise in thumbnail designing. 

I can design quality thumbnails for you..

- Hire YouTube thumbnail designer | professional thumbnail maker: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know most viewers decide to click a video just by looking at its thumbnail? If your thumbnail isn't attractive, your amazing content might get ignored. I provide professional thumbnail design services on a monthly subscription basis, so you can receive a new high-quality thumbnail every single day. Need a thumbnail urgently? No problem. You'll get it within just 3 hours after requesting. Each thumbnail is carefully designed to match your video content, stand out in crowded feeds, and grab attention instantly. I use a mix of bold visuals, clean typography, and vibrant colors to make sure your videos get noticed, clicked, and watched. Let your videos shine, grow your audience, and maximize your reach. Contact me today, and let's make your content irresistible.

- How To Make Viral Thumbnails (99% Do This Wrong): Kind: captions Language: en This has been one of my most requested videos, and it's probably for a good reason. If you don't have a good thumbnail, no one will watch your video. Now, I want to make something clear. This isn't one of those tutorials where I show you how to take an existing thumbnail and ask [music] ChatGPT to replace the subject. That simply doesn't work for most cases. What I am going to show you is how to leverage AI in your existing thumbnail workflow. This makes it so we end up with the best possible result. So, if you watch this entire video, you will know exactly how to make a world-class thumbnail that will make you stand out from your competition. This is one of the highest return investments you can do for the growth of your YouTube channel. So, first things first, I have a folder full of photos of me. And the key here is we will not be asking AI to make any adjustments to our facial position or expression. That's often what gives you the fake AI look. So, yes, you do have to take your own photos [music] if you want the highest quality results. Once we have the photo we want, we can move to the topic and find inspiration for our thumbnail. And my number one place for that is X and Pinterest. I just search for the topic I'm looking for, and then I make sure to put YouTube thumbnail after it. The purpose of this is we need a reference for the structural bones of our thumbnail. If we just jump straight into generating the image with our photo, it ends up looking just like a photo and not a thumbnail. And no, we're not stealing like lazy people. I have a very specific prompt that I'm about to show you. And so, for the purpose of this video, I'm just going to use this thumbnail here. And now, we're ready to start the magic. Now, I'm going to be using Imagine Art, and you'll see why in a second. I have a link to it in the description. But, you can feel free to use whatever platform you want. So, I'm going to click on this Chatly button, and I'm going to select Gemini. I'm uploading my image here, and I'm going to write this very specific prompt that you can copy in the description. Essentially, it breaks down the proportions, the lighting, and the objects, and it's going to give us a new prompt that we can paste directly into the image generator. And so, if you do end up using a picture of yourself along with this prompt, you're also going to want to add to this prompt [music] to the end of your prompt. This one is also in the description. It basically tells the AI that you want the photo you're using to maintain the same [music] facial expression. Whatever you decide to use, make sure it has Nano Banana Pro. I've tested all the models multiple times, and I've gotten the best results with Nano Banana Pro. So, now that we have our full prompt, I'm going to select [music] workflow. And then I'm going to select create new workflow. Now, I'm going to select nodes and I'm going to select the upload node. I'm going to upload this photo of my face and then select open. Now, I'm going to select this prompt node and drag it down here. And then the last one is I'm going to add this image [music] node. Now, like I said, I'm going to use Nano Banana Pro. So, I'm going to select model and select Nano Banana Pro and I'm going to set the aspect ratio to 16 by 9 resolution to 4K. Now, I'm going to connect the reference [music] photo here and the prompt to this one. Now, we can paste in the prompt we got from Gemini into here. And then I'm also going to paste in the second part of the prompt that tells the AI that I want this face instead of the [music] other guy's face. Now, as soon as we click run, it's going to generate that photo. But, I'm not going to do that yet because I want to generate some more assets, connect it here, and then we'll generate it all at once. So, I'm going to click the prompt and then I'm going to click the image. I'm going to connect the prompt here, select Nano Banana Pro, aspect ratio to 1, and resolution to 4K. Now, I'm going to click upload again. Now, I'm going to upload a photo of this logo. And then I'm simply going to connect it here. Now, I wrote generate me a 3D version of this DaVinci Resolve logo, place it on a white background. Now, I'm in Google. I'm going to grab this image, save image as. I'm going to select the upload, going to upload this logo, click the prompt again, and then image again. I'm going to copy this prompt, I'm going to paste it, and I'm going to change this to say Apple Music logo instead, and then we're going to connect this here and this here. And then I'm going to hit run. Again, here's another logo. I'm going to save this as, [music] then I can upload it into another upload, drag in a prompt, paste in our prompt, and switch it to Messages logo, prompt and [music] reference. The last two logos we need are the Apple Store logo and the Apple Photos logo, and repeat [music] this process. I'm going to come back to my main prompt here and I'm basically going to describe what I want to happen when we plug all these photos in. Basically, all I added was I've also connected it five different 3D logos. I want you to place these around the man holding the phone. They are floating. Make sure the faces of all of them are visible and that they are all roughly the same [music] size. Now, what we can do is begin connecting all of these logos to here. Now, if we zoom out, as you can see, we have our input photo of my face, five different logos, and then we have the Gemini prompt basically telling it what position I should [music] be in. So, now we can hit run. And so, this is why I like the workflows feature because if you try and do this in a normal image generator and just try prompting everything, it's just too much for it to handle at once and it ends up making a lot of mistakes. Whereas this way, all the work is already done. It just has to put the pieces together. So, here's what it gave us. You'll notice that there's nothing on the phone screen yet and there's still a few changes I want to add, like a bit of glossiness on the Apple logos and I want to change the color of my shirt. But for now, I'm just going to download this like this. I'm going to select the image tab and I'm going to select Nano Banana Pro. Now, I'm going to select down here. I'm going to make sure I'm on landscape and 4K. Then I can select my number of variations. So, I'm just going to select four. And now it's a little bit less complicated. We can just describe the changes we want to make and I like to keep it to one change at a time. So, I'm going to upload this second photo. I'm going to write, "Can you place the second image I provided onto the phone screen of the first phone, make it look a little bit more modern, and I want the headphones to be 3D and slightly coming out of the phone. I also want you to place an Apple mouse cursor hovering over the bottom of the phone." Now, you're not always going to get exactly what you want on the first image, so you just have to keep adjusting your prompt until you get something you like. This one was the winner for me, so I'm going to download it here. Now, I'm going to re-upload that here. So, what I asked for is a clear coat on top of the Apple logos and I said I want them to look a little bit more glossy and premium. I also want you to change the color of the guy's shirt to blue. So again, as you can see, I tried lots of different versions. I think this one's my favorite. As you can see, these app logos look a lot better now, and that's a nice shade of blue for the shirt. Again, the link is below if you want to try out my workflow. Make sure you hit that like button, hit that subscribe button, and we'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Thatsrealtem [2 likes]: Bro the jawline lookin crispy as always. Keep it up man😤🔥
  2. @Nitin.Indian [1 likes]: bro is the real beauty with brain 😭
  3. @Thatsrealtem [1 likes]: Can you teach us this photopea. For us who aren't able to use photoshop
  4. @ek_Balaak [1 likes]: 0:48 pj bhai
  5. @chigga11: Break mrbeast thumbnail
  6. @Sgames74: What kind of macbook do you use for video editing?
  7. @crazy_bot001: music selection🔥🔥
  8. @mujtabawastaken5348: ur the goat man I wanna be great as you dwag!
  9. @Ailearn-s8y: which main software or website u used in video?
  10. @dyuhti: ❤❤🎉🎉😊😊
  11. @shortsforyou0746: https://youtu.be/DiH9Pek312c?si=iLrqhcatxjVaduxK

Can you breakdown this edit plz.. i guess this single video can teach us a lot off the editing style. Please do it, i request 😭😭
  12. @PrimeGaming-u2w: Very good video ❤❤ I love it .No ones tell this but u ...
Thank u❤❤
  13. @benjonesatoffice: need ai video generation a to z tutorial
  14. @NayLin-h4p6b: https://youtube.com/shorts/xCAL-xZbADk?si=J5dCz_0t2UJUUSuR
How to create this text animation
  15. @Nitishcomputer123: Make a video on transparent watermark.
  16. @strassen-affe: Thank you :)
  17. @bendydoido3363: bro, PLSS, make a video teaching how to make reflex effect on the floor, i need to laern more about this effect😊😊
  18. @TownUprade: Bro please try to only find Websites or Apps that cost nothing because no ohne will pay like 200$ / month for every specific ai or Else…. Would be so cool 🎉
  19. @Jack-l9f7l: @davinci resolve editors 

I am hiring short form edits 

reply to this comment and we can talk
  20. @ilijaadobarcovek1162: What do you think about posting a video about color grade🙃

- 5 Rules of Creating Youtube Thumbnails **That Get MORE VIEWS!**: Kind: captions Language: en What is up everyone. Welcome back to my channel, the best place for new coaches, content creators and entrepreneurs. Now in today's video I want to talk about YouTube, but specifically I really want to zone in and focus in on thumbnails. Now here on my channel, I've talked about with thumbnails before, but I don't think I have a dedicated videos specifically for thumbnails. So here it is not only this, I also know that a lot of you guys have DMD me about how I do my thumbnails and everything like that and I'm a firm believer of the saying of you know, instead of giving a man a fish, you teach him how to fish instead. So that's why in today's video I'm actually going to share with you the top five golden rules that my team and I follow when it comes to creating awesome thumbnails for my channel. And I hope by sharing this framework or sharing these rules with you, you're going to be able to replicate the same results onto your channel so that you can really optimize those thumbnails and get more views and more clicks onto your videos. That's why if you're interested in all of that, then stick around because this video is going to be pretty damn good. Now before we dive in though, we do have some important shout outs that are in order, so let's get right into it. Before we dive into this week's awesome video, we want to shout out the comment and YouTube channel of the week. Thank you so much for these kinds of messages onto last week's video. Not only this, we also want to shout out the Instagram story and profile of the week as well. Thank you again for shouting out our videos. Now if you're watching this and you're wondering how can I get featured in the next video, it's very simple. Number one, you could either leave a comment below on this video or you can take a picture of this video and share it with your audience on Instagram. Just don't forget to tag me now with that out of the way, let's just dive right into this week's video. All right, so the first golden rule that I personally like to follow when it comes to creating thumbnails for my videos is to show my face. Now, earlier on a year ago or way over a year ago when I started my channel, I actually experimented with this. I wanted to understand if showing my face and my thumbnails would convert better or if using stock photos that I find on Unsplash or something like that would perform better. And it turns out that when I tried to put a stock photo into my thumbnails, I didn't get many views. But the moment that I actually turned it back into my face, I got way more views. And I think that the reason why is because a lot of people still like to consume content on YouTube because it still feels human and it still feels real. It doesn't feel overly commercialized. And when you start using stock photos or images that don't show your face or anything like that, it takes away that human element in it. Your video. Now, obviously this might depend on the niche that you're in, but in my particular niche, me having a personal brand and me having an educational channel showing my face proved to be really important. Now, to help you out a little bit more with this because I know what it feels like to just freeze and not know what pose to do for your thumbnails, especially if you do a lot of videos. So I'm going to share with you the six universal human emotions that I like to follow when I'm thinking about what to create for my thumbnails, especially when I need to show my face. Number one, happiness. Number two, sadness. Number three, surprise number four, fear. Number five, disgust and number six, anger. Now that I've shown you the six universal human emotions, I really hope that I can add a lot more variety at to your thumbnails, but not only this and speaking of variety. If you are someone like me who does a lot of sit down videos, I can also understand that it can be kind of boring to constantly screenshot a part of your video and turn that into a thumbnail, especially if your background doesn't change a lot. That's why a little hack for you is you can use a free tool called remove background. Here's the link and what you can actually do is you can take your photo, put it onto this website and it's actually going to help you automatically remove the background so that you can put any other background in the back. That's going to allow you to also create more variety in your thumbnails, especially if you do sit down videos just like me. All right, so now that you've mastered the art of showing your face and removing the background and all the different expressions that you can do, the next thing that I like to follow when it comes to creating my thumbnails is to make sure that we're not using a fancy fonts. Now you'll notice here on my channel that when we create most of our thumbnails, we add text. And the reason why we like to add text is because I'm more of an educational channel. I'm more of a sit down and talking style type of channel and therefore it's important for me to add texts because people can clearly see what my video is all about. Not only this, personally for me, when I'm scrolling through the YouTube feed, I'm always paying attention to the thumbnails over the titles and that's why if the thumbnail actually has text on it, it gives me a clear idea of what the video is about, which will give me more inclination to actually click on it and view it. So that's the philosophy behind why I personally like to add text onto my videos. But when it comes to adding texts, we always, always avoid fancy fonts. And I know that fancy fonts are beautiful. They look amazing on a website, for example, these funds right here or these fonts right here. But the thing that you got to realize is that even though these fonts look really great on Pinterest or your website or your blog, they convert terribly on YouTube and the reason why, especially on a small screen like mobile, these fancier fonts tend to be very, very hard to read and that's why no matter how beautiful a font is, we personally won't choose them for our thumbnails and instead we'll offer very simple, very clean and very bold fonts such as Oswald Bay, best new Montserrat, Poppins. These are personally my favorite fonts to use for my thumbnails. That's why if you are someone who's considering to put text into your thumbnails, definitely make sure that you are avoiding fancy fonts because it's simply not going to convert for you. No. Once you've chosen a bold font for your thumbnails, the next thing that you want to consider if you are adding texts to your thumbnails is to keep it simple. I personally have a rule of thumb now that no text should be over four words. Now obviously on my channel I've had thumbnails that have way more than four words and still performed, but now a days. I really like to keep things streamlined and I try my very best to make it less than four words and the reason for this is again, on mobile, when you're thinking about looking at thumbnails on mobile, the more texts that you have, the less you're able to stretch out that text be bigger on your thumbnails. And so when you have only four words, let's say, it's going to be a lot easier to enlarge that and to create more of an impact onto your thumbnail. Now before I dive into the next golden rule that I have for you, I actually want to give you a bonus tip when it comes to adding text to your thumbnails because I know a lot of you guys might hesitate on what exactly to put in your thumbnail when it comes to the texts. Now I follow one of the following two options. Option one is I say it like it is. I literally use my text to explain exactly what my viewers are going to get from my video. If I am creating a video on my Instagram strategy for 2020 then my title is going to be Instagram strategy for 2020 I personally like being straightforward in my videos so that people can expect the exact content that they assume that they were going to get from looking at the thumbnail alone. Now on the other hand for some of my other videos and I don't do this often, is you can choose the option where you do more of a clickbait title and this is where you don't really give everything away and maybe you put, you know one or two words that's really going to evoke a reaction or curiosity from your audience, for example, like this. Now, these are also really effective in order to create an emotional response from your viewers. Now it's just up to you to just test the following two options. There is no right or wrong and see what performs better on your channel. For me personally, I like to be straightforward, but for you you might want to evoke a more stronger emotional reaction with your thumbnails. Then I like to, so yeah. Now moving onto the fourth golden rule that I like to follow when it comes to creating thumbnails is to keep everything on the right hand side. And this is a tip that I've actually shared a lot of times here on my channel, but I'm saying it officially and on the record in this specific video here because this video is dedicated to them nails. And the reason why is once you've chosen your font, once you've chosen, you know what exactly you're going to write as the text in your thumbnail and you actually have your face. I personally want to make sure that my text or whatever is the most important that I want people to read stays on the right hand side. And the reason why is because on the left hand side, there are tons of icons from YouTube that ended up covering that side on the feed. And so that's why for me knowing this, I make sure that the most important pieces of information that I like to have on my thumbnail stay on the right side so that it doesn't get covered up. Now onto the last golden rule when it comes to creating thumbnails and that is make it big, and this is something that I've pretty much mentioned throughout this video, but I cannot emphasize it enough that your thumbnails gotta be big. And I'm not saying that the size it needs to be big, like the actual dimensions of the thumbnail because everyone's thumbnails dimensions are the same, but I'm saying that the elements in your thumbnail needs to be large enough so that someone who's standing maybe five feet away from the computer can still see And I cannot emphasize this enough. I've worked with clients, I've worked with students, I've seen people, someone else before, and people still don't understand that it's so important that the elements that you're putting in your thumbnails is large enough for someone to actually see it on mobile or see it when they're walking by their computer and all of that. Because the thing is is that things might look big on Canva when you have it at 100% or even 50% largeness. But when you actually shrink it down into a YouTube feed, it actually is microscopic and that's why it's so important that you actually consider this when you're creating some nails. And again this ties back to why with you're adding text, have less words or if you're showing your face, make sure you're actually really showing your face in the video so that people can see you and everything like that. Don't bother putting small microscopic text or don't bother putting tiny emojis cause it's just going to look like a speck on mobile and even oftentimes on desktop. Now to help you guys out to make sure that your thumbnail elements are large enough to be optimized for YouTube is what you can do is you can go on Canva and before you download your thumbnail, just shrink it. Just make it 10% so that you can truly see whether or not the things are standing out to you, even if your thumbnail is shrunken down to 10% so that's something that I personally like to do. You don't have to use Canva, you can use something else, but I hope that that little hack helps Anyways, guys, so far in this video you learned my five golden rules that my team and I follow when it comes to creating all of our thumbnails in our channel. Make sure you comment below and let me know if you learn something new or if you have other golden rules that you like to follow. Definitely share the knowledge now while you wait for next week's video, make sure that you also check out these two videos that I have right here as well. I love to talk about social media marketing, coaching, entrepreneurship, and all that good stuff. So again, make sure you check out these two awesome videos as well. As always, guys, I appreciate you. I hope you guys have a great day, a great week, and a great life, and I will see you in the next video. Bye guys. And good luck with your YouTube thumbnails.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JDiariesSquad [1 likes]: Supporting and rewatching all content ❤🎉🎉❤ Take care always
  2. @mariarosenna: There are lots of tips that aren’t mentioned by other youtubers! This is such a great help for me. Thank you so much💕💕💕
  3. @dimaexner9612: Thumbnail making is a lot of work
  4. @dimaexner9612: Watching this video actually showed me that I can make thumbnails
  5. @dimaexner9612: I have a blogging channel that I made in 2022 and I do not know how to make thumbnails
  6. @dimaexner9612: I love your videos they have helped me get through tuff times
  7. @michaelsambrano1976: Thank you for sharing
  8. @kemmieswags02: thanks so much, I really hope I improve on thumbnails
  9. @CazzaandKids: Thank you ❤ Hopefully I can grow my little single mum family channel xx
  10. @TheSubwaysurfer: It helps if you’re pretty to look at like you are. I feel that if you are a visual artist and can add something really personal and outrageous in your thumbnail drawings that is an even more effective hook. It’s what I do in my channel creative care, marketing consultant.
  11. @jilldaltonnyc7545: Great info. Thanks.
  12. @angelomeihe.c: Thanks Vanessa I needed all these
  13. @angelomeihe.c: Thanks Vanessa I needed all these
  14. @BoutiquebyBrendaLee: Off the topic, I love your natural looking makeup in this video! Timeless!
  15. @allthingsunrelated2919: Haha your 6 human emotions were awesome, it was like you were a human emoji 😅
  16. @EasyVideoMaking: good info ... and is it just me?  but these 'people pointing' thumbnails are just really obnoxious to me
  17. @mitchandjan: Great video, thanks very much!
  18. @urjakhosla: Amazing tips!
  19. @_ancialiftalks_: Thanks so much ❤
  20. @swimmingtips67899: Thank you dear

- Does changing YouTube video title or thumbnail affect views?: Kind: captions Language: en does changing a video title effect views oh absolutely but it depends entirely on how your audience reacts to your first of all your new title and thumbnail second of all to your existing metadata Search terms and to the related Search terms that YouTube assigned automatically if your new title and thumbnail lead to a higher or lower average percentage viewed average view duration or click rate YouTube will adjust its promotion YouTube keeps testing metadata search ter and audiences to see if they react well they do this in YouTube search but also YouTube suggested if it can't find the Right audience your video is dead and Dead videos are really hard to resurrect because the YouTube algorithm made up its mind people don't respond so don't promote the video changing a title and a thumbnail on a dead video will almost never work if your videos have a little bit of traction even if it's not much it's absolutely worth a shot to change your title and thumbnail but it's still really hard in this case I changed the thumbnail for this video the video wasn't performing very well the first signs look really good this is the 48h hour graph 24 hours after the change I changed the thumbnail here and My Views started to increase now let's look at the audience retention graph I select a period before the change from here to here it is about 19% this video is a little bit longer so M but it's still bad now let's look at what happened when I changed the thumbnail the average percentage viewed dropped to 10% you see that the audience retention graph shows worse statistics YouTube has tested the video hasn't found a positive result that means that My Views will go down and that is exactly what happened now it is 24 hours later and we can see in our 48 Hours graph that here is the increased amount of views and here my views went down again when you change your title and thumbnail measure the amount of increased views that a video got and the audience retention I use a spreadsheet to track changes this way I can see if the change has a positive or A negative effect if you like you can download this spreadsheet for free from my website the link is in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @IkesVintageTech [4 likes]: Starting to play with some older thumbnails. Decided to use my best performing video that has since flat lined from 8 months ago to see if there’s any uptick.
  2. @loriantrees [3 likes]: Just started my YT page
  3. @itscallietaylor [3 likes]: I tried updating a Title from two months ago and no luck! I've def learned to have better titles and thumbnails.
  4. @RitchieRosson [2 likes]: I tweaked by end screen last night and it flat lined the views on a video that was doing well. :( Great video.
  5. @AvivMakesRobots [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing that example!
  6. @jumpbos [1 likes]: This video showed up first on Google search when i typed... does changing youtube video title affect views ...
  7. @MutedTracks: Ahaa, this probably happened to me, because i changed my titles to be more accurate to my artist name. I lost many views after this.
  8. @taucetialpha4462: I got a question: I have videos over 40K (the amount is not important) views and i want to know if I  rename one of my videos, will i lose the total number of views of the remaned video ?
  9. @Sokcreator: Thanks for sharing that example!

- THIS is How Much a BAD Thumbnail Can Cost You: Kind: captions Language: en all right let's be honest we're probably not spending as much time with our thumbnails as we should be if we're to follow all the advice of the gurus like Mr Beast and think media we would be doing our thumbnails and our titles well before any scripting filming or editing and we'd be spending two to three times as much time on it as everything else combined but if you're like me and you're a brand new YouTuber you simply don't have the energy time and resources to devote to just your thumbnail you're probably Treading Water trying to get your videos out and just hoping for the best I get it I'm there right now but what I want to convey in this video is two things one I want to show you the hidden cost of not focusing on your thumbnails and what that means for your channel and your Channel's performance over time and also at the end of this video I'll give you some basic tips on what you can be thinking about as you're designing your thumbnails for future improvements and this will be part one of a two-part series that I'll be putting out on thumbnails so as a follow up to this video I will do a step-by-step tutorial on how I create my own thumbnails in canva and I'll also be doing a deep dive into some other fellow newer creators and some of their minimalist thumbnail designs that are working well for them so stay tuned for that video Let's Jump Right In all right now follow along with me this is going to be an interactive exercise that we're both going to do together so if you haven't yet put this video on pause and go to your YouTube Studio once you're there click resume okay now that you're back from your dashboard click into analytics and I'm going to show you exactly what it means to be missing out on subscribers watch time hours and Views as it relates specifically to your click-through rate for your channel so once you're in your channel analytics change your date range to Lifetime and come over into content once you're in content take a look at your impressions click-through rate you'll notice for my channel it is 3.3% so let's keep that number in mind now the next thing we want to do is try to get a benchmark for what a good or average click-through rate should be for any given Channel now I've gone over to vid iq's AI coach and I asked the question what is a good click-through rate and the response is a YouTube click-through rate typically Falls between 2 and 10% now of course it depends on other factors like your Niche your audience and your video type so let's just say 6% is a good Benchmark on my channel I have videos ranging from a 6.5% clickthrough all the way down to 1% click- through giving me an average of 3.3 but let's use vid iq's average of 6% as our Benchmark so if we were to effectively double my 3.3% to 6 and 1/2 6 6% what kind of Channel performance can we expect well essentially we can expect double the amount of views if we're getting double the amount of clicks so of the 90,000 Impressions I have across all my videos my thumbnail is only being clicked on 3.3% of the time which leads to 4,000 views if we were to double that to 6.6% I would effectively have 8,000 views doubling my current view count assuming an average duration of 2 minutes and 46 seconds which is what I currently have how would then that translate into watchtime hours well let's take a look as a channel Allin I'm at 185 watchtime hours if I had double the amount of views at the average view duration I would effectively have 370 watchtime hours almost 400 and right now I have 145 subscribers double that as well that gets me closer to 300 subscribers so improving your click-through just a little bit if you have a 2% clickthrough and you double that to four double your subscribers double your watchtime hours double your views now it's much easier said than done to go from 3.3 to 6.6 and I'll be honest I'm brand new I'm 7 weeks on the platform I don't have the secret to getting to that click-through rate but that should be a benchmark from which I strive to achieve now for you if you're click-through rate is 1 and 1 12% 2% 3% you should be shooting for 3 4 5% clickthrough which is going to again tremendously increase the number of watchtime hours and subscribers that you're getting so hopefully this illustrates for you the importance of thumbnail design and how you should be continually trying to improve on those thumbnail designs here's a few tips to get you started on how you can think differently about your thumbnail design tip number one bounce your thumbnails off of testy thumbnail.png based on the quality of your thumbnail title and description and what's great about this is it'll look at the face in the picture it'll try to assess the emotion that you're conveying and also the level of intrigue that the thumbnail is evoking as well it'll look at properties like your text your color schemes and it'll even evaluate the objects in your thumbnail itself so I would say throw your thumbnails in here see what the outputs are and look at some of the suggestions that it's giving you for how to improve on those thumbnails now the second website thumbs up.tv this is great for understanding the mobile experience which leads to tip number two it's always good to keep in mind the mobile user because chances are the majority of your views are coming from mobile devices so again same process you can put your thumbnail and your title into this website it's free to use and it'll show you what it will look like on both a web browser and on a mobile device and then for those of you who get views off of something like an Apple TV it'll show you what that experience is like as well it's a good idea to always check your fonts how big your letters show up on your thumbnail for that mobile user because if they can't read it they're not going to click on it tip number three while you're filming do not forget to take still images of yourself smiling acting surprised looking pensive whatever the emotion is of the video that you're trying to convey you should try and reflect that in your thumbnail often times I will forget to take these pictures and then I'm left scrubbing through frame by frame trying to find a halfway decent picture of myself to use for my thumbnail and they don't always come out very good so spend the time take some still pictures or do some poses while you're recording that you can then grab screenshots from all right finally tip number four your title and your thumbnail should play off of each other they shouldn't really repeat one another so I would avoid using text in your thumbnail that already appears in your title and if you're going to be doing something in your title your thumbnail should sort of hint at what that could be but doing it in a way that evokes mystery and Intrigue so that someone would want to click additionally if you're trying to answer a question with your video and that shows up in your title you should again hint at what the answer might be but without giving it away so use your thumbnail as a way of creating additional curiosity that feeds off of what the title is suggesting they'll learn in that video all right guys thank you so much for hanging out with me if you've made it this far don't forget to hit the Subscribe button if you've gotten any value in today's video of course please leave me a comment or hit like if you want to engage with me in the community below and then of course I will be doing doing a follow-up to this video on how I designed my own thumbnails in canva and then I'll be showcasing some other creators on YouTube who are newer who are also doing really good things with very minimal thumbnail design that will hopefully give you a little bit of inspiration on how you can improve on your thumbnails so that you are not leaving any views any subscribers or watchtime hours on the table till next time I'll see you guys later [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ty_Myers [2 likes]: What is your channel click-through-rate %? Are you happy with where you are? What is your plan to improve?
👉 How to start on YouTube without overthinking: https://7-step-framework.tymyersmedia.com
👉 Work with me 1:1 to grow and monetize your YouTube channel: https://momentum-builder.tymyersmedia.com
  2. @marlettamcclain1950 [1 likes]: I appreciate the tips on the free websites for feedback on thumbnails.  I think this will be very helpful as I create my channel.
  3. @CreateByFire [1 likes]: Another great video
  4. @schoolneverteach [1 likes]: Very clear explanation
  5. @grannyrocksretirement [1 likes]: You are the next Sean Cannel!!!!
  6. @mg6641 [1 likes]: Hi, the new subscriber is here! 😊
  7. @thisiscruising [1 likes]: Thanks for another great video Ty, I look forward to the follow up video. In my quest to research starting a YT channel, I once watched a workshop with two creators and one of them said "the less visual noise on a thumbnail, the higher the CTR" they were of the opinion that there should be no more than 3 main elements on a thumbnail. I once heard Pat Flynn of Deep Pocket Monster say that he creates all of his videos based on "banger titles & thumbnails!". It's a lot to take in when starting out but I appreciate your content and your transparency showing us your YT studio x
  8. @fathogwoodworking [1 likes]: I find thumbnails and titles so frustrating. Just checked out those thumb nail checker- thanks for the heads up. 
My click thought rate is 4.9 which is alright by the margins you have but there are huge swings in that number video to video.
  9. @Just_NickyT [1 likes]: I always ALWAYS forget tip # 3 then I’m scrambling with a thumbnail image then I just let YT choose 🤦🏾‍♀️

- How a Pro YouTuber Actually Makes Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en what makes a good thumbnail that gets clicked composition is King baby when I'm talking to creators we'll talk about the title we'll talk about the thumbnail and then I'll say Okay now what's your first 5 seconds I made a thumbnail with Max it's an image of him with a cow with a police officer and then you click the video and right away you're confirmed he's literally walking around the Streets of London with a cow with a beer in his hand and it is an immediate payoff and that video I think has like 5 million 6 million or something like that making sure those first 5 to 10 seconds have some sort of payoff to the thumbnail you got to just press record David altiser is on the think media channel today and I'm excited because dude you've worked for a lot of different YouTube channels now you have this next transition to thumbnail design yeah first of all tell us like what kind of YouTube channels are you working on and then are you tell us your thumbnail design process how are these big YouTubers like you know how do they do it and you know break down that process sure yeah so I'm I'm currently working pretty much full-time with Curtis Connor folks he's a a comedian commentary Channel and he and I have really developed a great kind of design language based off of what he was already doing but I've kind of simplified it down and kind of elevated it is what I told him I was like I've been a fan of your work for years and you know you've he kind of created this like yellow uh helvetica font style on top of him like giving a crazy reaction with a bunch of messy stuff behind it I call it the Scrapbook uh style uh because it looks like a scrapbook it looks like somebody took pictures and cut them out and then pasted them on a picture and so he kind of actually humbly said yeah I think I created this style but now almost every commentary channel does that format so I want to highlight that like he has the ability to kind of own that style cuz he literally pioneered it but we needed to elevate it and that simply meant simplifying it cleaning it up and thankfully with Curtis I'm given a really you know high quality uh video file of him giving me faces so usually he'll have the title in mind he'll maybe even have most of the video shot and then we'll get on the phone and maybe discuss you know the thumbnail and he because he's so intuitive and he's been a YouTuber for so many years he kind of just knows what what it should be and so he'll tell me like hey here's what I'm thinking and then I'll spitball some ideas then he'll give me like you know a 10 or 20 second clip of him giving me like three or four different faces and you know he has a nice camera and nice lighting and so I'm able to just pull that out and stick it on and then almost everything else though is like generated either with AI or from the assets that he's referring to one of the things that has been really helpful with my career is AI upscaling so I work with Cody CO as well and uh Curtis Connor those both those guys do reaction content and often the things they're reacting to are Tik Tok or like really lowquality images and so in the past their thumbnails would almost look a little uh kind of low quality because like they're just reacting to this really you know blurry object maybe they even scale up to it or whatever like scale into it there's some tools like uh topaz and another tool that I use called magnific AI which is extremely expensive I don't necessarily want to recommend this to everybody but if it's something that it's $40 a month it's extremely pricey but okay it is but because I'm doing this full-time I'm making you know two to four thumbnails a day and I use it every day it's become you know part of my budget part of my workflow they also have a free trial so if you want to try it out you could try it out but what it does is it uses some of the same technology that you see in mid Journey but it takes like an image that you import into it and it creates AI on top of like from from a pixel for Pixel basis it replicates what it's seeing underneath the AI that makes sense so like when I input it it's going to Output a really sharp crisp representation of what I inputed uh using AI so like if it's somebody that if if I have a photo of a person that's not recognizable it's not a famous person I can just put it in there and it'll spit out a sharper cleaner image essentially uh so I use that all all the time now so that's kind of been my like little secret sauce uh but with Max give us all the secret sauce what other what other AI tools or you know give give us all of it this is awesome I'm loving it the thing that I love to use for mockups uh right now is actually chat GPT 4 with Dolly so dolly is their like version of mid Journey which is an AI art uh creation tool and it's not as advanced as mid Journey it's not even as advanced as some of the other tools that are out there but what is so great about the chat GPT AI art uh creation is that you can talk to it like a human and so I will actually just start talking to it and I'll just say hello my name is David altiser I am a YouTuber who makes content about cameras and I'm doing a review on a new Sony camera that's brand new it does this this and this like I give it all the the context of like what that video is and then you say I want a thumbnail where I'm off center and the camera is focused with leading lines leading into the camera so that the viewer can see that camera and uh like their eyes go to that but I still want to be in the image you know give me a mockup and then it just will spit out a mockup and I'm like okay cool now can we do it a little darker and blah blah blah and so then I'll maybe have four or five mockups of a thumbnail and I could even input like a photo of my face and be like okay here's here's my face make sure that the subject kind of looks like me and so then it'll kind of create you know a subject that sort of looks like that and if you're watching the think media video right now you can see some of the examples that I've done this one specifically is with Hayden hiler Smith he was doing a video where he was talking about a film that he made and he wanted to have kind of like the before and after he wanted to have leading lines going into the center of the frame and we had a bunch of mock-ups and we landed on this one as our format and I was able to take that mockup and basically just plug in the actual assets into that and I didn't really even use any of the AI stuff but it was such a wonderful way to collaborate with AI to spit out something that we wouldn't have even thought of just kind of that collaboration you might hear all the time with Mr Beast and Ryan Tran and many others talking about how you need to have uh YouTuber friends you need to have people to work with and I I don't think this rep uh replaces that but if you are just getting started using this is a great way to collaborate with something it is just a robot but but it's so uh amazing how how how great this is and and just seeing something at least for me I'm such a visual learner when I see something I'm like oh that makes me think of this can you add this to it and then it just does it and I might have again like five or six mockups that I can then show the client we then dial it down to like one or two and then I just use that as a way to kind of get started so that we kind of know where we're going with it I think that's a hard part for a lot of people is they don't know where to start so the fact I mean you're giving away the secrets here which is amazing and I actually I've experimented a little bit with chat gbt 4 but like you're encouraging me to go do that more so this is this is really really cool are there any other prompts that you do because you're really just using this to get ideas right that's the ultimate goal is you're trying to you're trying to spark inspiration on how to actually you know compose and set up the thumbnail is that right correct yeah and and every once in a while I will create backgrounds uh using AI mid journey is better but you know what's funny about mid journey is it's so Advanced uh now that it looks very photo and it starts to do what you were talking about earlier about how like the so many little details that you have to remove so like mid Journey looks so photo real that like I'll receive a background that that looks like a real photo but like there's wires in the background there's like a blue trash can over here and like I need to clean it all up whereas chat chbt is not as advanced so some would argue that it doesn't look as realistic but it's more simple and minimalistic because it's not not as advanced so like I find chat gbt's Dolly image creation definitely good enough for thumbnails if anything I kind of like how simple it is because it usually spits out uh an AI image that's pretty simple and minimalistic and then what I'll do is I'll actually take that Dolly image which again isn't as advanced as what mid Journey does but then I'll input it into magnific which is what I was talking about earlier and it then takes that AI generated image and makes it look photo real so I have this very simple clean AI image that I then input into magnific which then converts it to looking realistic and sharp and then I pull that into Photoshop and use that as an asset that's super cool I love that hey real quick I want to shout out to day sponsor video. video. is a tool where you can upload your long form videos or podcast and it will automatically chop it up for you to repurpose into shorts and clips with customizable animated captions and brand kits my favorite way to use this tool is for finding podcast clips that we can upload to our YouTube channel I simply upload a video and then it breaks down the entire conversation so that I can skim through the topics to find something that would make a great clip this saves me a ton of time so I don't have to rewatch the entire podcast looking for good clips from here all I need to do is edit it how I would like export it and then upload it to our YouTube channel now if you want to give it a try check out the link in the description of this video I do want to talk about what makes a good thumbnail and and uh you know and even people too they might hear this and they assume in order to make good thumbnails they they need AI tools and they need Photoshop and you really don't great a great example is I saw on your just like personal Channel it has like half a million views and it's the 4K forget ssds iPhone 15 Pro records SD cards and the thumbnail is so simple and there's just a little bit of text and did you click the video watch the intro did you see the intro yeah so that's what I was gonna mention too is that's a great example and I'm I'm curious if you if you did this on purpose and if you see other because I noticed Ryan will do this sometimes and other YouTubers but when you click on that video there's a direct payoff because it's actually it looks like a screenshot of the opening frame so tell me is that a strategy that you use and and uh 100% okay yes yeah uh in fact I'd say the the greatest success in that conversation with my work uh is with Max I think the title is I broke in front of the police it's an image of him with a cow with a police officer and then you click the video and right away you're you're confirmed he's literally walking around the Streets of London with a cow with a beer in his hand and it is an immediate payoff and that video I think has like 5 million 6 million views or something like that I also tried it with Curtis Curtis is a different he has a very dedicated very strong following loyal fan base so he could sort of like rant for 2 minutes at the beginning and people will still watch it he'll still get 2 million views even if he took 3 minutes to get to the point but I I have been encouraging him to uh have intros that match the thumbnail or maybe like a teaser at the beginning and he's been seeing success with that as well so yes this is 100% a strategy and one of the things I forgot to bring up when I'm talking to creators is we'll talk about the title we'll talk about the thumbnail and then I'll say Okay now what's your first 5 seconds and like literally that is part of the discussion when we're talking about thumbnails is like making sure those first 5 to 10 seconds have some sort of payoff to the thumbnail because we do live in a unfortunately in a day and age on YouTube where people will maybe put something that would be considered clickbait on the thumbnail and you click it and it's completely different you know it's just it's not what the thumbnail is they were just trying to get you to click on it and so I think simply telling the truth uh goes a long way with all things you know in life uh but in particular with videos if you are really you can kind of enhance the thumbnail make it cleaner make it pop make it look better to like get get somebody's attention but it still needs to have a baseline truth telling aspect to it that you are paying off as quickly as possible especially if you're a a new Creator I think a lot of bigger creators that you may watch you could maybe have an argument with me on it's like well they don't do it it's like well yeah they have 6 million subscribers and they're averaging 1 million views per video if you remember if any of you were Casey neistat fans during the Vlog era did you care what title or thumbnail was on that video no you just clicked it and watched it because you became a fan of Casey iat's daily Vlogs and anytime he would post you would watch it the thumbnail and title was almost irrelevant you know for the most part so I think those are two different models and Curtis definitely has that a little bit too but anyways the intro and the thumbnail need to kind of match in my opinion I think that's kind of a secret uh secret trick that you you can do and I've done it with my own videos like you said that was just a video took me 2 hours to make it but I had that intention of like shooting the thumbnail and I actually edit the thumbnail before I edit my video so when I'm doing my own videos I'll actually get my thumbnail finished before I even start my thumb my my actual Video Edit and then that kind of can almost dictate the video in a way at least the intro yeah that's really good what are other tips you have on clicked composition is King baby so composition is is King for all things when it comes to cinematography when it comes to photography when it comes to Fine Art and the same is true with thumbnails any form of art composition is King you may have heard that in other uh niches can you explain what composition is yes the the easiest way to look at it and again I would recommend everybody go outside of the YouTube box or the YouTube bubble that we live in and and study art study Fine Art study why certain paintings are actually good study why certain films and filmmakers are great at storytelling and I think that's such a great way to have a rich kind of understanding and Baseline of like what actually looks good that's how you develop your taste and that's how you you were asking earlier like you don't want to just copy other YouTubers if you have all these input sources from other uh genres of film making photography and Fine Art those things are going to come into play when you make your thumbnails so that your thumbnails actually look completely unique Technic Tech Al but you're actually pulling from all these other sources anyways the way that I get started and you can download my asset for free plug plug on learn Bo in that Tic Tac Toe grid as its own image in of itself and having an understanding of of image balance is really important too so for example if I had a bunch of the weight of the image I'm saying that in air quotes but if I had like the subject on the right hand side of the image and I had like a car on the right but then there was just a big sky on the left and it was just empty the image would feel lops side it would feel like all the weight of the image is on the right and so you can you want to balance that out almost as if all the objects in your frame are on a scale you balance that out by maybe putting a big piece of text on the left that that can then be a size that sort of matches what's on the right hand side and that starts to balance the frame or you move your subject into the middle you move all the objects on the right and then you have text on the top left or something like that the asset pack that I'm giving away for free too also includes the time code uh in the right scaling and the rounded edges that YouTube has as well so if if you haven't noticed right now YouTube rounds all the corners of your thumbnail on the home screen and on the Subscribe feed and it's different on mobile and it's different on desktop the roundedness is actually more round on a mobile device and it's less round on a desktop the time code is also larger on a phone and the time code is smaller on desktop and what I mean by that is on the bottom right hand side of the thumbnail you'll see the length of the video uh that is always taken into account when I'm making my thumbnails you never want to have text or anything important on that bottom right side so you can basically put text or things top left top right bottom left but never touch the bottom right and I almost treat that time code as part of my composition so if that big chunky 10 minute and 16sec time code is on the bottom right I kind of want to balance that somehow by putting something on the left hand side of that rule of thirds to then balance that time code because again people are are not viewing the thumbnail as just an image especially on a you know 27inch monitor which is what I have at my desk here they're viewing it mostly on a phone and certainly now on TVs as well which has been really exciting as well because of the TV model if your creator or if you're a Creator who has a lot of TV viewership you could have a little bit more detail going on in the image and I've seen that work really well Mark Rober for example has had some successful thumbnails I mean he's very successful in general but he's had some that were very highly detailed but still very simple in idea so I think that's where the confusion can be you you can have detail like if it's a big explosion with like fire and stuff but it's still just an explosion there's not wires there's not different colors mixing and matching but there is details within that so if you're a TV viewer you can do that and we're able to get away with that with the editing podcast for example which has a large TV viewership audience so anyways composition we could go on a tangent with that for a long time I personally really like having the subject on the left hand side of the image because of that time code but I also do a lot where the subject is just dead center with leading lines going into the middle but again do some research outside of YouTube and study composition some of the best painters and some of the best artists in the world have some of the best compositions that you can learn from and I would highly encourage you to go outside of YouTube to learn that to be honest it's funny because I've heard people say the opposite of they enjoy putting or prefer putting the the face on the right hand side like you SE the Mr Beast reacts videos because the time code just kind of covers like maybe like the neck or the shirt or something yeah that works too yeah that totally works I've done that with Curtis just depends but yeah there's never one answer that fits right for every single thumbnail right depending on your audience you know we read left to right so in America and in the English-speaking in most countries read left to right right it just depends on like what you want them to see first so in the Beast reacts you can sort of on your peripheral see that it's Beast so you know exactly what it is it's the same face every time too so like there's nothing there but for Curtis like his audience is so dedicated to Curtis that like I kind of want people to just see Curtis's face first because as soon as they see it they'll probably just click on it but but if he's reacting to something wacky and crazy that is like going to get a a click then maybe I'll put that off to the you know so that's how I'm thinking about it is like what do you want them to see first because we read left to right they may actually see that leftand rule of third first so if it's the game that you want the focus to be on then put that on the left if it's the Creator then put them on the left you know with Cody Co he's always on the left for the most part what what do you think about text on a thumbnail when should people use text or arrows or certain circles elements like that and when should they not text on on a thumbnail so I think you and I would would be in agreeance on keeping things as simple and uh minimal as possible so uh Jerry Seinfeld has this famous quote where he says that when he's writing a joke he takes one word out at a time until the joke doesn't make any sense anymore and then he puts that last word back in so I think that should be the same philosophy when you're creating a thumbnail and especially with text how many words can you remove before it doesn't make sense anymore so like even if you you can just have one word that would be great you know why is a good one with a question mark or how or uh you know those are are good because they can they can play off of whatever title you have to create some sort of open loop that makes people want to click so I would just keep it simple you know find a font that you really like that is clean and bold but maybe even something that that not many creators are using so that you can start to kind of own that font in a way you know tryan has kind of owned that like very simple helvetica font style and many others are are using it I would I would have just encouraged other creators to yeah you can be inspired by tryan but maybe find a different font that looks a little different that way you can start to kind of use that as part of your branding but I would keep it to like a minimum of you know or a maximum of like three to four words if you can again Curtis has done more words because sometimes they'll have like a whole sentence there I don't know if how effective that is to be completely honest it's just what Hees I usually do the whole edit for Curtis and then he'll actually do the text himself because we found we were going back and forth a lot where he'd be like put this no put this move it over to the left I was like how about this I'll just give you the clean image you do the you do the text so that's our working relationship so you can get away with more it just depends on the context but I say good rule of thumb is keep it like under four words and as far as arrows and circles I don't use those as much as I used to I think that might be again it depends dep on the niche I think for you with your basketball stuff like the arrows and circles make a lot of sense cuz you could almost not even have any text it's just pointing to something or circling something so just depends on the niche really but I don't use a lot of arrows in circles one thing too I think most people get wrong in the beginning is they just put the title for text in their thumbnail and what you need to realize is I like to think of my title and my thumbnail as like a union or like a combo punch a com attack and so usually most people look at the thumbnail first it catches their eye and then they read the title which gives more context to what they're looking at and so that's how I kind of like to approach things and I'm curious your thoughts too because we'll see you know people in our community a lot of times are just putting the same exact title in text and if you actually add something that is completely different and can spark curiosity make them look at the image and then when they read the title now they have maybe the context of what they're clicking but how do you is there any you know tips like that on how you approach just that combination yeah I would actually add to that and say that the first 5 to 10 seconds is also part of that same Union because if you if you're successful and having a good title and thumbnail and they're like looking at it on their phone for a second it's going to start autop playing as well and so you've even noticed if you look at even the most recent Mr Beast videos he's removed all of the uh kind of big bold uh text at the beginning where it's like captioning because the autoc captioning kicks in on the autop play and if you have a bunch of text going on on the video with the closed captioning as well it kind of is disorienting so I've even noticed he'll actually turn off the captioning when he does go to the Bold text on the frame and then it'll kick back in when he stops using that so you can actually finagle that and kind of tweak it if you do have text on like embedded in the video itself that being said that's you know that's beast in that style but I would keep all three of those things in mind uh as part of your strategy but um absolutely you don't want to repeat the uh the title in the thumbnail just like if if this is the first time you're hearing that from this point forward don't ever do that like just just don't okay so uh and just like use your imagination on like what I can add to this whether it's a question that you can ask that can play off of that title whether it's um you know how many days you tried it or like I don't know it's just when you're coming up with your titles and thumbnails think about both of them together and when I'm writing out my ideas in Apple notes I'll like I'll type the title out and then in parenthesis I'll put whatever two or three word text that I'm going to put there in like a parenthesis so on the thumbnail so it's like you really want to think of both and it's to be honest I think it takes a lot of courage and a lot of boldness to not put text and I would encourage you to maybe even consider trying that because one of the things that can really make you stand out is by simply doing what everybody else isn't doing and I've seen success on a couple of thumbnails that I've done where it was very focused very simple the one I'm thinking of right now is uh I did a thumbnail for frame Voyager where it was uh Killian Murphy and he was just in the middle uh I had like some Inception stuff going on behind him and I had some cool uh like atomic bomb stuff from Oppenheimer behind him but it was really focused really simple and you could have put text there asking a question but it really would have thrown off the kind of Artistic integrity of it and because his channel is a video essay Channel it works really well for that so I would encourage you to almost like don't use text if you don't have to so good this was a master class on YouTube thumbnails you gave us a all the secrets thanks for coming on David where can people find you and learn more about thumbnails and hang out with you yeah well I started a new channel called learn thumbnails where I'm going to be going over all of these things and more uh some of the work that I've done and and I'm I'm starting that up uh I feel encouraged by uh the support of Nolan and many others so I'm building a whole business around thumbnails and it's all based around learn artists join us every Thursday we have a thing called thumbnail Thursday on Twitter spaces and you can jump in and uh be a part of that conversation we've got some amazing thumbnail artists who work for arak trean many others who are on the speaker panel and we'll we'll talk each week about thumbnails about the work that we're doing and then we open it up to roasting at the end where you we roast your thumbnails and give tips and tricks so follow me on Twitter at DVD altiser

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [23 likes]: What was your biggest takeaway from these thumbnail strategies? Let us know below! ⬇
⭐Reimagine content repurposing and create viral content with vidyo.ai here! ➡ https://vidyo.ai/?via=thinkmedia
  2. @WorkHorse-k5u [1 likes]: this video is only a year old and feels like decades old, nano banana just made everything accessible.
  3. @graveyardwalks: Ugh ai
  4. @madgoatDOTcom: cow is great but what about a goat? lol
  5. @priyagupta5539: Could you please help to clear this  how to design thumbnail  proper text first or image?
  6. @GuardianPsycho: “Yeah I professionally help with thumbnails”

Oh yeah how?

“I tell them to use AI”

😐😐😐
  7. @billwdwc: I really wish every YouTuber would stop using Beast as the almighty one. If your audience is not a 12 year old . You’re not watching beast . So it has no relevance to anyone than want o be Mr beasts
  8. @JFITNESS1: Loved this entire video !
  9. @Hrithik75: Thank you for this knowledge 🙏🏼
  10. @CultofYes: There's so much value in this video. This is a real pro talking
  11. @Username.8.2: All these thumbnail tips, on every channel that ever makes a video like this, are for pretty much the same. Never another niche.
  12. @WiredSoundscape: The  thumbnails you talk about are relate more videos that educate, make people laugh and things like that. How do your tips on thumbnails relate to a YouTuber who is only doing music videos that are meant to listened to, not watched, there is only so much you can show on a video thumbnail.
  13. @Vedranation: the AI for thumbnails tip is extremely undervalued. With Nano Banano 3 Pro you can zero in on a thumbnail much faster. Then you just rebuild it in photoshop.
  14. @YanshYaduvanshi: What is the username of David's YT channel ?
  15. @Infamous_wu13: idk if im weird or not, but i Always go to Thumbnail, then jump down to see Which channel Posted The Video , then Check The Views, Basically a Full Social proof Checklist, Then title, Then Back To Thumbnail, when I'm Doom Scrolling. For Example, i dont Click on a channel With Less than 5k subs and 50k views unless its my only options
  16. @ThumbnailSprint: so supeer
  17. @LezzGames: thanks
  18. @ArabicGrowth: Bro used the first technique he talked about
  19. @AnimeFlunkhouse: Thanks for the advice 🎉
  20. @242Decouverte: I learned a lot with this video. Loved it!

- Thumbnail Price Guide (2025) – What Clients Actually Pay You!: Kind: captions Language: en Listen Thumbnail Desires, if you are also confused about how much should be charged for thumbnail then this video is for you. Look, pricing is not fixed. It depends on the client and YouTube level. If you are a small YouTuber with 1 to 10,000 subscribers, you can charge $5 to $10. But if there is an international client who has $100,000 or 1 million subscribers then the price can easily go up to $20 to $100. It all depends on their content, branding and your experience. Big buyers pay for quality. Because they know that only the thumbnail gets the click. And yes, never sell your work cheap. Clients give you as much value as you give yourself. By the way I have already uploaded videos on this channel. In which I have told how to find clients from Facebook and what is the process of client hunting. Definitely check out those videos. So next time someone asks how much does a thumbnail cost ? So speak confidently. It depends on the client and the value I provide. Tell me in the comments how much you charge for thumbnails.

  Top Comments:
  1. @siuuuuuu-cr-7 [2 likes]: 🎉❤
  2. @muntazir_cr07 [2 likes]: Thumbnail price ❤ 0:23
  3. @muntazir_cr07 [2 likes]: ❤❤❤
  4. @muntazirdezyns [2 likes]: Thumbnail pricing strategy great 👍🏼 1:17
  5. @Learnbymuntazirjd [1 likes]: Guys must join WhatsApp group to learn more about freelancing, online earning and thumbnail designing. 

Link in channel Description 🖇️ 
...
..
.
Thanks Please Subscribe ❤
  6. @KaifDesigner-h7v: 20$

- How YouTubers Make Thumbnails Just Changed Forever ...And It's FREE!: Kind: captions Language: en - As content creators, how we do things is changing faster than it ever has before. From how we would come up with video ideas, to how we write scripts, to how we edit videos, and now, how we make thumbnails is changing forever. And the best part is this change that just happened and how we make thumbnails is completely free for you to do. And I'm not hyping this up, I have to show this to you. The tool is called Nano Banana, and it's from Google. And I'm gonna show you how you can apply it to your thumbnails. And we're starting right now. (text whooshing) So the first thing we're gonna do is you wanna go to Google AI Studio, then we're gonna click on Try Nano Banana. Next, I'm going to grab one of my thumbnail images and I'm just gonna paste it into here. Now, one thing that I've learned so far when using this is that whatever image that you upload into it, it's gonna maintain that aspect ratio, it seems. So if I upload a 16-by-nine image like this, then it's going to maintain that aspect ratio. If I do a nine-by-16 vertical, And the same thing applies when you're loading images into it to combine together. But let's see what we can do. Generate an image of this guy sitting in a coffee shop wearing a black button up dress shirt. The coffee shop in the background should be modern and hip. Let's see how it interprets that. He should be holding a to-go cup of coffee. And I'm gonna come up here and make a small modification to the coffee shop. And I'm gonna add that it should have a relaxing ambience. And instead of the coffee cup, he should be working on a MacBook Pro sitting in front of him. He should be viewed from the front, like the viewer's standing in front of him, and the image should look cinematic and moody. Let's hit Run right down here and see what happens. Wow. Remove the coffee mug, and have him looking at the camera/viewer. Remove the laptop from the table in the background with the two people. Now I'm not sure if this is gonna be specific enough, but we're gonna see. It might remove this one. Huh, it got it. Look at that. So if we zoom in, now it's just two people hanging out back there. I guess they're both looking at a coffee cup. So we're just gonna remove them entirely. Remove the people from the background. Yeah, much better. And look how just moody and all of that, that this looks. Like this is pretty incredible. So now, instead of a black shirt, put him in a gray hoodie. As you can see here, it created the image, it changed the environment that we were in based on our instructions. And all we started with was the basic headshot. Now, before I show you another example, I do wanna let you know that you can add text with this, but right now if you drop it into Photoshop, TubeSpanner, Canva or another thumbnail tool, you can add text to make a thumbnail that would've required a photo shoot in a matter of minutes without leaving your house. Now let's do another example with just a screenshot from a video. guy in a busy subway station waiting for a train. Make the image cinematic and moody, and make sure the guy is close up. He should still be looking at the camera, and he should be wearing a red hoodie. Make the entire scene look realistic. Yeah, this one actually turned out fantastic. Okay, so that turned out really good. I'm happy with that. So now, remove the people from the background. So here just to change the environment and see what we can do, I'm saying instead of a subway, make him standing in a recording studio. Remove the mic stand and headphones, make the entire scene a little more moody. Change his hoodie to black instead of red. Okay, so we're getting there. And we can see after all of these generations, the eyes are changing, just a little bit, but it's still holding the general look together. But it's definitely making some modifications here to the eyes. And just to see how it does with text generation, I'm saying put the word "Nimminati" on the wall behind him, above the window that's behind him. So I'm telling it where to actually place it to see if it'll do it. Okay, now let's see what we can do with this. Change the Nimminati word to a red neon light, and make the rest of the room look like it has some glow from the red light. Also make the guy look backlit from the red light. All right, so that looks a little bit hokey. We've officially gotten off the rails, so we might as well keep going. Give the guy sunglasses, change the text in the background to Nimminati Studios. With this update with the Nimminati Studios, I think that actually looks really cool back there. It definitely looks fake, but I think it did a good job in terms of the text itself and the positioning of the text. I was thinking that it was gonna put the Nimminati on one side and the Studios next to it, so it's all horizontal. But I love how it just took the initiative to stack it like that. Okay, so for fun, we're gonna put an 80s-style thick gold rope chain around the guy's neck, so he looks like a rapper from the 80s. Okay, he's starting to look more separate Not a huge fan of that part. Let's see if we can make it blend. So now I told it, instead of white lights in the ceiling, make them blue with a blue cast, put a treatment over the entire image so everything blends together more naturally and looks realistic. So I guess is like once you have it match all the colors, then, 'cause you can see it's added some blue over here, a little bit of blue cast over there. So all of that is fantastic. Next we're gonna change the white ceiling to darkwood panels with leading lines, so they point towards the neon sign. Let's see if it can do that. Oh, nice. That turned out really cool. As you can see in this example, before we move on, you can literally put yourself into any scenario that you want. And if you combine this with Google's Veo 3, you can also take this image that's just incredible and you can drop this into Veo 3 and you can turn it into a piece of video content that you can also use for B-roll if you want as well. Or you can use the image just by itself and add a little bit of a pan or a little bit of a zoom. That's called the Ken Burns effect. And it's a great way to get the B-roll shots that you need in a pinch. Or you can also use it to modify images that you already have, like in this example. Let's say that you make a thumbnail and as part of your thumbnail design plan, you're gonna use certain colors and it would just look better if you were wearing a different colored shirt. You can tell it to change the T-shirt to whatever color you want. And within seconds, we have a different, realistic looking T-shirt color. So I've been using Photoshop since it first came out. And to make that change of the color on the shirt, that would've taken me at least five to 10 minutes to get everything perfect and balanced and looking right. But now with this, regardless of your skill level, regardless of your understanding of Photoshop, you can get really high quality changes to the things that you need to make the image exactly as you want it for the thumbnails or the B-roll images that you're putting together. Another thing you can do is depending on the type of thumbnails that you make, if you're like, hey, I would really like to use this image again, but I screwed it up because I didn't save the image and I just have the text on there. In that case I'm gonna tell it to remove the YouTube logo and text from this image. And bam, it removed the YouTube logo and the text. It left this little line here that was included in the previous version as well. And it's pretty incredible that it was able to remove the text on that and still maintain this actual line there. Pretty amazing. Another use case for this is if you wanted to A/B test thumbnail colors using YouTube's A/B testing feature. You can simply load up the thumbnail. I'm gonna tell it to change the yellow in this image to light blue and change the shirt color on the guy to a color that's complementary to the background. And just like that, we've changed the colors and I'm gonna tell it to make the background blue darker, but make sure it's still complementary to the orange shirt. So as you can see, we can keep iterating on this until we get what we want. So let's say you're making a video and you have some friends in the video, so you have the screenshot, but you didn't take the right pictures in the right places that you need. One thing that you can do is like in this scenario, I say generate an image of these four guys taking a selfie in front of the DMZ in North Korea. So it did that and it put 'em there, but it looks a little bit wonky. So here I told it to add a color grade to the entire image to make it look realistic like they're really there. So in this situation, we went from this, to this, all in just a few prompts. Again, this tool's called Nano Banana, and you can use it for free right now inside of Google's AI Studio. And to see more videos of AI tools that can help you in other ways, click into this playlist right here. And I'll see you in one of the other videos. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickNimmin [18 likes]: See more AI tools you can use as a YouTuber here - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCU3tjJHOaY&list=PLsDhsOkbwsC7KIlKRrN8KHIR_PXsIb8tx
  2. @dfgvjnkjdsnbkjsbdvjkhdsb [1 likes]: my google ai studio looks completely different... and image generation is not free. askin some api key.  what to do?
  3. @JohanFitFoodie: This is crazy, definitely going to try this on my new video 📸🔥🤯
  4. @KittensLoversHome: Love the video on thumb creation, really helps me out.
  5. @BarbaraStylzNMore: Thanks for sharing
  6. @RT038: thanks I'm paying for this but thanks for the video im using this one to make good thumbnails on my YouTube channel thanks
  7. @ElectricianMusician: Great Video !  Thanks Nick !
  8. @Bananacakesweets: This is my first time subscribing to a channel
And clicking to see all videos from one video. Thank you for great content. Your video quality is so beautiful- what camera do you use for recording this video?
  9. @Faceless_Mailjam: Wow first time seeing
  10. @SirZMediaScience: i'm using dreamina and then photoshop. no actual shooting. just upload my photo as reference to set the scene and put me in the shot, then do the rest with photoshop
  11. @AploPIANO_DIMITRIS_GAZIS: This is awesome dear sir, thanks a lot 🙏‼️ Is there credits limit?
  12. @TheChannelDoctor007: Great Job Nick, that helped a lot..
  13. @alexandersnilsson: Nanao banana keeps fighting me on wanting to do anything with the pictures of me "can't do that"
  14. @bizclips11: Thank you for this video, I thought it's over for me...😢
  15. @MTNProspecting: It doesn't seem to be free anymore ☹
  16. @chevimeza: Can we get a copyright infringement of any kind by using this as thumbnail? maybe if Nano Banana uses a certain typography? for monetized YouTube channel
  17. @CobraAnthony: Is there any thumbnail creators that are not AI?
  18. @Anonymousdimpz: Will this not reduce the quality? The photo quality? Because we are saving to and re uploading it to YouTube thumbnail. With all these changes on nano banana, wouldn’t the quality drop by the time we upload it on to YouTube?
  19. @Vincentm206: Odd, but seeing a FAKE thumbnail has made me NOT watch.  On a subconscious level THE FAKE thumbnail makes me think EVERYTHING about the clip is    F A K E  !!!!!!!
  20. @Nardobullion: Im not having much luck on my end. Is there an app?

- BIG Mistakes SMALL YouTubers STILL MAKE!: Kind: captions Language: en - Welcome, creator, to the big YouTube adventure. The problem is you're doing it all wrong, which is probably why you're getting frustrated already. So, let's bin off some of those rookie YouTube mistakes you're making and point you in the right direction, which is over here. One of the biggest challenges small creators face on YouTube is getting discovered, and to explain what I mean by this, I'm going to use this not so frozen pea. That's you right there, and the only reason you can see it is because I told you where it is. So, at this stage, every single opportunity you have to get discovered on YouTube is crucial. And that, in very basic terms, starts with impressions. Whenever you see the front cover or thumbnail of a video, that counts as an impression, and, obviously, the goal is to convince a viewer, to click on your video amongst all of these competing video thumbnails. Now, unfortunately, for you as a small creator, you have two challenges that you need to overcome. First of all, you've got a YouTube problem. It doesn't have that much data on your channel, and you have no authority in the algorithm. I like to call it the recommendation system. So, YouTube's gonna be pretty stingy when it comes to handing out impressions on your behalf. And then, you've got an audience problem. People don't know who you are and people don't care who you are, because they have no familiarity with your content yet. So, when your thumbnail is put up against another thumbnail from a creator the viewer is already familiar with, then, if they enjoy that content, they're more likely to choose that, because they know what they're getting into. Ultimately, the impression and the click is a journey every viewer must go through to start watching one of your videos, which means it's absolutely crucial to get those two aspects right. And that is the first very common YouTube rookie mistake, not spending long enough on your thumbnail and your title. And I don't want you to feel bad about this, because everybody does it. You put your heart and soul into making the video, and by the time you get to uploading it and thinking about a title and a thumbnail, you're so exhausted that you just whip something together in five minutes and press publish. So, going forward, when it comes to YouTube thumbnails, I want you to apply these two strategies. However long you spend on making your thumbnails, be it five minutes, 10 minutes, an hour, I want you to spend twice as long on the next five thumbnails that you make. And on top of that, however complicated your thumbnail is, I want you to make it half as complicated for the next five thumbnails. There's also a third strategy that you can apply, but I appreciate that, for some of you, that may be a step too far just now, but if you're willing to try it, make the thumbnail and the title before you even start the video, because here's a crazy logic that many of us apply to content creation. The first thing that everybody sees, your title and your thumbnail, is the thing you make last. It doesn't make any sense, does it? And to ensure practice what I preach, this is the title and thumbnail of this video, until I panic and change everything an hour after it goes public. All right then, I've got two fun little games to play with you. You remember that small, not so frozen pea that was representing your channel? It's moved to another part of the frame. Can you find it? Let us know in the comments below. Secondly, and more importantly, we're gonna do a quick thumbnail test. Two thumbnails are gonna appear on screen, and all you need to tell me is which one you would click on and why. Ready? Go. Yeah, I didn't give you along there, did I? But it was still more than enough time to pick a thumbnail, right? That's because studies show users spend on average 1.8 seconds considering each thumbnail on Netflix, and when you factor in that YouTube shows more thumbnails and gives the user even more choice, they're probably spending even less time on each thumbnail, and that's because humans can process images very, very quickly. But the more complex a thumbnail is in terms of colors, elements, objects, and storytelling, the longer it takes to process that image. And once you can explain why you would click on this thumbnail rather than this thumbnail, you can start making better thumbnails yourself. Now then, titles. Usually, once a thumbnail has done enough to grab someone's attention, they will look to the title for more context. The best titles that compliment the thumbnail, rather than repeating them, and they create intrigue. In order to demonstrate what I mean, I'm going to use the most clicked on thumbnail we've published on the vidIQ channel in the last couple of months. This thumbnail is pretty simple and emotionally evocative, but what takes it to the next level of intrigue is the title. It defines a target audience, new or small channels, with an enticing mystery. Is this YouTube gifting 50 free subscribers to everybody, or something I can do when I hit 50 subscribers? Regardless, I either have 50 subscribers or I'm close to that target. I need to find out what this is all about. Of course, if you do want to find out what this video is all about, then I'm afraid you'll have to go and watch it. I ain't telling you. But what I will tell you is the click-through rate. I am going through an experiment right now of tracking the fine detail of video performance, and I'm recording the click-through rate of my videos in the first 1, 3, 6, 12, and 24 hours of a video's lifecycle. Now, am I telling you that 13.8% click through rate after the first hour and 7% after 24 hours is a good number? No, not in a slightest. What I am telling you is that these numbers are great for our channel. That's another rookie mistake that so many creators make, searching for that golden analytical number that doesn't exist. And you don't have to go into the same insane detail I have on the vidIQ channel. Just use this panel on the YouTube Studio dashboard, and it will show you if your titles and thumbnails are getting better. Now, for all of you pea-hunting enthusiasts, never thought I'd say that in a vidIQ video, it's moved again. For all of you YouTube rookies looking for guidance, let's carry on, because we need to know what happens next, beyond the thumbnail and title. And it's pretty obvious, actually. People will start watching your video. And the key word in that sentence is start watching the video, because, let's be honest, hardly anybody finishes watching the video. In fact, you lose tons of viewers in the first few seconds. It's pretty demoralizing if just 3% of those who click on your video get through to the end, right? But that's not what you should be worrying about until you fix this, the first 30 seconds of your video, the dreaded hockey stick decline in viewers. The more viewers who leave at the start of a video, the greater the disconnect between what was promised in the thumbnail and title and what was delivered at the beginning of a video. Now, there are three main rookie mistake reasons as to why this happens. First, we have branded intros. Come on, come on, come on. They just stop everything dead. I know they look fancy. I know they can be very short, but let me ask you this. How often do you pay attention to a video intro on a channel after you've seen it once? It's just another barrier to the value of the content, and recently, I proved just how damaging a video intro can be, even if it's two seconds long, so make sure to check out a video if you want. Secondly, after the branded intro, we have the channel intro. This is where the creator introduces themselves, the channel, what they generally do on the channel, and why you should subscribe to it. The problem is the video hasn't justified any reason why the viewers should do that yet. So, to begin with, always start off strongly by delivering some of the promise made in the thumbnail and the title. If you wanted to introduce yourself properly, you can do that one or two minutes in, once the viewer has got value and they've settled into the content a little bit more. And finally, the beginning of a video just doesn't give enough reasons to the viewer to stick around until the end. This can be done by teasing a climactic moment in the video that's going to be paid off much later, or showing the final finished product of something that you will get to if you continue watching the video, or having a secondary hook, like this tiny, shriveled up pea. And granted, I know that was a pretty weak one, but I'm still playing around with the secondary hooks. Now, I don't know if you've noticed this, but there has been a theme throughout these rookie mistakes to encourage you to do something, and that is to front load your creative efforts. We all have a finite amount of time, energy, and resources, so let me explain it like this. Start spending 50% or more of your time, energy, and resources on your thumbnail, title, and the beginning of your video, the first 30 seconds to a minute. Those are the things that have the biggest impact on the success of a video, and once you figure out them, you can get onto the other stuff. As for other rookie mistakes, well, there is one monumental subscriber error that almost every single creator commits, and if you want to know what that is, start watching right now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [917 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @TheBuddieBear [1 likes]: Just started my Youtube Journey 😊
  3. @DREAMwonderer [1 likes]: Well this is probably the end of my career like It doesnt really matter anymore. I made shorts and vids with blood sweat and tears, 5 hours a day. For what... 6 subs and less than 500 views. for nearly 2 years. Ye i quit 💀🥀
  4. @StoryIsLive09 [1 likes]: I got it, thanks
  5. @fatsofakitty [1 likes]: Thank you that helps my YouTube channel a lot (:
  6. @Kynetro-uh2 [1 likes]: My dream is to get the 100k button
  7. @BluedevilALT: Got recommended in 2026 😂😂😂😂
  8. @legendart711: I will never give up , i will never 🥹
  9. @Makingmusic27: I started YouTube 1 month ago I got 18 subs and 44 videos
  10. @lotus14_5: 6:11 its on top of the third playbutton
  11. @lotus14_5: the frozen pea if ur wondering is under the 1000000 srceen
ur welcome:)
  12. @ItzNinasChannel: 4:15 I chose A
  13. @mihlenqeto6742: I got 1 subscribers 😢 1:30
  14. @Rubberduckyrants: .
  15. @ChasenReallyRunsIt: Can you guys give me tips on how to make my videos better?
  16. @Idrawandplay: I have more than 100 views on Videos That I make🙄
  17. @DivingintheDetails: The pea is next to the subscriber count(?) display.
  18. @OpenGL_Software: I've Pushing For 12 Years Now I Actually Got A Pretty good Following And Viewing Without these
  19. @HomeCats10: I don't know if I should keep going 😞 I put a lot into my videos 😞
  20. @Miketruckspotting85: Thank you 🙏🏻 I'll keep on trying.had resorted to shorts as I couldn't edit.but have finally learned how 😂

- 5 THUMBNAIL MISTAKES TO AVOID AS A NEW YOUTUBER (MUST WATCH for Beginners): Kind: captions Language: en what's up fam and welcome back to my channel the best place to help you get started building your business and brand online and today we are talking you got it YouTube thumbnail mistakes now more specifically the top 5 most common that are keeping people from clicking on your videos and I don't know if you know this but if you don't you need two thumbnails are super important and one of the biggest factors on whether or not somebody actually clicks to watch your video and if they ain't clicking then you ain't growing so if you're excited to learn what these mistakes are hit that thumbs up subscribe if you haven't already hit the bell and keep on watching be sure that you're sticking with me through the end of the video because I am gonna be giving you a couple of pro tips that you're not gonna want to miss out so with that being said let's go ahead hop into mistake number 1 which is not planning at all now I was the epitome of making all of these mistakes and I didn't plan so number 1 you're either not thinking about your thumbnail at all or you may be thinking about it but it's not really that big of a deal and so you're just slapping something up and it's costing you so instead what I want you to do is I want you to add this to your process just like you plan for your content so when you're mapping out your content you're thinking about your title your thumbnail should absolutely be a part of that planning process how many mistake number two is you are using a still image from the video itself and just so you know these images are not good okay most of the time they are very awkward they're not as good quality or maybe you're moving and so your hands like I'll blur and it's just it's not good don't do it so when you're adding this in on the day that you record so you're going to start planning from here on out I want you to take a point or two make a point to actually take some images after you record your video you can do it before you can do it after just think about like what type of a motion that you want to convey and that way snap several different pictures and so when you go to create that YouTube thumbnail you've got several different images to work with and you aren't having to go back to the drawing board the third most common mistake that I not only made myself for a long time but I see other people making it too and that is too much text on the thumbnail itself the reality is most people the majority of people are not sitting here watching YouTube on their TVs they're generally watching it from their phone and so you have to take that into consideration when you're when people are actually scrolling through if you're using too much text it makes it way harder to read which is gonna lower the chances of you actually getting a click when it comes to how many words I would say four to five words or less as a few words as possible that way you can make the font bigger the size of the font bigger and it's gonna stand out now when it comes to text on your pictures there's a couple of things that you can do and what we're about to do I'm going to take you over on my laptop and I'm going to show you several different examples of this that way you not only are hearing it but you're actually seeing it in action as well but there's two ways that you can do text on your image the first is to simply restate some version of the title and the second is to tease the title and create some type of curiosity so let's hop on my computer and show you what I'm talking about right so we're over here on my YouTube channel I've got several different kind of channels pulled up but I wanted to kind of give you a visual of what I mean by restating your title and your thumbnail or creating some curiosity and I've got some different channels pulled up from different niches to kind of show you some examples so let's say if you're looking at saying this particular video top Facebook mistakes that lower engagement of course on the thumbnail I just put what lowers engagement so that is me restating the title when I did this video on Facebook algorithm explained again I'm just algorithm explained so as few words as possible and this is just restating the title and I'm noticing a lot of times like if you look over here at Heidi summers she'll restates her title as well and she's in the health and wellness so like this when my full house tour of course her done now it's just a home tour or full day of eating you know what I eat in a day that's basically kind of just a restate if we look over here let's say the Nestle owl she's one she's kind of blown up on YouTube over the past year and she uses a lot of this as well so my end my Instagram strategy for 2020 exposed so her thumbnail is just Instagram strategy at 2020 so I kind of feel like right now you're kind of getting the the picture on that and so the next type of thumbnail is what I was talking about where you can kind of use and create some curiosity with it so for example if we look at this video that I did how to grow with zero views and zero subscribers and the thumbnail I just put YouTube but growth secret so that would be kind of like teasing creating some curiosity in it if we look over here and let's say Rachel Hollis so this is a good example she did a video where it was the best way to start the new year in 2020 and so her thumbnail it says I hope you fell that isn't really creating some curiosity where you're like wanting to click on it just to hear or what she says of course because it's like I hope you felt that's kind of weird so that is a different way of creating some curiosity again he keep keeping it to a minimal amount of words on there Evan Carmichael another huge youtuber over 2 million subscribers he's really good at creating the curiosity and not reiterating the title so for instance you know 7 best lessons from Elon Musk and he has all of these Warren Buffett and others and then the thumbnail is this is what the 1% do so that again is creating a curiosity if you look is this the worst or best advice ever and then the thumbnail is are you making a huge mistake so again that is another example of creating curiosity that isn't just restating what the title already says now another quick little pro tip when it comes to text since we're already on this topic is I also wanted to give you a pro tip when you're using text on your images you really want to steer clear and keep the text on the left side of the image and this is a mess take that I made a lot when I first started and that's because generally there's gonna be tight like there's the time there's stuff on the lower right-hand corner of the thumbnail and so if you look right here this is a prime example of me making this mistake when I talked about binder organization the clock the timer like half the length of the video is actually covering up part of the text the same thing on this which is best time of the videos covering it up and I did this a lot for some reason I was keeping my text in on the right hand side so I would definitely suggest keeping your text whatever text you do you either want to keep it on the left-hand side of your thumbnail or in the upper right hand corner now let's move on it's a mistake number 4 common mistake number 4 using fancy fonts and yeah I mean they look cute and I loved using those cute little fancy fonts myself but in reality again they just make it harder to read so instead what you want to do is go for more like bold or larger fonts I'm personally a huge fan of hell up hella vodka how about a kiss I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing that right but again it's a bolder bigger font easy to read and once you do find a file an extra pro tip is to try to keep it congruent throughout your thumbnails mistake number 5 has to do with using your own picture on your thumbnails now I'm gonna give you some do's I'm gonna give you some dump one thing that I did for a long time that I shouldn't have done is use the same picture like I found a really good picture of that I thought that it was of me smiling and I would use that same picture like over and over and my thumbnails and I would advise against that I would change it up again in the planning process take a picture of you for your thumbnails and different images and that way you've kind of got a variety I would also try to do some type of emotions a lot of research that I've done on YouTube thumbnails and I have watched a ton of videos from top creators giving tips on how to get more clicks when it comes to your thumbnail is that a lot of them have the same advice and that is use some type of emotion so think about like what emotion that you want to convey to bring people into your video so is it you know do you want to use some type of surprise or do you want to use anger disgust or sadness or a shocked face or whatever type of emotion that you want to convey and I would have that be a picture of you an up close picture I would also recommend that it's of your waist up I would not recommend doing any type of like full-on body shot there is an exception of this which is going to come up in my pro tips here in just a minute but generally speaking an up close picture of you using some type of emotion and I would also make sure the picture is bright I would stay away from darker images they just don't seem to perform as well when it comes to thumbnails I also want to add that I used to get really caught up in trying to find like the perfect background to take my pictures when now in reality you can use simple software's like canva that now has a background remover so most of the time I'm taking a picture of me in my office and then I'm going to canva and when I go to create the thumbnail I can simply remove the background that's something that they recently added to one of the updates here in 2020 I know there's also other apps that you can use and you can go in and remove the background or you can go to somewhere like fiber fiv er are calm you can go to Fiverr have them remove the background I find that cameras the fastest most simplest way to do it I also want to give you a few pro tips that I want you to consider when it comes to upping your thumbnail game now I do have my note so if you see me looking down you know why the first pro tip that I have for you is to study other influencers in your specific industry in your niche and look for common things for instant my industry the niche that I'm in is entrepreneurship and getting started when it comes to building a business and branding and marketing and things like that the theme and what I do on my thumbnail is going to be a little bit different if you're somebody who you're in health and wellness so if you look at the example that I gave earlier when I showed Heidi summers different thumbnails a lot of people in the health and wellness industry depending on the types of content that they're talking about they may show full body shots as to where somebody like me or you're in you know if you're branding yourself or your niching down when it comes to hair you know you're gonna want those up-close shots so pay attention study different influencers people who have a higher like a bigger audience over on YouTube and look for things so just something to keep in mind which brings me to pro tip number two when you are looking at those different influencers go to their videos and I want you to search for their most popular videos on their Channel and study those particular thumbnails these are videos that have gotten them a lot of views and help them grow their channel so take that as like a hint studying those thumbnails also study those titles that's definitely what I do when it comes to looking at the most viewed video generally when it comes to a higher click-through right people clicking on the video it has to do with either your title or your thumbnail just make a point to check those out look for some common themes and figure out what you can actually incorporate into your own channel into your own thumbnails into your own titles etc the third thing that I want you to pay attention to is looking at your analytics this isn't very very important for you to know whether your thumbnail is actually performing or whether it's not now if you missed last week's video or the last video that I put up it was all about understanding and like looking at your YouTube analytics so I'm not gonna go like too deep or show you a screenshot of that you can check out that video I'll post it below and also down below in the description but if you go to those YouTube analytics and you're looking specifically at your click-through rate this is how many people what percentage of people are seeing your video seeing your thumbnail and actually clicking on it the average is 2 to 10 percent you want to kind of shoot for the higher and of course so if you've got a lower click-through rate than normal on a particular video pay attention to that and see which videos have the higher click-through rate study those thumbnails and continue to do more of the ones that are getting you the higher clicks the more clicks the fourth thing that I want you to pay attention to and avoid is colors like pay attention to the colors of your font up against like the backgrounds that you're using one thing that I did when looking back at some of my videos is I was using a lighter background and a lighter font color which was making it kind of blend in and it was harder to stand out like the thumbnail wasn't standing out at all so just keep that in mind as you're creating make sure that the the fights that you're using the color of those fights aren't blending into your background you want to make it pop you want to make it stand out if you got some value from today's video be sure to give it a thumbs up and if you haven't already subscribe and hit the bell why should of the day because as always I want to hear from you and I want to know when it comes to you browsing and looking at videos on YouTube what are some things that get you to actually click on videos what are some things that really stand out to you let's continue the conversation and down below while you wait on the next video be sure to check out all those other two videos that are popping up on the screen it will help you when it comes to getting started on YouTube but growing your channel got a lot some goodies for you that the inset I hope you have the most productive day the most productive a week and I'll see you back here in the next one bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sherribrowncoaching: When it comes to Thumbnails, what stands out to you and gets you clicking?
  2. @غيرنفسك-ب2ن: Goooooo on, I'm a big fan of u from Egypt.
  3. @AldeansOCFan: Those Mason earrings are getting my full attention 😉
  4. @tonynguyen3243: nice video, do you have video about how to grow subscriber,

- 10 Thumbnail MISTAKES That Ruin Small Channels.: Kind: captions Language: en are you making these 10 thumbnail mistakes that new creators often make let's find out mistake number one is using a blank stale color for the background of your thumbnail i've seen this time and time again a simple way you can combat this is using a gradient so basically that's a mix of two colors one is lighter one is darker you can actually do these in canva for free and design these gradients you'll literally go from something like this to something like this mistake number two is making your text a color now most of the reading we do on the internet it's either the text is white or the text is black not all these different colored things so when you do that with your thumbnails it just doesn't look professional especially if you don't know what you're doing and you're not a designer so as you're getting started making thumbnails just use white text or black text because it's a lot clearer and easy for people to read mistake number three is using cursive style writing slash bad fonts now please don't hate on me i was born in 1996 which makes me like a millennial but also makes me like a gen zer and cursive is really hard for me to read and i'm sure it's hard for a lot of other people to read when you use those types of fonts it's not very clear we're trying to communicate a clear message so don't use those cursive fonts i'm sure i'm not the only person who has trouble reading cursive writing mistake number four is having nothing behind white text let me show you some examples here so you'll notice on top there's text without anything behind it and then the next three you got shadow you've got a black outline and you just have a black background those three actually stand out more compared to the one with nothing behind it depending where that text is sitting it might not even be visible because there's nothing behind it so always make sure at least have shadow a black outline or at least a black background to help stand out from the background and people can actually read your text number five is that there's too much going on in your thumbnails you have text here you've got elements and stickers here you've got this that and the other your thumbnail should really only send one message to someone so using these ascend look at this this is really interesting it should provoke your curiosity and you should click because of it or number two there is value in this video and you can tell because it's gonna solve this pain point or it's gonna benefit you this way or it's gonna help you reach this end goal number six is unnecessary information again we want our thumbnails to be super simple so if you have too much in there there's too much for our eyes to look at simple is actually better with thumbnails so don't just throw a bunch of stuff on there for the sake of it being a very you know complex thumbnail and that'll cause people to click no simple is better just communicate a message to me and skip the complexity number seven is repeating the title word for word in your thumbnail your title's on the side we can read it you don't need to repeat it word for word in the thumbnail i would say for like max for text in your thumbnail you'd only want like three four words max in your thumbnail so that way it is a quick communication someone can glance they can read it they can understand and also look at the title to get further context and then they can decide if they're going to click or not but don't over complicate it don't shove a ton of text in there no one's going to read it all mistake number eight is not looking at your competitors okay they're in the same niche as you they've grown an audience a big audience potentially they've already gone through all the work of figuring out which thumbnails works for that audience so you can look at your competitors who have the same audience as you and get inspiration from their thumbnails chances are they know what's working and have already made all the mistakes years ago that you can just skip past and get inspiration from them mistake number nine is not comparing your thumbnail to others in that topic section so once you have designed that thumbnail whatever you're making the title of your video or the topic of your video on search for that on youtube look at those thumbnails and then what you're going to do is screenshot those thumbnails just throw it into canva then add your thumbnail over the top of other competitors and see how your thumbnail compares to theirs would you actually click on your video over theirs or is yours look like a rookie thumbnail compared to theirs looking well designed based on that you can see oh my thumbnail really blends in next to theirs i should change the color of the background to make it stand out more and by doing that you can make a better thumbnail than someone else's by strategically comparing yours to the other ones that are me right next to you either in the suggested tab or in the search results number 10 is not paying attention to the click-through rate in your youtube analytics now once you've designed that thumbnail and you upload it and you've followed all these steps you need to watch your analytics and see if people are actually clicking you might think it's a good thumbnail but doesn't matter what you think it matters what your audience thinks and the people who are actually seeing your thumbnail on youtube if you get a click-through rate anywhere from five percent to 20 percent it's usually a really good click-through rate uh but you'll also have to take a look at your impressions because you want high impressions high click-through rate that's a sign of a very good thumbnail and you shouldn't touch anything so maybe give your thumbnail a few weeks see how it does and if it's not performing update that thumbnail to try and get that video to take off more you already put in hours of work into the video let's make sure it takes off by making the best thumbnail possible so we can get people to click on our videos speaking of which i actually have a bonus for you i've designed 20 thumbnail templates within canva that you can use for free for making awesome thumbnails just click the link down below enter your email i'll send you a link all you have to do is sign into ganva through that link it'll add the templates into canva and you can use them however you want and i use these same templates all the time in my thumbnails so definitely recommended and if you're looking for more content to watch be sure to check this playlist right here of all my youtube tips so that way you can grow your channel scale your audience and hopefully make money doing something you love so check out that playlist and i'll see you guys later

  Top Comments:
  1. @CollinMichael [11 likes]: How To Get More Views On YouTube: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLkN3UCupkHPf--3KBnZVXTaSh2vSyFMLH
  2. @CreativeThinking52 [2 likes]: Fantastic video. Thanks for sharing your knowledge. Have a great day.👍📝
  3. @chansaJrcomedy.7 [1 likes]: How can I create a bullet hit on the body using capcut
  4. @amazingsportsworld: excellent recommendations.
  5. @Sheishottieee: Very helpful
  6. @DavidMensah-th2jc: Thanks
  7. @Hassan-b5r: Bro he’s the BEST!!!!
  8. @J40fitness: This is very educative
  9. @evelinetjongarero4576: Our competitors are using 50 different colors on a thumbnail😭😭
  10. @ebierea: Thanks this so helpful
  11. @Fola-YT: Now my videos will be so cool❤ tysm
  12. @chubberfrog: i love youre advice now i can start my channel im def subing
  13. @CelebrityVill: I made all the mistakes 😂😂😂
  14. @Itzbellkat.ৎ: Mine was like to small I can’t read cursive and I will try that more and the others
  15. @faithoma28: Thank you very much for the thumbnail templates, I'm a new YouTuber and I'm  looking forward to learning alot from you .
  16. @YOUNGANDNEWMOMSINMOTHERHOOD: Thanks alot for the information, am definitely learning from you, simple and clear instructions
  17. @noradelatorre-realestate2573: Thank you so much Collin I love to see your videos. You make it so easy to understand the step by step. Hey can you forward me the video on how I can add stickers and sound to my videos on capcut. Thanks
  18. @ConspiraTea: I switched to black and white text with my thumbnails from color and they did awesome!
  19. @classicjose8456: Amazing advice, thank you 🙏🏼
  20. @jeffreyhilbourn209: Very good video s

- 5 Thumbnail Design Mistakes Most Beginner YouTube Creators Make (and what to do instead): Kind: captions Language: en you already know that thumbnails are important to increase the number of clicks on your youtube videos in fact the two most important elements to get more clicks on your youtube videos are your titles and your thumbnails now i already just recently did a video on how to write more clickable titles so i will link to that in the description below watch it together with this video which is all about thumbnail do's and don'ts and use these two videos together in conjunction to increase your click-through rate which is going to get you more views on your youtube videos so inside this video i'm going to be talking about five thumbnail do's and don'ts that you should be doing when you are thinking about designing your thumbnails and do not worry about whether you are a designer or not i am not and you can learn all of these simple tricks even if you are not a designer so are you ready hey go-getter i'm salma jafri and on this channel i'm gonna help you increase your visibility credibility and profitability with youtube so if you are interested in that then be sure to click the red subscribe button and the bell icon and let's begin now thumbnails are kind of like a minefield if you are using a generic software like canva let's say and you go and look at the youtube template designs for thumbnails uh um those are not the things that you should be copying as is because oftentimes even though these templates get the dimensions right for the thumbnails so yes you can use the exact dimensions but the elements inside it are not really very specific to how youtube thumbnails work and the reason i say that is because they're very specific do's and don'ts for youtube thumbnails in fact they're they are so specific that sometimes things that work on a youtube thumbnail are not going to work like on on an instagram post or on a facebook cover video even right so they're very very specific to the youtube audience and what that audience expects to see on youtube so let's get into the five do's and also the don'ts of how to create clickable youtube thumbnails the first don't which is the mistake that i see people making is that they do not use high contrast colors so the thumbnail bleeds into each other the font is dark and the background is dark so you cannot read it right that's an example of a low contrast color also a light colored font on a light colored background again not readable so you want to use high contrast colors high contrast colors are on the opposite end of the color wheel typically although that's you don't always have to do that but high contrast colors are typically light versus dark bright versus pastel right so you want to look at a color wheel and pick colors from the opposite generally from the opposite end and make them high contrast and of course you can get data on what color combinations work best in fact i'd refer you to canvas color guide to do that and get some idea about what font and color and background combinations are recommended and what actually work together so if you're not a designer get some help on using color combinations that have been proven to work but make sure that your thumbnails are high contrast the second most common mistake i see people making is putting too many words on their thumbnails now the first thing i want to say about words on thumbnails is that if you can actually make a thumbnail without any text on it that would be amazing because the thumbnail can then go together with your title and kind of paint a visual picture whereas your title page pastes that piece where's your title forms the textual picture and so they can kind of come together and tell your viewer what your video is about this works especially well in industries where visuals are important traveling photography cooking crafting so you can actually show the end product make sure you show a beautiful image of that beautiful dish that you've cooked or that beautiful sweater that you've knitted or this beautiful place that you're visiting because visuals beautiful visuals um what's that saying they're worth a thousand words yeah okay you get the idea right or you get the picture now if you must use text on your video titles like i do right the rule of thumb is three to five words max so you do not want to use more than three or five words on your youtube thumbnails and you also don't want to make them really teeny tiny or very small which we'll talk about in the next do's and don'ts so bear with me here but you want to make them large enough i typically recommend at least bigger than 30 points so when you're looking at font sizes bigger than 30 points typically a lot bigger and when you have only three to five words you have more room to play around on your thumbnail you know size and then you can actually create these three to five words in a more readable friendly format the third mistake i see people make is designing their thumbnails on a nice large big screen and forgetting that your youtube audience is probably on their phones and they're probably seeing your thumbnail in like a teeny tiny little form okay so the trick that i recommend for creating your thumbnails is okay fine go ahead and create it in that big screen but then size it down to about 20 or so and see if it still makes sense in that smaller format so the mistake is that people are not designing for a mobile friendly format and what you want to do is make sure that you are designing thumbnails for a mobile-friendly format because let's just face it most people are watching youtube on their cell phones truth so you want to size down your your actual thumbnail into that smaller percentage no matter what program you are using to create thumbnails and then what the thing that you're looking for is you want to make sure that the picture is easy to see the any text that you have on your thumbnail is easy to read if it is not cut it out so many people have a problem with cutting text out and they want these branded elements and they want their name or the name of their show unnecessary just stick to three to five words that describe the content of your video and cut out ruthlessly cut out any other irrelevant text you do not need your channel name you do not need your show's name you do not need to add in all this extra bit of episode number this that or the other no be ruthless all right so the fourth mistake that i see people making is to not choose an image that does the talking for you people will choose an image that just is hard to comprehend it's too small it doesn't show let's take yoga as an example okay so when you are creating a youtube channel thumbnail or youtube video thumbnail and you want to show a specific yoga pose what is the most important thing here is it the scenery no is it the background no is it the yoga pose yes if that isn't coming through loud and clear your thumbnail is not going to work simple as that make sure that the subject of your video is the subject of your thumbnail and highlight that everything else falls away everything else is inconsequential everything else noise it's a distraction make sure that the topic of your video is the thing that is the focus of your thumbnail picture make it the focus make it bigger make it obvious make it very very clear and anytime you're thinking about you know designing a thumbnail clarity wins over cuteness so don't try to be cute don't try to use slang don't try to be clever try to be clear as possible clarity is always going to win you the click over any of the other superfluous details and the final test that you want to do with your thumbnails and the biggest mistake i see people making is to not use the three second rule which is also called the blink test okay so here's how it works you look at your thumbnail or you ask a friend or a colleague or somebody in your house to take a look at your thumbnail for three seconds so they blink they look and then they turn away and you ask them okay what was that thumbnail about okay so in three seconds if they do not get the gist of your thumbnail and what your thumbnail is about fail so you go back to the drawing board you wanna be able to have your thumbnail past the three second blink test three seconds look blink away and then you should be able to tell what your thumbnail is about almost instantly because that's how you want uh thumbnails to work because that's typically the viewing behavior of your audience they are scrolling through content really really fast they barely give it a few seconds to decide whether they want to click on this thumbnail or not and so you want to put your thumbnail through the three second test to mimic the behavior of your actual viewers which of these thumbnail do's and don'ts was the most eye-opening one for you and the one that you're going to implement in your next youtube thumbnail let me know in the comments below and then go and watch this video next on my ultimate custom thumbnail design tutorial which you want to follow to the letter to design an amazing youtube thumbnail i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @SalmaJafri [5 likes]: Which thumbnail design tip was most valuable for you? Watch this playlist to create clickable thumbnails: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLI4QZo-tKNxu9utrdCDoli9h6p814o_Wi
  2. @spiritual005 [2 likes]: Mistake 1# not using high contrast colors.
Mistake 2# too many words on thumbnails.
Mistake 3# not designing for mobile viewing .
Mistake 4# not choosing the right image .
Mistake 5# not using the 3 second rule .
thanks so much Salma , great tips .
  3. @LeonysDailyBlessings888 [1 likes]: I have All the mistakes! 😂🤣😂 but I am changing it NOW.. Thanks for the tips❤️
  4. @BracketReviews [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing this. 

I am aware of the blink but mine is 5 secs. Always show my Brother before posting. But the canva colour wheel is new to me entirely. Canva... Here I come.

 Thank you very much, Salma.
  5. @ariahayas [1 likes]: These are great tips, thank you! Will be implementing this!
  6. @chailattenebula: As someone wanting to try to make more content (playing video games) for my Youtube channel, this was extremely useful information. Thank you!
  7. @KariCordier: I’m going to get on it girl! Such great advice. Working on this asap! Thank you 🙏🏼
  8. @niceday2078: Thank you very helpful...love yahhh
  9. @Sundayschoolnetwork: Excellent advice! I've been reworking my thumbnails...got a ways to go.
  10. @dr.richardamaral-psychology: Great video, Salma. This is really helpful for me. Keep it up!!!
  11. @CandidlySharonH: I’ve never heard of the 3 second rule, thank you for sharing this Salma! 

I always feel a bit daft when it comes to the picture depiction for my topics though admittedly! 

My thumbnail CTR has been varying from 29-34% per video recently..

 But I’ve tweaked them 4 times from my initial design.. 

Another wonderful video beautiful 💎💕
  12. @awake2joy193: Size of fonts was valuable.
  13. @artwithmycoffee: Excellent stuff here! All very helpful. I like 3 second test myself 👍.
Thanks to much for sharing
  14. @YveBelize: Clarity and the three second test
  15. @YveBelize: Here to learn, great advice.
  16. @deepakpurohit5025: Just look at the quality of the videos and the channel...damn, I am now wondering how I didn't knew about this channel, just subscribed hope so I'll learn many things through your videos, keep up the good work👍
  17. @ajalahupfront: My last thumbnail didn't have any text. This video made me feel good about it. Just a picture of me and a bra. Since the video is about boobs.
  18. @CurriesWithBumbi: Thanks for all your advice Salmaji. I will never ever forget that you visited my channel when I barely had 300 subscribers. Just to let you know that now I am on 15800 subscribers. I do not have words enough to thank you for all your advice and suggestions. Love you so much Salmaji. May God bless you with all the happiness of this world.
  19. @Sim0nTrains: Great video, will admit that I do put my logo on the thumbnail so after hearing to ruthlessly cut it out, going to give that a good try 👍🏻
  20. @faithfullynatural: I always make it to the end of your videos, you are straight to the point and informative!!

- The Fastest Way to Make Viral Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en If you're still spending hours making YouTube thumbnails, this is going to change everything. Visual Kit is an AI powered thumbnail generator that creates professional thumbnails in seconds, not hours. But here's what makes it different from every other tool. It's actually built for YouTube creators. Let me show you exactly how it works and why this might be the best $30 you spend on your channel this month. Let's start creating. First, let's talk about why most creators struggle with thumbnails. You've got your YouTube analytics open. You see videos with thousands of views and videos with barely 50. The difference almost always the thumbnail. YouTube's own data shows your thumbnail accounts for up to 90% of whether someone clicks. But making good thumbnails takes forever. Option one, Photoshop. Professional results. But there's a problem. It takes 30 minutes to 2 hours per thumbnail, and you need design skills most creators don't have. Option two, Canva. Easier than Photoshop. But look at these templates. Everyone uses the same ones. Your thumbnail ends up looking exactly like every other small channel. Generic templates, overused fonts, and stock photos that scream 2015. This is where Visual Kit comes in. Let me show you the difference. Here's the Visual Kit creation interface. This is where the magic happens. First, you choose your category. Business and education, tech tutorials, gaming, lifestyle, fitness, or even custom if you want full control. These aren't just labels. Each category uses templates specifically optimized for that niche. Next, aspect ratio. 16x9 for standard YouTube thumbnails or 9x6 for shorts. Now, here's where it gets interesting. Visual Kit has hundreds of professional templates. These aren't generic Canva templates everyone's seen before. These are highquality databacked designs that actually stop the scroll. You can use these as is or as a starting point for your own designs. Here's a game changer for faceless channels. A eye persona. You can create a consistent character that appears in all your thumbnails, giving your brand a recognizable face without ever showing yours. Or if you have your own face, you can easily swap it into any template. Consistent branding, zero photo shoots. You can upload your own photos, your face, team members, anyone you want featured in the thumbnail, or choose scene only if you want a thumbnail with no people at all. Perfect for tutorial channels, explainer videos, or minimalist designs. The reference images section lets you upload anything you want included. Products, logos, screenshots, whatever your thumbnail needs. Add your text here. The AI will use this exact text on your thumbnail or leave it empty if you want a text design. This is where you describe how you want your thumbnail to look. You can write it yourself, get chat GPT to help, or just click improve my prompt and let Visual Kit optimize it for you. The AI understands what makes thumbnails work on YouTube. Now we click create. The AI goes to work. This usually takes about 10 to 20 seconds. And here's your thumbnail. Professional quality, ready to download and upload to YouTube. One click to download or generate again with the same inputs but different variations. Choose your quality level and how many thumbnails you want. The boost clicks feature analyzes your thumbnail and suggests improvements. We'll skip this for now. Now, here's my favorite feature, real time editing. An edit panel appears where you describe the changes you want. Let's say I want to make the characters hoodie blue. I just type it in natural language. No complex tools, no Photoshop skills needed. Click apply edit. This usually takes 10 to 20 seconds. And there it is. The hoodie is now blue, perfectly integrated into the design. This is the quality of editing Visual Kit offers. No Photoshop expertise required. Just describe what you want changed. Let's talk pricing. Three simple plans. $15 a month gets you 60 credits. That's 30 to 60 professional thumbnails. $29 gets you 150 credits. 75 to 150 thumbnails. Or top up anytime with $15 for 60 extra credits. Finally, let's look at the template library. Hundreds of highquality templates across every niche. Each one designed to maximize click-through rate. The best part, you can swap out characters, change colors, modify text. These templates are fully customizable starting points. They help the AI understand your style while giving you professional results instantly. Think about it this way. Your thumbnail is 90% of why someone clicks. If you're using generic Canva templates or spending hours in Photoshop, you're either hurting your click-through rate or wasting time you could spend making videos. Many of you spend a ton of money on thumbnail designers on Fiverr who makes thumbnails for you. And they are usually amateur. Visual Kit solves both problems. Professional thumbnails in 5 seconds. $29 a month for everything you need to get more views. Link in description. Free plan available at test it before you commit. Hit like if this was helpful. Subscribe for more tips on how to improve your YouTube channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MajM-e7r [4 likes]: Wow amazing!! Seems easy and fast to use

- I Let ChatGPT Judge My Thumbnails… It Was Brutal: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, troublemakers, and if you're a content creator, you're probably a troublemaker. I got crazy and I decided to use ChatGPT to evaluate my thumbnails. I said, hey, give me the good, give me the bad, give me the ugly. Tell me what I can do to make my thumbnails better. And then tell me which one's the best one. In the end, it made me a thumbnail that was better than the ones I made. So watch and I'll show you how I did this whole process. Now, here's ChatGPT, and I'm going to just upload a thumbnail that I've made. I upload the thumbnail, and I said, tell me what you think about this thumbnail. The good, the bad, and the ugly. Give it to me straight. How can I make this be? here's the bad clutter in the middle the four thumbnails being judged are too small and busy viewers can't tell what without squinting mixed focal points my eyes pulled between your pointed fingers the thumbnails the c-minus in robot's face is a little chaotic and there's no title text in the thumbnail you know if it tells a good story it might not need to have text i'm just gonna say it says the c- is a bit too small it should be headline drama not background detail the robot's eyes are dead center forward instead are angled toward you or the paper all right how to make it better right here it says hey how to make it better the thumbnail is 95 with a few tweaks it can go from a decent to scroll stopping would you like me to mock a better improved layout yes so let's see what it comes up with this guy is too far away this one I prefer this response but it's not shape thumbnail shape 16x9 and here is my work in Canva so I agree there's too many thumbnails I'm going to take this one delete it take this make it bigger now now so I think that's a little bit better already and you know maybe this I'd have to fix with I use chat GPT to create that graphic so I'd have to go and have chat GPT fix that for me so chat back to chat GPT upload file recreate this make the C minus bigger and have the robots eyes looking at the let's see what do you think it's got potential it's got potential go here we say, hey you were fun, we're going to make you go away okay, here it is the happier robot and we drag it over and we background remove okay, cool alright, so kind of like the idea of blurring here alright I'm much happier with this. Let's see what chatGBT thinks about it. It's still going to fuss at me because I don't have any words. Let me see. Compare these two thumbnails for Blood File. Over one. Open. Which is better? And how can I make the best of the two even better? Okay. Virtue. In here, it says, hey, here's how to make your thumbnail even better. Hilarious. You want me to mock up and go, well, sure. Okay, we'll say yes. Yes. Let's see what it looks like. I'm starting to like it. Okay, I might like it. Okay, it's going to hurt my feelings, but, you know, it's going to actually make a good thumbnail. okay I I'm gonna have to say that's a good thumbnail I think that was a very good response I'm gonna let it know hey chat GPT you did great I really liked it what do you think okay I like this thumbnail I have to say usually chat GPT lets me down but here it may not so let's let's mix it up we're gonna say compare these three thumbnails and tell me which one is the best we're testing it see okay here we go there's three thumbnails we're gonna say hey tell me which one's the best verdict use number three tells us okay let me know if you like a different version or a 16 by 9 crop preview chat gpt gave me a thumbnail and told me what i needed to do to improve my thumbnails you can have it do the same thing and that is the point of chat gpt and using it for thumbnail creation i had it critique my thumbnails i had it make recommendations of what i could do to make them better and then i kept uploading those versions until it picked what it thought was the best. And then funny enough, out of character for itself, it made a thumbnail that was better even than what I did. Brutal honesty, but I took this advice even when I didn't agree with it. I kept working with it and refining it. And I think the final thumbnail is fantastic. So do me a favor, hit that like button. And then in the comments, tell me which thumbnail you thought was the best of all the ones that were in that whole process there. Let me know. And if this is the sort of thing you're into, hey, I would love for you to subscribe my channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MotifMusicStudios [2 likes]: Haha. Love this! Great energy, fun topic!
  2. @mycraftyadventures [1 likes]: Roy, this was a great video. So helpful. TFS!❤
  3. @educationonfire5530 [1 likes]: Great video.......yes I think it picked the best too!
  4. @xd-ov2ts [1 likes]: 🫡Sir, you're gonna okay, you're gonna get home in one piece
  5. @FishstickUSA [1 likes]: Good video . Good final thumbnail . Good use of ChatGPT.
  6. @AwesomeFunThings: This is a banger video!! Well done, good sir!! 🎉
  7. @DocRock: Good stuff. Dont forget the ask it to improve your prompts before you send it. Works best with two chat tabs, one to work in and to make the images

- Thumbnail Blaster - A Youtube Super Weapon To Increase Your Video Views Quickly -Thumbnail Blaster: Kind: captions Language: en let me ask you this what made you click play on this video it was the thumbnail right with over 400 hours of video content uploaded to youtube every minute it doesn't matter how good your video content really is if your thumbnails are not grabbing attention if you ever uploaded a video and got no traffic this will fix that according to youtube the number one factor that is influences people to click to watch a video is the thumbnail and our tests prove that a good thumbnail will increase your views and traffic by up to three hundred percent the problem is that creating custom thumbnails manually is kinda tedious and to actually create good thumbnails you have to be an experienced designer or hire one but don't worry after years of testing and tweaking we are proud to present thumbnail blaster the only ai based software that will create attention grabbing and click pulling thumbnails for any video with literally three clicks actually the process is that easy that even a child can do it just point and click and let the artificial intelligence algorithm do all the hard work for you what used to take hours of creating designing and tweaking thumbnails now takes seconds that's right seconds there is no learning curve and the results are instant and because we know that there is no one size fits all thumbnail blaster comes with over 100 attention grabbing thumbnail templates across multiple niches there's nothing to install and you don't need any technical skill each template can easily be customized to fit your needs you can drag and drop anything resize change text and fonts add new elements just drag and drop but that's not all thumbnail blaster will give you an unfair advantage something never done before how would you like to be able to test different thumbnails and find the version that is catching more eyeballs brings you more views more traffic and more profits well you can do that with thumbnail blaster split testing module just upload two thumbnails select the time that you want the test to run and let thumbnail blaster work its magic when the split test will end thumbnail blaster will automatically set the highest converting thumbnail amazing right for a limited time you're getting the deal of a lifetime you can get thumbnail blaster for a ridiculously low one-time price and create as many thumbnails as you want and triple your video views and increase your traffic and sales with only a few clicks the ai technology behind thumbnail blaster and the 100 proven to convert templates plus the split testing engine will guarantee you the best results what you need to do now is click the button below this video and get instant access to thumbnail blaster and triple your video views and increase your traffic and sales with only a few clicks [Music] you

- The Art of YouTube Clickbait: Kind: captions Language: en of all the aspects of youtube the one that has to be the least talked about has to be the titles but thumbnails are pretty close too this is for a reason obviously the videos themselves are the most important part hours upon hours of work are put into each and every one so the thumbnail often just comes across as a second thought just slap some video assets in or grab an image off of google and but a boom you have a finished thumbnail but then there are the people that are the exact opposite it sometimes seems like people put more effort into making the thumbnail look polished than the actual video and those are the kinds of things i'll be talking about today cause in this video i'm gonna explore the art of youtube clickbait [Music] while the term clickbait was coined in 2006 referring to misleading blog posts and online articles of the time the act of misleading your audience originated much earlier on yellow journalism is the term used for the act of using eye-catching headlines for articles that have little to no legitimate research sounds familiar right and while the idea remains prevalent the execution and extent to which clickbait can be effective has only increased especially with youtube ever since 2013 the ability to create custom thumbnails was available to the public and you could see a clear and distinct change in how thumbnails were used by looking at an older channel and seeing how their thumbnails evolve over time when i think of old school youtube i think of smosh and looking at their older thumbnails you could see that once they were available the main thing they used seemed to be a colored background with something in the foreground but the more successful videos seem to be the ones that use sex appeal basically by having a woman show some cleavage in the thumbnail the video would magically seem to do better even though there was nothing of the sort in the actual videos themselves comparing these to thumbnails today you could clearly see that respectable channels try to at least show something relating to the video even if the video doesn't actually play out like the thumbnail might suggest but clickbait thumbnails have actually been around longer than customizable thumbnails ever since youtube was founded thumbnails worked by selecting one of three images from your video and you just have to hope that one of those three looks good enough to click on but by adding a pre-existing image directly into the video it becomes possible to have that image as the thumbnail fun fact there are a lot of youtube videos out there and there are even more popping up each and every day with this new increase in competition it only makes sense to do whatever you can to make sure people will want to watch what you make over anyone else the thumbnail is your first introduction to a video or channel and a lot of the time it's your only introduction so to get this out of the way what exactly counts as clickbait the dictionary definition is pretty terrible since getting attention and views is the entire goal of youtube regardless of clickbait so for this video i'll be using my own definition which would be a thumbnail featuring something that isn't in the video or is clearly exaggerated with the purpose of making it seem like it's what the video actually is some non-examples would be custom artwork or a collage of video assets as you can clearly see that these thumbnails aren't trying to show you what's in the actual video but rather what the video is about that's probably one of the most interesting things about thumbnails you only have a 1280x720 pixel size to encapsulate the message or meaning of your entire video and you have to make every single one of those pixels count i like this one the level of clickbait found in videos is on a spectrum on one end you're nowhere near clickbait in fact thumbnails here are usually too boring to even be worth clicking on and on the other hand you get something straight up misleading which results in the audience feeling that they were lied to getting people to watch a singular video is pretty easy a decent idea and some good luck is really all you'll need for that but turning those short term views into longer term success takes a whole other set of skills when it comes to clickbait there's a fine line between an interesting thumbnail and a flat out lie i think that this thumbnail by mr beast walks that line as closely as possible while the title is technically telling the truth albeit a little hyperbolized the plane crashed in the woods and not the ocean like the thumbnail suggests and the video itself is mostly just jimmy and the boys hanging out in the woods whether it's clickbait or not is still up for debate since he did actually crash a plane in the video but either way we all have to agree that it's at very least a compelling thumbnail something to keep in mind is that a pleasing image doesn't automatically equate to a good thumbnail this video essay i made a few months ago didn't do as well as any of the videos around it there are plenty of potential reasons for that but a plausible one is that the thumbnail didn't look appealing enough to click on so how do you make your thumbnail stand out without straight up lying well here are a few things you can do a lot of channels have their face with a shocked expression on the side of the screen and while that works for recognizability and branding this can only work if people already know what you look like so if you're an up-and-coming youtuber there's not really a reason to add your face to a thumbnail since it's a waste of space using a facial expression for branding could also get pretty annoying i'm not sure if it's just me but the mr beast gaming and react thumbnails reusing the exact same two or three pictures just doesn't look very good saturating the colors can also make your thumbnail stand out a lot of channels do this but by having more visible colors you can have a thumbnail attract more attention one more thing i'll suggest is to always use something a viewer could recognize in your thumbnail if you're talking about a video game use the most popular character from that game there's an interesting discrepancy i found with clickbait as a topic when people critique someone's content a lot of people point to a youtuber click baiting as if it were something damning but here's the thing those same people criticizing others for click baiting are doing it themselves and the answer to why is pretty simple it works clickbait as a whole isn't necessarily a bad thing either in the modern landscape of youtube it's not uncommon for a thumbnail to have a more interesting recreation of what's actually in the video go to almost any youtuber and you'll see exactly what i mean the thumbnails are usually designed from the ground up to ensure our video will be successful whether that means implementing red arrows or doing a face like this on the side of the screen speaking of red arrows there's a pretty simple reason as to why a lot of people would choose to use them obviously the click bait red arrow or the red circle are used to point towards something that may not be noticeable but the reason they're used so heavily all comes down to how we respond to the color red red is the color of blood and it's used in all sorts of warnings so we as a society have all come to accept that red is a color we should pay attention to red is also the most vibrant color so of all colors your eyes would be gravitated towards the color red while i seem to be defending the use of clickbait quite a lot in this video there is another more mischievous side of the spectrum some uses of clickbait are so bad that they end up being straight up scummy jstation would do this sort of thing all the time like calling mac miller and xxxtentacion after they both passed and then proceeding to add a red circle and make a funny face but thumbnails aren't the only thing that have clickbait as i said earlier this all started with news articles and without images they were limited to titles there are quite a few ways to make an enticing title you could capitalize the words and add some adjectives but the most interesting method i've seen is to portray a question people tend to click on the video to either get an answer to it or to give an answer of their own sometimes a video can be considered clickbait without that even being intentional for example a lot of people really detested the fact that my 20 minute plants vs zombies retrospective only answers the title question after i go through the full history of the game with the question being answered in the last 30 seconds of the video the same sort of feeling came from my video about voodoo's repetitive mobile games people were going in expecting to see a commentary style video of me tearing apart the company not knowing that i was actually reviewing the games themselves even unintentionally clickbaiting is something hard to get right everyone has a different threshold on what counts as misleading clickbait is something we all just have to live with and it's not going to change anytime soon but i think a youtuber's thumbnail design is something really interesting to see the vast majority of youtubers aren't expert graphic designers so it's interesting to see people's different takes and attempts at solving the same problem as well as seeing the style of their thumbnails i recommend taking a good look at your favorite youtubers thumbnails to see what they do and then there's just critical using a stretched out screenshot from the video

  Top Comments:
  1. @HjjMemes [2 likes]: If the reason i clicked on a video doesn't appear until 2 mins or over. Ima close that video.
  2. @random_mf6918 [1 likes]: Yall ever heard about sushiball? Yep, he makes slander videos with the most crazy and freaky thumbnail in his channel
  3. @WarpandXeno88 [1 likes]: Clickbait is no worse than miracle weight loss products, a knife that can cut through concrete, or a rubber seal that can patch a boat. Is it false advertising? Maybe on some level, but there is big money to be made on the gullibility of the general public.
  4. @AndrewSudiro [1 likes]: First of all, Not only the thumbnails are clickbait (fake), but they're also the lazy YouTubers that have ever existed.

Second, why can't YouTube remove the custom thumbnail system...WAIT WAIT WAIT I TAKE BACK THAT WORD SORRY SORRY SORRY-. If I'm a YouTuber, I use my footage to make it real instead of a custom thumbnail.

Third, you can tell that the thumbnails are fake by looking at it's familiar thumbnails from other YouTubers. I'm talking about stealing thumbnails you nasty. If you have a 100 IQ to know that the thumbnail got stolen from other YouTubers then you're albert einstein.

Fourth, the thumbnails are 80% using his/her expression doesn't cut it. Usually, people like you get annoyed and very bored with those thumbnails. How about just making use of random characters that depend on what you're playing (if you're a gamer) and using text like It's bad, I cooked or WOW.

Fifth and most importantly, do not click the video if you see the thumbnails are like showing corn thumbnails (you know what I mean when I say  "corn" I say "P@#n") that means it's fake. YouTube does not allow any sexual videos but not thumbnails.

IF YOU SAY THAT YOU DON'T GIVE A SHIT THEN YOU'RE A ASSHOLE WHORE
  5. @Its_Web_Of_Wyrd [1 likes]: Art 😂😂😂 you call bs art? Bros that harrassment i wish they ban clickbait and they got all demonitise ..
  6. @VLK-73 [1 likes]: I detest click bait, as it flat pit decieves the viewer by portraying a made up scene/pic, which is NOT part of the video, while pretending that it is.

There should be laws against this.
  7. @symbolofhopebioinfo: Amazing ❤
  8. @Ken22475: Clickbait thumbnails be like…
OMG GUYS I CAN’T BELIEVE WHAT I’VE FOUND AT 3AM!!!!😱➡️⭕️↘️⭕️🦈🦖
  9. @nikerailfanningttm9046: Used thumbnails for a few years, then stopped using them, just got tired of spending a few more seconds to select a image for one. Don’t care for monetization and don’t care for sponsors.
  10. @Lanz_gaB: Clickbait holds a big importance in a video, that its needs to be good, but then theres charlie and his videos
  11. @tybeanie9255: Look at your favourite YouTubers thumbnails 
Me: goes to terrors channel
  12. @Albatross3AM: I hate clickbait youtubers
  13. @ArcLite-s1m: Was not expecting to see T-Series wow
  14. @TalkinBenny: Basicly every youtuber thinks your stupid and has to use hyper effects and thumbnails just to get you to click & watch
  15. @dbptwg: → 𝙃𝙊𝙒 𝙏𝙊 𝘼𝙑𝙊𝙄𝘿 𝘾𝙇𝙄𝘾𝙆𝘽𝘼𝙄𝙏 𝘼𝙉𝘿 𝘼𝘿𝙎 ←

Mobile:
1: Report under video (maybe scrolled off to the right) -> Spam or Misleading -> Report -> Close
2: Phone back button -> Find the video again -> 3 dots -> Don't recommend channel
3: search for 𝙍𝙚𝙑𝙖𝙣𝙘𝙚𝙙 and enable 𝘿𝙚𝘼𝙧𝙧𝙤𝙬

Desktop:
1: 3 dots under video -> Report -> Spam / Misleading -> Misleading text -> Next -> Report
2: Browser back button -> Find the video again -> 3 dots -> Don't recommend channel
3: search for 𝘿𝙚𝘼𝙧𝙧𝙤𝙬
  16. @Shanecoulson20: i swear if i see one more "3 AM" video i'm gonna lose my fucking mind, those are the worst of all shit like "don't call skibidi toilet at 3 am" or "i summoned satan at 3am" i fucking hate those videos.
  17. @100_funsshatta: “ insert celeb name with the terms Finished, it’s over, finally done, and finally over”
  18. @user-eh4kh3ye5o: D14k s24king face + red arrow = million views
  19. @AltoonaYourPiano: I see "clickbait" and "clickable" as different but superficially similar. Clickbait is stuff like the open mouth thumbnails with the arrows and gaudy text and maybe including good looking women that don't feature into the video and paired with extreme titles like "I almost died and went to jail (not clickbait)" whereas clickable is a nice "action shot" from the video itself or maybe a custom creation that appeals to the viewer's sense of aesthetic or sums up the video. Like a thumbnail showing a landscape experiencing all four seasons at once for a one year time lapse or custom text that fits the theme of the video. I think a little sensationalism is okay as long as it stays grounded in reality. To me "clickable" is like putting a picture of yourself in a tux, hair combed in an old-school part, in ideal lighting as a profile picture, whereas "clickbait" is like catfishing. If I see clickbait, it's saying to me "if you click, expect to be disappointed". Of course, the line between what's clickbait and what's clickable varies from person to person.
  20. @GraniteStateVictoria: I've developed an instinctual aversion to clickbait (this video being the lone exception, because it's on-topic) since I've learned I'm going to get low-quality content that panders to the lowest common denominator. If I see a mouth-open thumbnail, "I almost died (not clickbait" or "You won't BELIEVE these five things" type titles, arrows in the thumbnail, it tells me to steer clear of the video. It doesn't help that YouTube nowadays is overrun by zero-effort content-farming channels that promise a video and it's someone talking over a still photo. It's like the reply girls of the early 2010s (I'm showing my age with that reference) except somehow even lower-quality content.

- I Hid in 100 YouTube Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I'll be honest, I don't get recognized in public very often. When I was a kid, I thought that if you had a million subscribers, fans would literally be swarming you every time you left your house. But that is not the case. Truthfully, only a handful of people have ever asked me for a photo before. I know [screaming] my life is so hard. I think I know why. It's just all about getting your face out there. I just haven't got my face out there enough. You know, my most viewed videos don't even have my face in them. I I got to fix this. I got to fix this. I just had a great idea. I made a list of every single YouTuber that I have contact with. And today I'm going to be photoshopping myself in their thumbnails and asking them to change it. And I'm a little bit nervous. Um, a lot of these YouTubers have millions or tens of millions of subscribers. And I don't know if they're going to like this. Starting with the smallest YouTuber that I know, Hannah Canel. She's got 2,000 subscribers. And it's okay. I'm allowed to make fun of her. We're engaged. All right. So Hannah just started her own YouTube channel and she does pretty much everything herself. She comes up with the ideas. She records the videos. She edits them. The one thing that I do for her is make the thumbnails. This is her most recent video that I'll be dropping today. Pretty good, but it's missing one thing, and that one thing is me. I'll be right back. All right, so this is what we're working with here. Um, now if I was making it accurate to my real life height, it probably be like about here, [snorts] maybe here. But, um, that'd be too distracting, obviously. So, we're just going to keep it at a humble humble height. Just know this is not accurate at all. More accurate would be like up here. All right, I think that's pretty much good. I guess we just got to show it to Hannah to see what she thinks and if she wants this thumbnail on her channel. You're the smallest YouTuber that I know. Ouch. We'll get bigger eventually. Ooh, confidence. Okay, so I made you your thumbnail for your video. So, what do you think of it? Wait, it's cool. Thank you. Do you notice anything about it? Um, AI made the background, right? Yeah, the background is mostly AI. Why did it put a person in it? I don't know. Sometimes AI doesn't You seriously put yourself in my thumbnail? On to the next one. Matthew Treyan, 14,000 subscribers and also Ryan Tran's brother. All right, he's got six videos right now. Which one should I throw myself in? I think I got to do the birdhouse. I'm really feeling like I want to put myself like riding on one of the birds, you know? I got to get a picture of myself. All right, guys. This is what we're working with. This is probably the greatest picture of me that has ever existed. I'm going to go right on top of this bird. I'm literally like 15 pixels right here, but it's perfect. Welcome to the mail room. This is where I'll be sending all of the new thumbnails to their creators and politely requesting that they change it so that I can hide in the background. Let's do this. Yo, Matthew, I'm making a video where I'm hiding in YouTubers thumbnails. Let's send the photo. I'm on the bird. All right, send. First YouTuber done. Welcome to the response room. He said yes. All right, bye. More than human. 37,000 subscribers and she's engaged to this guy. I mean, obviously, one of these videos sticks out here, and it's the one where she climbed under the pyramids of Egypt. So, I got to get myself in this. I got to make this about me. Maybe hanging from the rope. I think that's good. I think that's perfect. Just kidding. She would not want this video on her channel. Not that noticeable. We might get away with this, actually. Honestly, I think I'm going to send that off to her. I think I think she might go for it. I'm scared. All right, here we go. Sending it to the All right, it's done. We'll see what she says. This is embarrassing. She said, "Haha, sure. Why not?" It's not the most enthusiastic answer, but it's a yes, so I'll take it. Next up is Tori. He has 38,000 subscribers and makes animations. Specifically, this video, Mr. Beast videos in a thousand years. So, naturally, I think I need to be one of the contestants. I tried my best to mimic the faces that they're making. [music] Yeah, there's just one of them that has a very human looking face. This is me, lol. He said yes and he gave a message to you guys. He said it, not me. Subscribe. Fabio Marina. He's got 45,000 subscribers, but there's a deeper reason why I'm doing this one. So, I went onto his live stream recently. Oh, yikes. Yikes. The YouTuber. Shout out. Yikes. I kind of copied your video idea. I said I said I did it. Yes, I Okay, I'm sorry, but I I I think I did it justice. He did do it justice. Honestly, it was a really good video. I told him, you know, it's all good. I don't mind. I don't mind. But I think that does give me the right to throw myself in that thumbnail somewhere. This is the first one where I think it's kind of a little bit obvious. I'm going to say see if you can find me and then the little little he said yes. The beef is settled. There was no beef. I I don't know. Tish Hulie 148,000 subscribers and I definitely butchered that last name. I I'm not too confident about this one. I don't think Tage is going to like this one. I took off the red hoodie cuz I really got to blend in for these now. Can't be wearing the brightest color in the entire world. All right, I'm kind of going to blur myself so I kind of look like one of these shampoo bottles of some sort. I'm going to become one with the shampoo bottles. Okay, that looks pretty good. That looks pretty good. I look like a shampoo bottle. Honestly, I look like a shampoo bottle. Oh, I sent a video on accident, too. Shoot. He already read it. I sent a video on accident. Let me unend it, please. I got to I got to be quick with this unending. That was a little awkward. Okay, moving on. Thankfully, he did not notice my mistake. Or at least he pretended not to. Um, and he said he's changing it now. Edmond X 167,000 subscribers and you might know him from THIS VIDEO. DO NOT GET A DOG pillow off of Teu or this video. Will you please just be mine? Or this video. One to buckle my shoes. We can throw ourselves in the never shower music video. Touch grass music video. But I think we're going to photoshop ourselves into Tik Tok thinks I'm dead. This thumbnail is absolutely unhinged. All right. I think I want to be this guy right here with the beard. [music] All right. From far away, you definitely can't really tell. My detective career has officially begun because this thumbnail is now live and it's on the Edmondx channel now. Ryan Mitchell 175,000 subscribers. Bro casually just climbed Mount Everest. Every time I almost died on Mount Everest, 2.5 million views. I think I got to put myself in there somewhere. Over this cavern here, this ravine. And imagine I'm just sitting down there like, "Help, help me." All right, this is the best photo I could get. And don't ask me how. Um, I think that's pretty good. I mean, like, if you zoom in, you're like, "Oh, that's definitely a a guy that's like trapped." He did it. And then he told me that if anyone finds out, he will push me off the Hillary step. What even is the Hillary step? Oh. Oh. Next up is Toppsy. 184,000 subscribers, and I can't tell if he's an artist or a deranged criminal. I mean, his drawings have to be some sort of crime. I baked my bully into a cake. All right, that's the best option. What do we think, chat? Will anyone notice this? I just got to put myself in one of these big black beady eyes. That was pretty easy. Let's send it to him. He said that he would do it and then he even complimented my Photoshop skill even though I literally just cut myself out and lowered the opacity. Photoshop wizard right here, guys. Antonio Glardo, 197,000 subscribers and he's my favorite 65-year-old YouTuber. And I know exactly which thumbnail to throw myself in. I'm just going to throw myself in the back of this car right I gave a little bit of a side eye there. You know, a little bit of a spicy little side eye. I don't know why I said that. All right, that looks pretty good. All right, on to the next one. Bro is in the back seat waiting for his McNuggets. Man's got jokes. Isaac Carlton, 222,000 subscribers. He makes movies. I helped him one time. Why am I so stupid? This thumbnail has probably the best opportunity for me to put myself in. This random person is just kind of chilling in the background like their whole face and everything. So, I think you know that's that's going to be me in just a few seconds. [snorts] What if I sent this to him right now? [music] I'm in there. I'm literally in that plane right there. Dude, it looks better. I'm not even going to lie. It looks more real. Random woman in the background. Okay, I have a request. I want your neck to be in it. I don't know what that thing is and it like it looks like a neck brace and I don't like that. So, just make my thumbnail better. Yeah. And I'm not taking this down. Once he sent it to me, it's just the new thumbnail. Now, this is where things get kind of crazy. I remade the thumbnail again per Isaac's request, and he changed it. And literally a few hours later, people started noticing Yikes in the thumbnail. Yikes is in the thumbnail, not Yikes in the thumbnail. [music] Who saw Yikes in the thumbnail? Why is Yikes in the background of the thumbnail? Are we not going to talk about Yikes? Why was the YouTuber Yikes is that Yikes in the thumbnail? Am I the only one who noticed Yikes in the thumbnail? Saw Yikes in the background of the video. What is Yikes doing in the background of the thumbnail? Xander in the back of the thumbnail. Guys, Yikes is in the thumbnail. Yikes in the thumbnail in between the seats. I just realized that he put Yikes in the thumbnail. Yikes. The YouTuber is in the thumbnail notice in the thumbnail. I hid in people's thumbnails and nobody noticed. Bro, that was not supposed to happen. That's literally my title. Clear. Next up is Vortxrox. He's got 700K from playing. [laughter] This guy's most viewed video has 20 million views. That's insane. Where can I hide myself in here? Got to keep it subtle. Okay, this is a 20 million viewed video. I'm going put myself in the spike. If Vortxrox agrees to change this, then that will bump up our view count like astronomically. That's a great hiding spot. Not sure it would work against the Iraqi government, though. Wow. I actually do look exactly like Saddam Hussein's hiding spot. That's crazy. Vortx changed the thumbnail and somehow people noticed. Even I'm so small in that thumbnail. How is that possible? Is that Yikes in the thumbnail? Is no one talking about the person in the thumbnail in the top spike? Hey Vortox, I don't know if you put it in for fun, but there's a human in the thumbnail on the upper spike. I just noticed that's Saddam Hussein [music] in the thumbnail. Am I the only one who noticed Yikes in the spike? No. Gaming with Gavin. Somehow you are not. King Samalot 732,000 subscribers. And do I even need to explain him? All right. I have kind of a crazy idea for this one. All right. One of Sammy's most viewed videos has 8.2 million views. Has a baby in the thumbnail. Is an actual real baby that is in this video. But I have a crazy crazy idea. What if I became this baby? I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm just going to send it to him and see what he thinks. I don't think he's going to like it. So, I kind of fixed your thumbnail up a little bit, made it a little bit better, and I was curious if you'd be if you'd be down to change it. Hey, you know I have needed a thumbnails guy. SO IF YOU'RE ACTUALLY TRYING TO HELP ME. YO, BRO. OPPORTUNITIES, BRO. WAIT, first I need to do something. Oh, he clicked on his hat. What? So I just had to change the scenery a little bit. What just happened? Are you clip farming? I'm in the mail room, dude. [laughter] Oh, what? What's so funny? I'm in the mail room. OH, HE'S IN THE MAIL ROOM. OH, I'M IN THE MAIL ROOM. LOOK AT THE BOXES. LOOK AT THE BOX. VINE AND LOOK AT the boxes. Let me know what you think. All right, here we go, chat. Bro, that baby. What's wrong with the baby? How How many birth defects? Is that you? Is that your eyes? Let me look at your eyes. No, it's it's not me. I don't know what YOU THAT IS LITERALLY YOU, BRO. YOU JUST PHOTOSHOPPED YOUR FACE ON MY BABY. NO, I DIDN'T, BRO. NO, NO, NO. I'm Take your thumbnail back, bro. Well, I have access to your channel, so I'm just going to change it myself. Yo, what? No. No. Wait, wait, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. Sammy ran the thumbnail as an AB test, and somehow my face lost. Dang it. I'm a terrible baby. Next up is Angelia Moore. 742K. She's the queen of making clear food. Where can I put myself in one of these thumbnails? Perhaps inside of the clear sandwich or maybe the clear pizza. Nah, maybe the clear cake. Oh, the clear lunch or the clear hot dog. I think I'm going to put myself in this one. See this house back here? You know what I'm going to do with the house back there? She updated her thumbnail and somehow nobody noticed. [applause] Let's go. Thank you to my live studio audience. There's no one here. Dax Flame 750,000 subscribers. He's a YouTube legend. I think I might get a haircut. Actually, I just decided to get them all cut. Now, let me tell you, this guy has one of the most iconic YouTube videos of all time. It has 11 million views, but it is probably one of the most iconic thumbnails. So, if I can somehow get myself in this thumbnail. There's only like 20 pixels I have to work with here. So, I think I might just go for the doororknob. I I might just become Dax Flames doornob. All right, let's see if Dax is down for this. He said, "I don't see you." Haha. Not the response I wanted. I said, "I'm in the doororknob." And he said, "Oh, I see." Haha. At this point, it just felt wrong to push it any further. And so, [music] I left our goat Dax Flame in peace. Our first and our last loss of this entire video. Next up is Sticks. They just hit 1 million subscribers. Let's go. And I think I'm actually going to try to photoshop myself in their most recent thumbnail, which is pretty risky, honestly. Imagine one of these heads in the background is me. [music] All right. Can you spot me? Can you spot me? I don't know if they're going to go for this. Let's send it off. They told me they're going to keep it up forever because it makes the video more interesting. Hear that? I'm I'm an interesting guy. Jack Pemick, who [music] also just hit a million subscribers. Let's go. I have a crazy idea. And it involves an app called Face App. all right. There I am. I did the original girl so dirty. Yes. Uh, should be live. Yeah, Brody Bowling. 1.09 million subscribers. He's the king of dunking, the king of flipping, [music] and the king of this guy only has one video with a thumbnail. So, I guess I don't have many options, do I? What if I just made myself huge? Like, I'm getting a little bit bored. I kind of want to test the waters and see if a YouTuber with a million subscribers will let me just be humongous in their thumbnail. Brody, please don't block me when I send this to you. Despite my outrageous thumbnail, he was one of the most eager people to take part in this uh video. Next up is Dab. He's got 1.1 million subscribers, and if you've seen his channel, you know this man is too powerful. He has a video with 33 million views. I say we just do the good old hide behind this wall here. Oh, that picture is crazy. I'm hiding behind the wall as I always do. It's perfect. Okay, let's send it off. We made it onto the Deep's channel, guys. Let's go. And boosted up the view count by 30 million views. Round of applause for that. Next up is Normie with 1.24 million subscribers. This man stood still for 38 hours, didn't sleep for 12 days, spent 30 days in solitary confinement with no light, and his most viewed video is Morty sniffs coke. I think maybe in his hand is the best option. I don't know what this is, bro. Honestly, I don't know. See the vision? You see the vision? Honestly, I'm getting more and more careless with these photoshops, and that's not good because the YouTubers just keep getting bigger and bigger. So, I need to lock in and make sure these Photoshops are good or else they're not going to say yes. Okay, [snorts] I changed. Let's go. Another 15 mil in the books. Jake Carlini, 1.3 million subscribers, and I think you can build anything. Actually, imagine I was sitting inside the Cybertruck. You can just barely see me in there. Next up is Yikes. 1.3 million subscribers and he's the most handsome YouTuber on this list. This guy is one of my favorite creators [music] on YouTube. Now, this guy's thumbnails are good, but you know, they could use a a better looking face on a lot of them. So, I'm just going to Yeah. And put that there. And, you know, it's pretty good. Let's just send it off to him and see what how he thinks of it. I sent the thumbnail to him, but he just sent it right back to me like immediately. And he kept copying every single thing that I said. Like, what? I don't know what his problem is, but apparently Yikes is a huge jerk. So, Womba, 1.5 million subscribers, and he's the king of hardcore Minecraft. Now, Womba is actually a Minecraft YouTuber. It was going to make it kind of hard to put myself in here. I'm going to put myself just like chilling laying at the top of it. I forgot to record a part saying that one agreed to change his thumbnail. So, I am here now telling you that Womba agreed to change his thumbnail. Internet anarchist 1.6 million subscribers. And when it comes to this guy, everyone's life is ruined. Why does Brent Rivera's jawline look so All right, you can literally barely see me in there. That's perfect. At first, he just sent back one laughing emoji, and I didn't really know what that meant, but then four and a half hours later, he showed me that he did change it. So, Groovy Gavin 1.6 mil sub. He's basically the real life Scooby-Doo. This guy's most viewed video is I actually went to Ohio, warning to put the word actually in front of going to a place with a population of 12 million. That's And you got 10 million views off of just going to a state. Sorry, I have PTSD from the Ohio memes. That happened like a year ago. Right in my natural habitat, Ohio. This is my face whenever someone makes fun of Ohio. Chad, which one's scarier? This monster or this monster? He said he's down and now I feel bad about my ultimate crash that I had earlier. I'm sorry, Gavin. You're a cool guy, but just never make fun of Ohio ever again. All right, lessons in meme culture. He's got 2 million subscribers and he taught me everything I know. Without this guy, we would never know why people say she and point to their arms or why John Cena is speaking Chinese and eating ice cream. Or why Ohio is a meme. I put myself floating in space in the Ohio thumbnail um right where I belong and he agreed to change it. I sent the thumbnail to Berserk and he said, "Can we do a different one? One that's actually fire." And I was like, "Okay." And he sent me a new one and told me to put myself on the right. So, I made this um and I sent it over to him and he said that crap was awe, to put it lightly. Make it better. And so, I decided to take a stand for myself. All right. I'm not going to let Berserk from [music] Familyfriendly tell me what to do. No, I just got lazy and I didn't want to make it better. So, I didn't. And I just sent him three little depressed emojis. Next up is Haley Fan with 3.6 million subscribers. She basically invented the word girly pop and now she just likes to read. Okay, hear me out with this thumbnail. Hear me out. All right, hear me out. Okay, hear me out. I don't really have much to say, honestly. I'll be shocked if this makes it onto Haley Fam's channel. She said she would do it for 10 community posts saying that Haley Fam is the best YouTuber ever. Just kidding. I didn't do that. Then she said that the quality was bad, so she photoshopped it herself. She even sent me a video of herself doing it to provide me with some extra content for this video. So, that's awesome. Next up is Zealous. He's got 4.4 million subscribers. You want a shout out for Mr. Beast? And now he's a camouflage master. Kind of what I'm doing right now. Kind of camouflaging myself in thumbnails. You know, maybe me and Zealous aren't too different. I remember this video. This is a really good video, but he didn't ask me to sign it. So, got to get myself in there somehow. I'm right here. Hiding behind the fence. Okay, send it off. He said 1,000% and even said a YouTube studio screenshot. I don't know why, but I feel like the screenshot is worth money. These YouTubers are getting pretty big. Like Nick Wilkins got 5.8 million subscribers and he got the entire internet hooked on his own love story. I think this is the riskiest one [music] yet. All right, Nick Wilkins posted a video meeting Cassie for the first time. I don't think you realize how big of a deal that is to unemployed people on the internet. If I can get myself in this I'm basically part of Nassie. Okay, that's a little too far. [snorts] Oh my gosh, bro. This is terrifying. To my surprise, he actually changed the thumbnail. Mom, I made it to the nasty lore. Let's go. Brooklyn and Bailey, 7.3 million subscribers, and they're actual OGs of YouTube. These two girls are Hannah's favorite YouTubers. Before we met, she didn't watch any YouTube like at all. Like, I opened the YouTube app on her phone and she was subscribed to three channels. Me, Brooklyn, and Bailey, and Say Yes to the Dress for some reason. I really, really want to do the video with 71 million views. I'm just going to do it, bro. I'm just going to do it. No, I can't do it. I'm nervous. I'm really nervous. I photoshopped myself peeking peeking, not peeing, um, in the pool in their most viewed video ever. I sent it to Asa, who's Bailey's husband, and he said he would change it. He even called me his dude. Wait. Then I got a DM from Brooklyn and Bailey themselves in the flesh. I don't know if it was Brooklyn or Bailey, but they said they're quote, "So excited and think the thumbnail prank is hilarious." I'm literally giggling and kicking my feet right now. No, stop. Don't look at that. Um, okay. Ben of the week. Got 8.5 million subscribers. He's an absolutely unhinged individual. What if I'm one of the Amish for when he joined the Amish? Like I could be this guy for sure. Right. There we go. There we go. There we go. That's me as an Amish man right there. Look at that. He said, "Lumf down." And he changed it lickety split. And just like that, I'm officially Amish. Jenny Hoyos, 9.1 million subscribers. [music] And she loves to buy things with $1. Think I'm going to Photoshop myself as one of these pennies in the background. Woo! Look at that side profile. I think every coin should have this face on it. Jeez Louise, that's hilarious. Just changed the thumbnail. What can I say? I'm a pretty funny guy. Zambucha. He's almost got 10 million [music] subscribers. Pretty cool, right? This thumbnail is literally the perfect opportunity for me to hide in that doorway. Well, that's pretty scary, actually. That is pretty scary. Okay, let's send it off. He agreed to change the thumbnail and literally right after that, somebody noticed. Is no one going to talk about the guy in the thumbnail? No, we are not. Isaiah photo 10.3 million subscribers. Too easy. I think I've seen this man's toes more than I've seen my own. And so, I think that's exactly where I'm going to put myself. There I am. Right. Right in there. It just looks like his toe. I just look like Isaiah Photo's toe. He changed it. And let's be real, nobody is going to notice this. I just look like his toe. Next up is Eric. He's got 16 million subscribers and he's the real king of hiding in YouTube videos. His most viewed video has 46 million views. And yeah, that's the one that I'm going for. Okay, I'm just going to do it. See this guy right here? His name is Beans. And I'm going to replace him. I'm going to chop him out of this photo. It's like this. I'm going to replace him with someone a little bit more handsome. All right. Now, that looks pretty good. I got to give an apology to beans because I mean like that works pretty freaking well. All right, let's send it off. Even though I'm kind of stealing his flow with this video, the king of sneaking into things let me sneak into his thumbnail. He said Dunky [laughter] he Ryan Trey just hit 20 million subscribers and [music] people say we might be related. What if I hid in his video where he hid celebrities on his Instagram post, but I'm hiding in his YouTube thumbnail where I'm hiding in YouTube thumbnails from YouTube creators. And I'm thinking I go right where this old man is. First, let's cut out this old man. Stop and he's gone. Okay. I mean, low key, the tables have turned cuz look, nobody's going to be expecting yikes to be hiding in Ryan Trean's video where he's hiding himself in celebrity Instagram post. It has been changed. I officially hid myself in Ryan Trean's video about hiding celebrities in his Instagram post. Preston 30 million subscribers. This guy's my entire childhood. He just followed me on Instagram like a couple weeks ago, but I never DM'd him or talked to him aside from at a convention like two years ago, and he didn't know who I was. I I'm scared, guys. 68 million views, five ways to prank your little brother's Minecraft house. All right. All right. It's okay. It's okay. It's all right. Okay. I'm so scared. I'm so terrified to send this to him, but I think I it just has to be done. He said yes. In fact, he said, "You don't even got to ask." What was I even worried about? This dude is like the nicest guy on the planet. All right, that was the last YouTuber. Now, go ahead and throw up the exact amount of views that my face has gotten from this video. All right, [snorts] I'm done. Well, guys, we made it to the end of the video, and I just wanted to come on [music] here and let you know that I've grown as a person. You know, at the beginning of this video, I really was just obsessed with getting recognized in public. You know, at this point, I just don't think I really care. Like, [music] if someone came up to me and recognized me, I just Wait, I think I've seen you on YouTube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MattsBFRT [1 likes]: Go in one of my thumbnail
  2. @Veli20610: 11:00 thats not a baby😭😭
  3. @tunwin6987: Bro forgot he is a youtuber
  4. @rag_cat7513: I have the challenge for most of them, but not all of them before he shows me just a little challenge to find them.
  5. @Superyoonchae: 18:44 VIXI MY FAV YOUTUBER
  6. @GamingWithBlaiseb: Bro yikes you make my day
  7. @Victoriamuindisi: why does yikes look like Matthew Trahan
  8. @notXYZgamer: Did you change the thumbnail to you have a different sweater
  9. @ekeryt.16: 19:45 hes in both thumbnails aint he?
  10. @Henrythesquidguy: He’s in both here 19:46
  11. @AlfieField-d5u: Hi
  12. @sUGARYsWEETdREAMS: Why does it feel like every YouTubers are here there in the comments 😭😭😭
  13. @AmeerAmeer-x9e9y: A
  14. @ayaalqasimi2749: 19:45 why is he on both thumbnails ?
  15. @Jaden_does_VR: In polymars he’s in the mouth  on soggy cereal he’s on the bed on a phone on hunter williams he’s one of the people  on Josh Krueger he’s next to the person in the black shirt in the back on Dave k  he’s the person next to the girl on time works he’s peeking through the door on jack Gordon he’s on the rock in Dillon lathham he’s peeking through the door in Preston goes he’s on the wall on George mason tv he’s one of the people in the back in not vixsios he’s one of the people with a vr headset in hangtime he’s sitting in the back in Bundun he’s in his mouth in family friendly he’s one of the people in the back in master builders he’s in the Lego person in steak he’s under the bed in Nickolas cold he’s peeking through the window in Joe bartolozzi he’s peeking from what ever that is in royal pear he’s in the background  in soup Timmy he’s flying in the background
  16. @kiyvxs: i would put thisdude in my thumbnail
  17. @died16gd: This song 24:48
  18. @died16gd: Who listens to this song allot 24:49
  19. @AllainahFaith: ... You have the a picture new
  20. @Jamika-f1e: I don’t know if you meant this, but there’s a YouTuber named yikes in your thumbnail

- We Found The "Worst" Grifter Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en If you've been on YouTube, you've seen this thumbnail or this thumbnail or this thumbnail. Thumbnails that tend to rage bait, that tend to draw your eye quickly with some inflammatory controversial statement, usually over games or some nonsense. Well, which one's the best? Not necessarily what's the highest quality, but rather which one is so ridiculous, so obscene, so absurd that it just catches your eye immediately. Well, on a larger charity stream, a few guests and I decided to have a tournament arc to rank the best or in this case maybe worst thumbnail possible. As for who I dragged into this, well, fans of the channel might recognize some of them, but for those who don't, we have Crimes New Roman, Gus from We Not Alive, Andrew Buet, Seuros from the Obsidian Archive, Artis Kyla T, and the artist for every thumbnail I have, Crimson Ender. So, without further ado, I'll just let the events play out before you. >> Actually, um, Crimes, now you're on here, we have a bracket you put together. So, uh, Crimes, am I explaining this concept to everyone? >> Yes. Thank you. So, um, what I did was I found, uh, a lot of some of my favorite anti-woke/chud thumbnails, and I thought it would be fun to pit them against one another in a bracket so we could go through and choose the ultimate chud thumbnail and a head-to-head. I tried to match um reasonably stylistic ones uh to each other at the beginning so it's like kind of fair. I uh you know also tried to do as they would do to keep it on a fair playing field so I made sure initially the women are only against the women so it's fair. >> So what are we talking about at the moment? Uh I've completely lost track. >> Okay so speedrun here. We're about to start a new game. It's a tournament arc of chuty thumbnails. >> Oh, okay. >> Uh, obviously for this first one, it's all milk, no men. >> Yeah. So, obviously, so [laughter] let's examine let's examine these first before we decide. Uh, we're going to vote on them collectively. So, let's start with this right here. So, this first we have first we have >> mind explaining this one. What [laughter] even is this about? >> See, I thought about this. Should I explain it or should the the vibes emanate in a way that people have to interpret it? >> I think we should explain. >> Don't explain. We're going to look it up afterwards. [laughter] >> Perfect. Okay, deal. >> Yeah, let's try going off of like what would you what would makes you want to click on this video more. What's the better art? Cuz you actually design for those who don't know in the chat. We've mentioned this before. Crim does all the art for my channel since like May as a thumbnail artist. You have these two right here. >> I mean, I wouldn't click on either of these, but All Milk No Men is really funny to me. >> Pretty great, right? >> It is. >> I think the top one has more charm, but the other one is a bit more artistically >> complicated. I find the guy on the bottom easier to bully. >> That's true. I do find >> I would bully the guy on the bottom. I would push him into a locker and take all of his lunch money. >> All right, just so we clear and call him a porn brain addicting in any capacity. >> I I do. >> The person who made this is a woman. >> I would bully the guy. >> So Crim, the person is a woman, but I would bully her in >> fascinating. Pick me. A wonderful Crim. These are both Pikmis. >> Amazing. >> Yeah, [laughter] which is even funnier. This is so on the thumbnail they put themselves on the thumbnail. So, this is the creator of this video and this is the creator of this video. >> Well, you know, say to No, I shant. I'll be good. I'll be a [laughter] good boy. >> Well, the top one makes me feel like it it especially now that you pointed that out. It's like, well, I'm I'm going to try to hide myself behind here. So, maybe you think somebody else made this video. While the one on the bottom, she's like, "No, I said it. You got [laughter] a problem." >> Now, you know what? Come over here. >> I get that. More comp. more like putting themselves out there. I I get that. >> I think the top one has to win just out of the sheer lack of context and silliness. >> Yeah, agreed. >> Okay, so it looks like chat is unanimously for all milk. No, man. Let's move that. Echoes that goes the next round. Now time for two. Oh, I I know her freaking Jester bell. >> Oh no. >> Everyone's favorite Grifter Jester Bell. >> One's bright and colorful while the other one has a bit of a Virgin Mary energy. I hope I like I like that one. >> Which one? >> Cuz can we stop now? I don't know what it's about, but men are spooky. >> Yeah. [laughter] And look, men are spooky. >> The top one is very much about racism. Like straight up. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. I could tell cuz of the black man staring menacly in the back in the top one. He's just there looking at black guy >> and then and then sleep in the corner. [laughter] >> I think like can we stop now? probably thinks it's making good points that are probably like wrong, but the bottom one is just kind of like she had a bad day and she's like spooky and I had TO MAKE THE VIDEO. >> BUT ALSO LIKE [laughter] and also I love how it's like Peter B. Parker with a gun in his mouth on the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thumbnail. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just noticed that. >> Yeah. [laughter] And that's and that's um Pedro Pascal with like a clown nose. >> Yeah. As he's dying because he's got an arrow out of that. >> That's right. I forgot about that. The arrows in his chest. Whereas this the top one I'm assuming is about the Harry Potter TV show um based on just context clues. Oh, I get now. That's the actor playing and that's the actress playing Hermione and it's parallel. >> I heard about that. So I I kind of clocked that when I first saw it. I was like okay she's going to talk about can we stop switching the races of characters right now rather than like can we just stop with Harry Potter like >> I want my transphobia to be all white. >> So racism and transphobia perfect cocktail. But I also got to say breakfast. >> I also [laughter] got to say this. Unless you're aware of the casting of Harry Potter, like there's not a whole lot that makes it obvious talking about Harry Potter exclusively in this thumbnail. >> I think my personal taxonomy for these, like the way I'm grading them is how much they feel like I would see them in a bad dream. Like like I open YouTube in a nightmare and like this is the thumbnail that looks at me. And I think men are spooky. Definitely. I think the bottom one is definitely probably the more eye-catching one which will probably lead to the more clicks. >> I agree there. And Jester Bell at le Okay, so Jester Bell for all of her faults understands one concept. Bright colors draw the eye. Whereas this is so muted and dark and dank. It's like it's hard to see. I don't know. It doesn't catch my eye as much. Also, I like Spider-Man more than uh Harry Potter. So, uh for obvious reasons, so that works out. Yeah. >> So, I think we all agree. Chat agrees. We all agree Jester Bell wins this round. She She won something for once. Good job, Jester Bell. Congratulations on your win. Let's go down the bracket. Okay. [laughter] >> All right. We We know the bottom. Strong message. >> This is a strong message. [laughter] >> Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Okay. Do we even need to debate this one? I looked so hard to try and find a thumbnail that might compete with Gay Venom, but like it is it is like perfect. [laughter] I think this is a genuinely perfect thumbnail. >> Like the top one just the guy peeking around the corner just has like a mischievous energy. [laughter] >> The dad from Dexter's Lab. >> So that is is the creator's like avatar thing. It's it's a it's an anti-woke dude named Sel who in in my opinion is underrated because he takes like the usual things that a lot of these people say and says them in the most like insane off-the-wall like completely insane ways that you possibly got. I think he is severely underappreciated and his thumbnails are fire. >> Is that indium TV the gay one? Of course it is. >> That is indmium. Okay, >> my girl. [laughter] >> I may have to watch this on stream. This This thumbnail is too good. I >> do have one question. What is it with like this one and then this other one with just black men staring at you from the corner of the thumbnail? Like y'all got that same racist brain cell that just thought, "Oh, I'mma do that." >> But I also got to say this, too. It's like the top one, the Xbox gay pass, first off doesn't tell me what like the video is actually about, but secondly, what's gay about the thumbnail? The word gay is on there, but there's nothing homoerotic about it. Whereas Venom Gay makes sense. Like everyone recognized that movie is extremely homoerotic. >> The like aspect ratio pushes this one over the edge because it's obviously a mistake, but it's so funny. >> Oh yeah. It's like the freaking like black bars on the top and bottom. Like that's Jesus Christ. >> I just love it though. It looks like he's he's yelling at me like gay. >> I think everything about this thumbnail is amazing. I think we just know it wins. I need a poll. Chat, you all agree chat. This is This is This is the winner. All right, next thumbnail. This is a little This is a little trickier. Wait a minute. >> This there's some You have a face on the top one you could instantly identify mentally. The other one you you have to take an extra like 3 seconds to understand what's going on. >> That's true. >> Well, there's something else I can identify in the top one, too. >> Oh, yeah. There's Zelda looking at it, too. >> Honestly, though, it's these are at least both like decentish thumbnails, but like the problem is they're making fun of Sweet Baby Inc., But it's like a tiny little eighth of the thumbnail. Most of it's the game's on fire. It's hard to identify what you're talking about from the thumbnail alone. >> But this is like >> you need some text on that one. >> You need some text on this one. Exactly. Whereas this one, it's like >> Link's big face, but then you have Zelda's gigantic um front. Uh but it's not [laughter] >> This is a video about cocking. >> It's a video about cucking. Yeah. I feel like the top one is like way more like angry and mean-spirited. So, I think that pushes it over for me. >> Yeah. But I love how they have like Link look like the good doctor guy is a confession. >> OH, YOU'RE RIGHT. >> What's funny is none of this makes any cohesive sense. Whereas this makes a lot more sense logically, but this is the more compelling thumbnail. Like again, you look at a bigger thumbnail. Yeah, the big the Sweet Baby Ink needs more context, but I get, oh, Sweet Baby Inc., it's destroying video games. But you have to like zoom into the details to register what's actually happening here. Like unless you have it blown up, you can't figure out what's happening. Whereas this one, it's easy from a distance. If you're looking at on from a phone, you know what it's trying to say. Generally, at least the body. >> The face alone that Link is making, I think makes [laughter] the thumbnail. >> It's perfect. And of course, any thumbnail with with Zelda that draws you like that is going to get attention because it's just eye-catching. >> Can I issue the people of this in the voice chat right now? I'd like to issue you you all a challenge. >> Okay, go for it. >> I think I think we should all make our own chuty thumbnails. >> Yes, I agree. I I think what we should do is after this tournament arc produce it. That way we've we've examined this thoroughly. We know what works and what doesn't >> and then we take the lessons we learned to make our chutiest possible thumbnails. So crim accept your challenge after this one. Anyway, uh and and poll one wins. Moving on for that one. Oh god, what even is this one? Isn't the indian one down here? >> Yo, don't that top one go against toos? >> Yeah, that's like really against [laughter] to I feel like. >> And it's the same guy peeking up from the corner just like you want to watch this. >> Hey, what's going on, buddy? [laughter] >> I think the bottom one is a lot more fire. I think the bottom one, it has like all the symbolism with as as less assets as possible. >> The bottom one is more clear. It's very direct. It's very simple. It's refined. It's It's clearcut. But that top one though, I got to give it credit for breaking to so blatantly. Like [laughter] it really is like explicit. But uh yeah, I I feel like this top one's too cluttered. Yeah, there's too much going on. It's just >> And it's also I'll say this too. From a distance, none of the colors pop. Like this green check mark, it kind of it kind of disappears a little bit into the hues. >> It has like sheer audacity, but not much else going on. >> Yeah. Panel, what do you all think? Yeah, I I think the top one I it's it's very specific. I think it's good for people who are looking for very specifically commentary on all the shenanigans that went around with the Spider-Man 2 game and all of the various um Chud related complaints that were circulating at the time. But the bottom one, it's like pulling me to it. I'm like, is this like protrans? Is this anti-trans? Like what? Like what is this? What does this mean? I need to find out. >> Honestly, it makes me want to know what the title of the video is between that one and the Venom one because yeah, like you mentioned, it seems contradictory. Like I don't know what position this person is trying to take. And the only way I would know was either through the video title or by trying to sit through the video. >> Uh the title is what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is Battlefield 6 doing now? Explanation mark question mark. You see, I'm not I would never the title dude does not match the thumbnail. I guess I don't know. Like these are very contradictory, but like the thumbnail is eye-catching. It draws you in. I don't think you're going to have much of a change in what we thought. But between these two thumbnails, Andrew, what do you think is the better one? >> I I have so many questions about that [laughter] first one. >> Why does dad have a goatee? That's what I [laughter] thought. Okay, good. We're on the same page there. Anyway, moving on though. I think we are getting a little sidetracked. We have to finish this tournament at some point in time. It's It's too beautiful. We're on the bottom two brackets here, I think. Yeah. No, there's more. Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] There's a lot more. Okay, so these two um >> I'm so confused. >> I'm not going to lie. I I [sighs] these are these are both decent thumbnails. I'm not going to lie. I mean, they just won is very confident, >> especially with the Malice Invisible Woman skin. >> This looks like they're just mad they lost the game in Marvel Rivals. >> This is actually about people being uh angry that the Malice skin is a Goonar skin. and this guy celebrating how hot women are are back in video games and now Marvel rivals going to make a billion dollars by selling an invisible woman's skin with her ass out. >> And I'm sure this means the culture war is over, right? It's won forever and we can just stop. >> But like does was anyone actually upset by that? Like >> these these people are just like still ass mad about Anita Sarkeesian. That's what this is. really are. >> Gamergate never died. Gamergate never died. >> It's true. It's true. >> I'm not going to lie, I kind of like the Marvel Rivals one so far just because there's the Malice skin on there, which I like for wholesome family reasons. I'm just glad we're referencing classic Marvel stories like the Malice story. I will say this, the Malice skin from the games actually improved the costume from the comics. Just saying right now. >> Yeah. Yeah. As somebody that had to draw Malice for a thumbnail for you. >> Yeah. Yeah. For those who don't know, um, this is Malice in the comics. Oh, god damn. Yeah. Yeah. Vast glow up from in the games. >> That's so 90s. It's like the '9s is just radiating off of >> It's actually from the 80s. >> '8s. >> Yeah, I think it's the 80s. >> It's funny to me because like the video game version seems like, okay, yeah, we looked at the original drawing, but this needs to move, you know? >> Yeah. And also like they they just improve it. Like they have more belts. Like they do the Final Fantasy belt thing. It looks She raided Lulu from Final Fantasy 10's closet for this one, which is pretty cool. Whereas this is just like leather dress. >> If you raided Lulu's closet for belts, Lulu wouldn't even notice the belts were gone. >> No, it would just be like, "Oh, there you go. Just there you go." Also, I'm not going to say cooked rockstar dei cabal exposed. >> That's how you spell cabal, you freaking fools. >> Yeah, it isn't. It's a spelling error already. >> It looks like It looks like they're saying like a new word that's like decal. >> You want to go down to the local Decabal joint? >> Oh. I love D Kabali's food. >> But um I will say this right now uh between these two, even though both are pretty mid and don't compare it to Gay Venom, uh I will say I think Moral Rivals is winning this one, [laughter] which is >> I think so. I think just compositionally it's it's stronger. >> Hey, they didn't steal her ass. >> They did not steal their ass. >> They didn't steal that one. >> Didn't Gimme make a video about that where they stole Oh, yeah. One >> she's the one who stole the other ones. >> It had to go somewhere. only the >> world needs to wake [laughter] up to ask consciousness. That's the >> BBL thief. >> My god. [laughter] >> Yeah. I I I think we can we can safely close the book on this one. Yeah. One wins. >> I'm I'm very curious to see people's takes on the next set. >> OH GOD. [laughter] >> QUIFICATION. QUIFICATION. >> Uh just I think we all >> bottom one. You think the bottom one wins with uh the EAB highlightification is such a strong word. I I need I want to watch it. What does Rick have to do with Overwatch? Like it's like these are two different gaming franchises. >> We're still getting stuff from making another Riddic movie too. Also >> like unless they're telling me that's Riddic like he's just crossed the Pon line or something. >> Yeah. which is a bit baffling cuz apparently >> Beware the pipeline. Beware the >> beware the pipeline Rick. >> Mhm. >> They're both so strong, but just having a picture of Baby Yoda with the Rword obscured behind it is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] funny to me. >> It's like why why you have that behind you? Like I get that is for branding, but I think if like EAP removed the border and it was just like the white void, Baby Yoda, [laughter] and the R word behind it, I think it would be like stronger. >> You know what? I I too would call Baby Yoda a slur. [laughter] >> Well, which slur though, which slur would you call? >> Everyone a slur? >> That one. >> That one. Well, he looks at you with those eyes. By the way, uh the first one wins from popular poll. I think we're all in agreement that the pussification is the better thumbnail. >> Oh god. >> Wow. >> Number two. >> These are both bad. These are both really bad thumbnails. I'm not going to lie. >> They're different flavors of bad though. >> I like the bottom one the most though. >> Yeah. I I too. Are they trying to make him gay, black, and disabled with like a bloated What is this? Like a >> They just put in AI. It's only I >> I was going to say and the AI once again kind of proving a point of generative AI being like racist. Um he just looks really tan. They don't even really look like a black >> the arms kind of. And the arms don't look like the face. Like they're not matching in lighting texture. They didn't cut out between the spokes of the wheel. >> Oh god. Yeah. No, you're right. Those the spokes of the wheel are just like the ground behind him. >> I didn't even notice that. That's so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] goofy. Whereas like this is like just screenshots that they took and like didn't even bother like editing it to match in with anything else. >> Yeah. And there's like a tiny tiny like word bubble that you can't even read if you're looking at this on like your phone. >> It says strong female characters was always Sorry. Sorry. Hang on. Strong female characters was always the plan. >> Characters was [laughter] Have you guessed mind introducing yourself there to the chat? >> Hi. [laughter] Artis TV. Oh, hey >> Artis, you're jumping in at the best possible moment right now. Let me bring up your channel real quick. [laughter] So, anyone to sub to Artis? Here you go. Cool stuff here. You jumped at the right time because we're looking at thumbnails. >> Um, >> right here. As someone who makes videos, what do you think about these two thumbnails? >> Well, the top one is a just a mess. I can't even make out what's going on. >> Okay. Can we can we show art some of the previous ones as well? >> Yeah, let's show some of the previous ones. You have a taste what we're going with. So, here's some of the uh the thumbnails we're going with right here. >> Clearly clearly high art. Um those are pretty bad. These are pretty bad. Can you even guess what this topic's about? This this um malice one. >> They just want I'm assuming blah blah blah insecure manchild women with their tits out. Good lord. >> Uh inaccurate. It's [laughter] about butts actually. Also, how this is so terrible. How do we explain this to another human being? It's like like how do you even like >> it's indecipe equality. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this about? >> Right. Okay. Good question. >> However, the >> Okay, that one is just the good doctor meme. >> Okay, we were right. We were right. >> It was good doctor. That's we were thinking it was. >> Yeah, >> I like the venom. [laughter] We I think we all alike. That's our That's our favorite so far. You get to vote on this one cuz you just joined in. [laughter] >> They're both gay, black, and disabled. HEY, THAT'S ME. >> I KNOW, RIGHT? >> It all works out. >> It also feels like a bingo. Like gay, black, dis bingo. >> I got it. >> I got it. [laughter] >> I think it has to be the second one. Like I I think that's easy. They're both like hateful, but we cannot reward the like top ones like level of like utter flop. >> So bad. But yeah. No, gay, black, and disabled. I think we we know that's good. Has to win. I'm sorry. Yeah. Okay. So, now we're on round two. So, we got these two thumbnails. All milk, no men or men are spooky. Men are >> like men are spooky cuz her face she's like, >> I just love how upset she is on the bottom. Like the video happened to her. I wish that I could take her and put her in All Milk No Men. >> I know, right? [laughter] >> And like, have I seen both? I know for a fact they're both so boring. [laughter] Like, as like presences on screen, they're so dull, both of them, but their thumbnails are so entertaining. >> I have to admit, so the chats for the Jester Bell one was like, "Mommy, why does Spider-Man have a gun in his mouth?" [laughter] It is kind of like >> Yeah. It's like, what even is this? Like his doesn't want to be in that thumbnail anymore. >> He doesn't. He wants to get out of there. >> The more I look at Jester Mills, the more I'm laughing. I'm sorry. I got a vote. >> No, I think it's the funnier of the two. >> Let's do a vote with everyone in the panel. So, Artis, who do you vote for? >> Uh, Men are spooky. >> All right. So, Men Spooky got one. Uh, Crimes, what do you got? >> All milk. >> All milk men. So, we got one and one for each. Crim. >> That's two for that. Uh, Gus, >> men are spooky. >> Ah, tie down Kyle. [laughter] >> Men are spooky. >> Men are spooky. He's got three. Okay. Okay. We're We're going there. Okay. >> All right. So, >> who's next? >> Andrew's next than you. >> All milk, no man. >> All right. We're tied. Okay. We're tied here. Okay. >> Ah, it's tricky cuz I I I think about that one meme about man milk. On the flip side, however, just seeing like seeing seeing Pia Parker wanting to end it all like just in the corner there, it [laughter] it has a mouth feel to it, you know? It's just >> um I'm going to have to go with the bomb one. Men spooky. >> All right, Men Spooky wins. >> Okay, next one. >> Oh, come on. Is this even a question? >> Gay. >> Gay. Gay Venom. Everyone gay Venom. It's a shame that Indie Meian TV makes 17 videos with the same thumbnail, but I digress. I will say this, if the Good Doctor video was not going up against Gay Venom, it might make it to the final bracket. >> No, it's solid. This was This was a a contentious round. >> Okay, so now we got Bigots and they just won. So, >> they just won. >> I don't know. This is a tricky one. >> I don't know. I like bigots. I think it's big. >> I [laughter] feel like a guy fights for trans rights, >> but I I feel >> Yeah. He's going to eliminate all the bigots on Earth. >> I this this soldier I feel like he's a trans mask icon. Yeah. Right. Like he's got to be a trans guy that's fighting against bigots. >> Going on, right? >> He's a hero. [laughter] >> Yeah. But that being said, Malice is on the other thumbnail and I, you know, don't wait. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] gooner. You're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thirsty ass. [laughter] Hey, we're all a little thirsty, you know. Just Yeah. >> I mean, Malice is pretty and all, but where's the love in this thumbnail? The had to put a background, a font. This one just has font on the front. >> You know what? Or Artis has run me over. I think Bigots might be the better thumbnail objectively. >> That trans mask soldier would pick you up in his loving arms and carry you to transgender heaven. I think >> I love how the concept of [laughter] this thumbnail we have in our heads is better than the video, probably. All right. So, Bigots wins that round. Next round is [laughter] >> Okay, we got we got the low effort. [laughter] >> We got the the bizarness of this one and the AI gay flag art of this one. Listen, >> pussification is such a strong word. >> It's so strong. >> Like implying implying that we're making Riddic into a fem is also [laughter] just a strong word. And like here's the thing also. I will be honest. Gay, black, and disabled, you're not going to have the progress flag for that. >> Like just the gay flag. Like I I feel like there's more than >> Hey, I would Can I May I point something out? It's not the uh It's not just the gay flag. It's the Baker gay flag. The original, >> the OG. [laughter] >> It's got that It's got that cyan stripe in it. >> And and appreciator of gay history. I'm sure Andy Pants is. >> Yes, I'm sure. Well, Andy Pants probably is, but uh not for the reasons that he probably wants to admit. >> Got him in a wheelchair, so you you got the disabled covered. And some would argue >> he's kind of tananish. Don't you know everyone with a slight tan is automatically black? >> Yeah. Are these both Andy Pants Gaming? >> Yes. >> Okay. Yeah, of course they are. >> I also want to point out he is wearing a vest, which allegedly is something only gay people wear. >> What? allegedly. I love vest, but uh we both agree that the top thumbnail wins, right? We all agree. This is all >> I I like the bottom one, but if the majority agrees. >> Yeah. I I I I see the appeal of the bottom one, but I think I just think like it's there's something really strange about this one. >> They're both great, but I think the first one is is is stronger. >> Yeah. Yeah. I think the singular word is just like so deeply uncomfortable. It's like, yeah, this works. And the period on the end. I just >> Oh god. Is a period. They both have periods on the end. >> Well, you know what? So, >> h listen. I think it's time to knock Jessel out of the uh the ranking. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. I'm sorry you can't keep a good run. >> You know what, Jesselle? You did better here than ever before. Any any objection to Jesselle, by the way, before we progress forward? >> No. Like the narrative the narrative here is clear. If men are spooky, Venom shouting gay should scare her right out of the blood. Exactly. >> I I feel like the video is actually probably about how, hey, the woke media is telling you that men are spooky and it's wrong for them to do so. >> That's probably what the video is. >> Having seen on Justabelle's videos, I can guarantee it's not that well thought out. Like, she repeats the same point 17 times in the videos and never moves past it. >> Her Harley Quinn video especially, I had issues with. Yeah, but don't you know that men are spooky and also clowns? >> Men are spooky and clowns. That's what The It Movie told me. >> Oh, this is Oh, no. >> This is harder. I I I think for me pussification is the front runner because like there's like he he basically invented a whole new word to describe like um the the the the act of feming masculine men over time, which which I think is a linguistic accomplishment. >> But I I kind of love the pussification one, too. It's just so goofy. >> Yeah. just Oh my >> want to go down the line and vote again. >> Let's go down the line. I'm going with pussification. What do you guys think? >> I'm I'm sticking with bigots. If pussification if it didn't have that rainbow arrow, it it honestly just didn't need it. >> but >> yeah. >> it doesn't need it, but I think it adds something to it, I think. Okay, [laughter] what do you think? >> I think pussification. >> Pussification. Okay. Okay. Uh Crim. >> Oh god, I Oh my god, it's so hard. They're both so good in different ways. >> They're amazing. >> I think my fanfiction about the first one is what makes me so excited about >> But I think we're going to I think I h I think I have to go with pussification, though. >> All right. All right. Okay. >> It's just so such a powerful message. >> That's [laughter] true. That's three for pussification and one for bigots. Uh Gus, you might be the deal if you you you might be the deal breaker here. >> Okay. My my I I I'm choosing the top one because the matchup of bigots versus gay is like I'm so hyped for that. >> Well, it'll be Andian versus himself. That's a fair point. Uh Kyla >> I got to go with pussification. It's just it it's just it's so >> and uh Okay, so we got two more votes. Uh, Andrew, if you girls, depending what you vote for, this gonna have either lead it up to chat to decide or we move forward. >> I I'm vote I'm voting for bigots. It just it just has that punchiness. >> Okay. Big. Okay. >> Chat decides. Chat, I love democracy. Which one? Chat, cuz we're divided. You got to decide. >> We are We are a nation divided between Oh, chat's really close, too. Oh my goodness. >> Oh, man. It's a tough one. This is the battle of battles today. >> Let's go. Pussification. Woohoo. >> Pussification's [laughter] winning, >> but it's close. >> If that thumbnail is to be believed, Pussification already won. >> Well, also, if you vote for Pussification, you will get Pussified for free. [laughter] I I'll cover I'll cover the cost. Okay, >> ending the poll now. The winner is Andy Pants Gaming. >> He advances to the final round. >> Let's go. >> He can't win custody of his daughter, but he can win this poll. >> He may win this poll, but not this one. >> Andy Bengian just to face off against him a second time. >> I think I think gay like like like that like that's just my all-time favorite anti-woke thumbnail. Like straight up. I I almost feel bad putting it in here. It's like >> G above it. >> So, we know it won. Uh we know for better or worse, gay is the victor. Uh we we we all have decided this. Now, it's time for us to take the reigns. We've learned the lessons. Now, it's time for us to absorb it. If you haven't started your thumbnail yet, now is the time to do it. I'm going to do mine on stream so you see the transparency of what I'm planning. >> Yes. But the rest of >> you said transparency. Is that a hint? Is yours is going to involve something with a trans flag? >> I didn't think of that actually until just now. But yeah, certainly. That's exactly what I was playing the whole time. Yeah, that that was it. [laughter] >> Should there be a time limit? >> Yes. Here is the time limit. We have 10 minutes. >> I bet they don't even spend that amount of time making it. >> Oh, no. No. We're putting more We're putting more time than we than we ever did. Starting now. >> 10 minutes later. Okay, >> I just I just exported. >> Excellent. >> I went to the general chat to look and just >> now when we say general [laughter] chat, we're talking about the voice chat. General track, right? >> I don't know if I can post this one. Crimes, I love it. >> All right. So, who wants to go first? Who wants to explain their project first? >> Uh, should we go down the line of who uh >> I think we should just go down the line of who submitted. Let's go down the list one by one. Let's start with Artis's here. So, Artis uh explain this to us. [snorts] >> Okay. So, for some people that might uh know me online, I do review a lot of uh Hasbin. I used to review Hell of a Boss. I review Hasbin now. It was a common occurrence back in the day. I've noticed that people, especially hardcore Christians, were like, "Oh, this show is turning everyone gay and evil and it's in hell. They want you to worship Satan's daughter. Nonsense. [laughter] Utter satanic panic as usual. I was channeling that. I was like, what would evil artist do? Like, oh, okay. This is what I'm going to do. A fire cuz hell, a gay flag with all the trimmings and has been hotel. What? What do they mean by this? What do they mean by placing this show in hell and having so many gay characters? What did they mean by this? >> Clever. Clever. I I respect the artistry there. I like the commitment to the bit. Um I also love whether intentional or not the out of focus has been hotel logo. That's perfect. [laughter] Like I love how it's a little like a little pixelated but also like out of focus but the sharp fire and gay flag next to it. Like it's just perfection. Let's move on to crimes which may get me fired and cancelled but let's just do it anyway. It's enough think of times passed. [laughter] >> If anything it'll get me fired and cancelled. Hey, what do you mean by this? >> Awesome. >> I'm excited. >> Oh my god. >> I'm going to click away from this one. Cry just because I feel like if I don't, someone's going to screen cap it in the worst possible way. [laughter] >> We're playing with fire on that one. Crimes. Yo, if if if these guys are going to push the boundary [laughter] of what can be on a thumbnail, then you bet your ass I'm going to do it, too. Okay. >> Hey, listen. All right. If anything was to ever happen to me, for the love of God, do not put me on a thumbnail. Okay. >> I mean, >> um I think Crimes wins the most audacious thumbnail by a mile. I think that's definitely the the most that we can ever get out of this. Uh, so Saros, how do you explain this one? >> Okay, so this this is about the the horrors of like corpo life when you're like making a franchise and and you have to like swap everyone out. They call it DI hell. Uh, but fortunately this this brave, stunning uh cat humanoid creature known as Nion Frat is here to like set the record straight and to, you know, stick it to these two SJWs in hell. For real, that I love everyone's going to hell with these. Uh, some wouldn't others from back in the day. >> Uh, Crim uh, [laughter] >> beautiful. >> They took everything. They took my house. They [laughter] took my shoes. They took the last candle. Who hash? Took it off. >> I'm channeling I'm channel I'm also kind of channeling that one. The Zelda one. The good doctor one with the with the cucking. I'm doing some implied cucking as well. is bad. >> No. Uh, you know. >> Yeah. Or Yeah. Something like that. It's Mario's upset because I don't know. >> Fair. Fair. I appreciate that. >> You know, it's it's gay cucking, so I'm I'm smashing a few concepts together. >> That's fair. Uh, Kyla. Um, [laughter] I love the wasted pair. Oh, I had to go with the seemingless like apparently this is going to be their evergreen topic, which is just >> Superman and uh the Snider verse. Like >> I wish these guys love their families as much as they love Zack Snider. >> They really do. [laughter] >> They they love Zack. >> I like the GTA wasted in there. I think that's I can imagine seeing this. Yeah, this this I feel would actually be a >> This is like an actual this is the most realistic one so far, I think. >> Yeah. And I had to include the cuz they always have somebody crying in the thumbnail that's like taken out of context. So, I had to find James Gun and add him in there. [laughter] >> Uh, sorry, Mr. Gun. >> I love it. I love it. All right. Now, here's mine. I don't think I need to explain this too much. Uh, just a very basic Marvel Grifter type thumbnail. lot of goopy venom as encouraged by um Crim uh observing Supergirl image very simple basic >> Supergirl isn't even Marvel so we >> I know I think in fairness like they would do that too I think I think I channeled it um Andrew of course uh explain this one real quick >> I was desperate and I thought hey I have a template someone said would we do this in the style of our own videos and I was like that's a fun idea unfortunately I didn't have like another like 15 minutes to like figure out a background from a game that I haven't played and know very little about yet to uh actually make it like nice and like sketchy like a sketch uh as a background and then put the right colors on it. So I was like uh trans flag uh Clive is implied to be gay uh gay fantasies epidemic. >> You see though I think you put more thought into this than they do with their own thumbnails. So I think it's very important to note [laughter] all >> Yeah, the integration with the logo is >> Yeah, I love the integration. That's actually pretty fantastic. I agree. And now we have [laughter] >> explain [laughter] this to US >> like it. It's clean. >> Very very clear. >> Inspired by the very real problem of asses being stolen. You know [laughter] the warning of what's to come. All right. So, just to review, we have Artis's crimes, [laughter] Zacriosis, uh, Crims, Kryasa's, my own, uh, Andrews, and Gus's. Okay, so let's do with first Ortiz versus Crimes. I'm [laughter] scared to keep Crimes on the Get. >> I do get jump scared by my own thumb, [laughter] though. >> It's It's a lot. on screens. I feel like I'm going get like feelings off. Chat seems to want crime. So, I'm sorry, Ortiz. Even though we're going to hell, I I feel going down a different path to hell than than this one. [laughter] >> Oh, yeah. >> We're all We're all going together. >> Okay. So, then we have uh uh Sacri versus uh Crim. >> I I I think I like the first one. As much as I like the second one, I think it's a little busy. >> I see. Very refined. That being said, though, it doesn't have Bowzette on it. So, that that knocks it down a little bit. >> that [laughter] is that is a fair counter point. >> I feel like both say a lot. I do feel like uh Psychosis is more clear, like more clean, very direct. But I got to I do kind of love the the maximalism of this one. I I was but but I think I feel like that's what a lot I mean like maybe it's not but you remember when they were like doing everything and there was like arrows and circles. >> Yes, that's kind of the channel. Oh god. >> Okay, it looks like Crim you moving on to the next round. So we got Kyla's and we got mine. What do you guys think? >> I think both are really good. I do love how this looks like an actual thumbnail that would exist though. Whereas mine like feels a little too cartoonish. I feel like it's a little too obviously >> [laughter] >> as long as a caricature. >> You can't get the GTA font does elevate everything. I feel like I feel like WE GOT TO GO WITH KYLA. I'm sorry. I got to knock myself wins. >> Okay, so we have Andrews and we have Gus. >> This is a hard one. >> This is a tough one. This is a tough one. So >> the composition is very similar. >> but Future is just a really funny thing. >> It is pretty great. >> They're both really good, but I I kind [laughter] of lost Butler's future. I love that. >> I'm voting for Butler's future. It just It just has this like like you just had this like woman just staring at you and it's like, "Oh, beware. This Butler's future." It just It just has this silliness to it, you know? >> The X over the butt. I do love that. It's just such a nice little >> Just the letter the letter X too. It does It's adds something. >> True. True. I >> I do love the gay fantasies from Andrew. I think that's a really excellent repurposing of the Final Fantasy title. >> Oh yeah, it's brilliant. It's absolutely fantastic. I love that. They're both great is the problem. [laughter] >> If I could if if we were all winners, I'd say we all win, but we're not all winners. Some of us lose. That being said, though, chat is very close. It's like actually neck and neck. >> I have to mention this comment from the chat. It says, uh, X to pay respects for the butt past we once had. >> That's [laughter] true. That is true. >> Never forget. >> All right. Time to time to make enemies in the count. Uh, so Artis, who do you vote for? >> I think Butless is funny, but it's so choppy. But I love how Gay Fantasies looks very clean. I'm voting for Gay Fantasies. >> All right, Gay Fantasies has won. Uh, Crimes, who do you vote for? >> Oh god. As as much as I am opposed to a buttless future, I think the gay fantasy epidemic, Hat has to take it for me. >> All right. Gay fantasy has two. Uh, Crim, who do you vote for? Butless Future is is [laughter] >> pretty great. >> It's so solid. It's just kind of like bam, Buttlas Future. >> I gotta go with Butless Futures, too. I'm put my own vote in there right now. So, we have the last two as the tiebreaker, so I don't have to worry about that. >> In chat, it was literally 5149. It was so close. >> So close. Uh, Kylo, what do you vote for? >> Oh, man. I gotta go with buttless future too just because that thating X at the top man is getting me. >> It is pretty great inseur. [laughter] >> Yeah, definitely definitely the butless future. >> Butless future wins. Gus, you advance next round and now we have to go to the winning round where it's Crim versus um >> this [laughter] took everything one >> with 68 to 32. >> I'm not going to lie, this is pretty that's a lot. [laughter] It's a lot. I gotta go with UH I'M SORRY. I GOTTA GO WITH crimes in this one. [laughter] It's just too It's just I I don't want it to continue, but I kind of love it. >> The thing is like with crimes, you could see like someone who really like that's probably going to be one within a week from now. >> This This one I feel we're making fun of it too much. Crimes I'm like that actually probably exists online somewhere. >> That this one I might use this as an April Fool's um thumbnail. >> Definitely recycle. This is good. Amazing. >> All right. So, I think we can we all agree Crimes advanced. It probably wins this whole tournament. That's too abrasive not to love it. But the runner up is more interesting, I think, in this fight cuz I think Crimes wins entirely. I think we can just give it to Crimes 100%. I'm sorry. [laughter] I don't think any of us can top that one. >> So, let's go for second place. >> Finally, my years of looking at anti-woke thumbnails has paid off. >> I I feel that's fair. All right, let's just narrow it down to like the the second place winner because I feel like we know who the winner is in this one. I'm sorry everyone else, but um >> Kyla versus uh Gus though. >> It's got to be Kyla cuz it looks too real. >> It does look real. >> I love Kyla's. >> Kyla. Yeah, Kyla. >> But I do I do fear the sad butler's future, but I feel like this exists. I feel like the winners are the two that the most realistic of [laughter] them. Honestly, if it doesn't, I will be very disappointed in these people because I was I was like, what's something that I know they're probably going to be talking about to the end of time and I got Superman all over my walls in here like like I have artwork everywhere. >> I can't I do like Kylo's more. >> Yeah, Kylo wins this one. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [laughter] >> The sheer like realness of it. Like the fact that again I could scroll through my YouTube feed and probably see that. >> Yeah. Yeah. All right. Back. Let me put my face back on. I think >> what I think that this really has communicated is that we need to uh collaborate more often because these were some banger thumbnails, >> right? I that's why I've put together like these chats with people. I feel like it's more fun when people can actually talk and like throw ideas together. I don't know. Maybe I'm just crazy. Who knows? But I think it's just a good idea. I think it's fun. Uh, especially because all of you are such different creatives and have different perspectives on this. >> I think really is good because like I feel like often online people have like too many of the same personality types in the same room and like it gets to be a echo chamber almost. I love it when people with different thought process can just pull ideas together. I think it's so cool. >> And speaking of cool ideas, I know someone has been waiting for this thumbnail thing to end. So, I me have a message right here. >> Yeah. And now, now that this segment is over, I have to get back into the editing minds if I'm gonna get the Final Fantasy 10 video out for Christmas. >> Andrew, good luck with that. Uh, you're going to get this out by Christmas, hopefully. And, uh, if you haven't subscribed to Andrew, >> good luck, Andrew. >> Definitely subscribe. His videos are incredibly informative and incredibly interesting. So, jump on those when you get get the chance. AGAIN, SUBSCRIBE TO EVERYONE who's on this show because they're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] great. They're fantastic talented

  Top Comments:
  1. @kdjets [2 likes]: The gay Venom has so much Aura and I think we should actually. Co-Opted to be a pro queer message.
  2. @kdjets [2 likes]: 18:31 what's funny about the Grogu one, is somebody was really editing that and then stood back from their PC monitor and really thought they were cooking... That is so funny to me
  3. @kdjets [2 likes]: 17:38 Yo, Lifeweaver is a confident and cool pansexual Thai hottie in the same way that Riddick conquers his insurmountable situation. It's so sad that so many of these viewers can't understand that both of these characters have aspects of positive masculinity. Riddick conquering his situation for his own benefit and the people that happen to be in the films within that he plays the hero towards. At least I'm pretty sure he saves people. I'm not really that well versed in the Riddick stuff. But Lifeweaver is a confident guy who knows who he is and carved his own path. Like come on... Can we not celebrate the absolute spectrum of manhood that both of these two characters represent instead of doing the predictable and calling the pansexual twink a weak man even though he demonstrates otherwise?
  4. @hanumaniam [1 likes]: 16:40 that IS how you spell "cabal"
  5. @toastwriter617 [1 likes]: It’s you, you’re the grifter
  6. @mydryn_2875 [1 likes]: 16:22
So am I just crazy or are they wrong about "cabal" not being spelled correctly?? I feel like I'm going crazy watching them say that "cabal" isn't correct after double checking multiple times that that is in fact the way it's spelled.
  7. @kdjets [1 likes]: 18:05 look all I'm saying is two different confident ways to be men and overcome adversity to be a hero towards the people around you
  8. @DalatmaydetsyKasKatieLaster: These worst thumbnails will be added to my finest collection ever
  9. @Lady-Heldogor: 10:20 It's supposed to be GD? I thought it was Trum'p face
  10. @Satsujinki1973: 16:23 I don't know if there is a different US spelling of Cabal, but that is in fact how you spell Cabal. Unless you are all confusing Kabal from Mortal Kombat with the correct spelling?
  11. @zachw5693: All Milk, No Men - 2026
  12. @Not_EinLeeterMilch: I remember watching half of AndyPants' Pussification video before realizing that it is NOT in fact satire
  13. @Cyromantik: I love this Collab!!! I didn't look at who would be joining so it's all pleasant surprises ❤
  14. @RaiderSpacer: Another bugman has been found I must contact the exterminators
  15. @BJGvideos: I can't figure out why a group that's so progressive would also act like Sarkeesian was ever anything but a con artist who actively harmed feminism with her double standards, lack of research, and in general misinformation. She was never a hero. Stop touting her as if she was anything but a net negative for actual social progression. She's not a feminist and the sooner people realize that, the more we can actually fight for real social justice.
  16. @heinoussage: Anthony, I just watched the video with the malice thumbnail, all he did was talk about how the game was successful, legendary drops as far as I know isn't one of the grifters you criticize, it's just a click bait thumbnail and your friends didn't do any research

Edit: okay he might be a grifter, but the original was still normal and not really political
  17. @sulefur: 0 callmeivaded thumbnails is criminal
  18. @Jakewake52: Funnily enough ive seen a vid on FF16 with a similar thumbnail iirc talking about interpreting Clive as transmasc. Shit rocked
  19. @eponymousknee: That is how you spell cabal btw.
  20. @discordlexia2429: My griftslop video would be on how the new Thomas the Tank Engine is woke and the thumbnail would be Thomas painted in trans colours with the giant words "TRAINS RIGHTS" and a little guy in the corner with a "Sickos" shirt going "Yes! Hahaha... YES!"

- Why Is It So Hard To Change People's Minds? | Viper Rambles #4: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's me I wanted to believe that this post on my subreddit had been viewbotted It's got 125,000 views It says, what's this guy's name again? Um, what's this guy's name? He's funny Um, Eric Andre? Yeah, Eric Andre So there's an Eric Andre meme where he shoots the guy and then he's like, who could have done this? People use this meme for other reasons Like, basically, I'm shooting my channel here [Reading meme] Delisting old videos! Purging the clips channel! Mimicking the generic clickbait style thumbnails that a thousand other channels do Giving old videos the Star Wars Special Edition treatment Generally stopping making the content that made the channel blow up in the first place And then it ends with, “why is my channel dying?” Why did this get so many upvotes? Literally everything about this is false Let's start with the easier stuff Let's go in reverse Three things The three main series that caused the channel to blow up in the first place was Facts and Glitches, Pacifist, and Chaos Chaos has never stopped Facts and Glitches has never stopped In fact, we've done more facts and glitches in the last couple of months than we had There was like a period where six months, not a single facts and glitches came out But I've got more people working on facts and glitches now than I ever had before There's another episode There's episode 80 just sitting there right now There's another- there’s multiple facts and glitches, adjacent videos that are all being worked on right now that are coming out And Pacifist only ended, because there was no more to come out And a new episode just came out When this was made, this meme, it had already almost been released The thing that this person's talking about is when I removed a section of Pacifist to make it so it wasn't age-gated anymore No one else is gonna notice that I don't have time to go back and to edit all my older videos and stuff A handful I've done for a handful of reasons, but these are usually ones where like, the engagement will be, like, 50%... zero And so I'll just, like, remove that zero But I may have done this like less than 10 times in my entire life or something, cause it’s just It's just not worth It's just very rare a circumstance where a video has a point that ruins the engagement that no one watches for some reason, thumbnails that a 1000 other channels do Come on! My thumbnails are so good! When you see my thumbnails, you're like, “that's a DarkViperAU thumbnail!” Look at this thumbnail and how cool it is and how much symbolism it has in it And like the two and the peace sign and... There's an army of animals and stuff This isn't clickbait It's like the very first thing that happens in the episode where I play tennis, and I get assaulted by an army of animals That’s what happens in the video! It's not clickbait And this is just two pictures from the video These are great thumbnails! I have no idea what you mean! It's crazy a person could call them clickbait or generic in some way They're so good! But my thumbnails are recognizable because they look like they have some meaning and passion behind them Purging the clips channel I brought all those clips back Didn’t I? Did I end up getting rid of them I can’t recall I'm pretty sure I released them all again Yeah, they're all back The channel gets like no views The clips are not algorithmically viable anymore It's not nothing, I suppose It's 100 bucks, 300,000, but it's like just losing subscribers, right? I guess what kind of happens sometimes is this Like it's- there’s just a random clip that's got a bunch of views for some reason But so you've got one clip that has a lot of views and the rest just have nothing But I suppose they can exist for reference for people, but I think I removed a handful of clips No, they're all here I'm not sure I might remove this because it's age-gated And anyway, this is all stuff that's on the main channel in the Facts and Glitches series And they're also as shorts way better Like, you can find these as shorts, and they look way better They're edited in a much better way But there's an obvious reason why we stopped doing Why I stopped uploading to the channel is because they don't get any views, especially compared to shorts, And they cost me money to make each one of these Like someone had to spend time putting these together and putting subtitles on them and stuff, and you'd you'd rather have those people on my team working to make other stuff that you can enjoy far more, right? I don't have- I personally don't have limitless energy or time to produce everything under the sun, and my team doesn't either So many things I want done or that I want to do myself, that I just don’t have the time and energy to do And the delisting of videos? No, I just remove them entirely So I have a long back catalogue of videos that have been removed And the reason they get removed is because no one's watching them I'll look and it'll see like, it'll go like, five years ago, they got like 100,000 views And there's just a straight line Straight line for like the next four years And I'm like, “why is this on my channel?” Like the occasional video or something, but... my goal is that you can go to my channel and you can scroll here and every video that you find will look interesting, be interesting, be appealing You'll be like, “oh I haven't seen this video before!” And you'll click and you'll find something good That anytime my content gets recommended to you, it can be a video that is worth your time to watch It's just the case that some content back in the day wasn't that way It's why, for example, I removed a lot of the older How The Speedrun Ended episodes So there's four compilations here And then there's still like a hundred and... 140 episodes roughly, right? But I'll show you what the original episodes look like So here's uh, we’ll see episode two This is the second episode of How The Speedrun Ended ever Prepare yourself That's it Why the f*ck would I not remove that? There's a reason why all these episodes were removed and made into compilations, because it was just a bunch of stuff like that I'm sure that's not what this person is referring to They're probably referring to, like, I've heard people bring up, for example, the keyboard video where I was looking for a keyboard on the internet Or, sorry, the keyboard video where I was looking for a keyboard on the internet is not relevant Like, it's not factual There's more new keyboards and stuff Watching that video could be mildly interesting at best, but it would probably misinform you about keyboards No one was watching it and it probably had misinformation on keyboards cause I know nothing about keyboards Other people have brought up the... my unboxing of the Custom keyboard that I had I don't use it That's why I took that video down The custom keyboard had two issues that I couldn't solve, and it ended up being too costly to try and solve it and end up being a complete waste of time I appreciate the guy who tried to make it for me, but it just didn't end up working out, so there's no reason to keep that video up And so the video was just misinformation, because it implies that I'm using that keyboard when I'm not I don't like to misinform people Back to this meme I've been removing videos forever my entire career from 2017, when I started to get somewhere to now, every single year has involved me removing videos There is no “wonderful time of DarkViperAU's career...” where I wasn't removing videos And I don't think there's many channels on YouTube that care about their content, who aren't just producing slop, that don't sometimes remove videos I've always said though, I do my best to bring back the best of the content that I remove I've stopped this a bit because people kept complaining about me bringing back old content Like when I tried to bring back rambles from back in the day that I called them legacy rambles that were still very good rambles, but they just were- from in the past And people complained and I was like, so you want me to keep the old content on my channel, but you don't want me to put the old content back on the channel It just goes to show you, like I suppose it's different people, different people, right? Care about this stuff And I understand people like feel a bit baited when it's like, “oh, this is a content I've already seen before” I was like hoping and expecting new content I get that As I say, this is how I've always been And none of these are good So this is generation one This is generation two And then currently on the channel is gen three and gen four And the best of all this footage is in the playlist still at the top in these things here In fact, there's duplicate clips in these two, as I found out I asked Mat to go through them and I was surprised to find that out Just to summarize Always done this This is inaccurate It's just not true This is 100% not true How dare you insult my thumbnails? This has very rarely happened and it's for a specific reason And it's good you wouldn't even notice Generally stopping making the content This is 100% false Why is my channel dying? My channel isn't dying! I kid you not Let's see if I can get the numbers here for you here [Chat TTS] It is 0/10 rage bait But so many people liked it And the people are discussing as if this is real Here's my channel My goal is to get 10 million views a month And the last 365 days, I've got 120 million views This is main channel views And so August, da da da da da up, down, up, down So we're here in a very good period for the channel So this is where we were at in April And I was a little bit concerned, like, “oh, I'm actually going...” “Haven't had many good videos pop off or do well recently” And just bam! So February, March and April, I made the same amount in that month May, June, my money doubled That's not a joke Doubled In part because my views almost doubled It's been a huge explosion of revenue In part because I think it's, the ad rates are far higher right now because it's a much better time of the year But the channel is going great In fact, a part of the reason why I was willing to delete old videos now is because of how good the channel is going It looks a bit bad publicly when you remove videos because it makes your stats look worse publicly It doesn't matter that much to me but... So you can see here I'm removing some videos And so it looks like I made, well, this is so dumb, this website now The view stats is way better than this So it looks like my views go down and stuff So yeah, all of this is false For the longest time I had hoped to re-upload any of the old deleted videos that I could that were- that were still good A part of the reason why I held off on doing it is because I didn't have a good place to put them, and I was worried that people would confuse those old videos for channels from the main channel, which is something that has happened with the VOD channel People will be like, “oh, I thought this was a main channel video,” “but it's on the live stream channel” So like here, obviously not many people watch this stuff It's old stuff that no one's going to watch In the same way that the deleted videos are old stuff that people aren't going to watch I still put it up here for some people who enjoy it, right? But the reason why I've got all these removed videos organized, or at least I'm continuing to organize them Is because I would like to put them somewhere eventually But like, why do we need the Among Us YouTube videos when you've got all the VODs? Why do we need the Chaos highlights when you've got the raw Chaos and the compilations of the best bits of the highlights? Dark Souls speedrunning, no one cares about this These were very poorly edited, and it was from a Like when I released these, no one watched them But you can watch all those runs on the VOD channel, but no one does Fall Guys, Fall Guys is also on the vault channel Fortnite, all the Fortnite is Oh, actually, no, Fortnite isn't on the VOD channel It's the one thing Phoenix said he wanted to get like a thing so that he could get good pictures of people in Fortnite and stuff, but he didn't end up doing it I don't know what's going on with that That's okay, that's one thing that's not there yet Again, How The Speedrun Ended, it's all in the compilations Minecraft, so the ViperCraft compilation is still on the main channel No one watches it The compilation of all the Minecraft chaos Noita, there is like 160 episodes of Noita or something on the VOD channel No one watches them The only interesting thing about these videos is one or two of them was Oh, what's his name? Um... One or two of them was edited by Joelemz I talked about this in Rambles once where before he became a YouTuber, he offered to edit for me and he produced He edited some Noita for me and they were like the best episodes that were edited by anyone I was like, "This guy's got a lot of talent" I told him that at the time And so it was cool and all, but that's just like a little bit of lore Like you wouldn't want to watch Noita now Most of you don't even know what Noita is The Red Dead 2 stuff, like there's now an entire well-edited play-through of Red Dead Redemption 2 on the channel And both of these is just me b*tching randomly, right? It's not interesting Neither was edited particularly well, and the playthrough wasn't particularly good, and it just confuses people because they don't understand that that's a separate playthrough from the main one New one right? Stream highlights These things sucked and as well they are also in the compilation, are here This is this is the best of all these short speedrunning clips These were the first things that I ever uploaded to the main channel So those are on the main channel, the Twitter compilations Like no one watches these Even the newest one got like 60,000 views whatever I like this stuff, but my goal is to have this all put together into one individual video or to re-upload it somewhere else as like an archive The main reason why I like doing these best of Twitter is because for the reasons of the people who doxxed me and dug into my life, I had to delete all that old stuff And so having the best of each year keeps the best tweets available for everyone The VR stuff, again, no one watched this stuff It was just sitting there dead It hadn't got like a single view in the last like three years These would be good to put somewhere, but all this stuff I haven't assessed But what I'm saying is these videos were taken down usually for a reason No one was watching them They were out of date They gave misinformation I don't agree with them anymore Their editing just sucked And if people had stopped complaining about me bringing back old content, you would have gotten compilations of some of this stuff I still do plan to get as much of it somewhere on the internet at some point, but I don't know where I'm going to put it So I did end up finishing my project to bring together all my deleted videos that I've removed from the channel over the years, finding out which ones would make sense to be on the channel and aren't in some other compilation or what have you And so I've started to release them as members only videos so one releases every four days I know everyone isn't going to be happy about that because you know, you technically have to pay five bucks whatever to watch those hundreds of videos But remember, I do have like 1200 videos that you can watch for free These ones, they just would not make sense as their own videos being released on the channel People would be like “why is this Among Us video” “from 2020 being released today as its own video?” I just don't want to do that Maybe I'll change my mind at some point But like when I look at the retention graph for some of these videos, when my most dedicated fans get access to them and can watch them, there'll be like 300 people that click in and maybe like 10 people get to the end It's just not a video that even my most dedicated fans would want to watch So I just don't understand why I would release it to the public, right? I would do my best with them to get as, maybe find some other way to get them public at some point, but I hope people won't be that mad about this decision I'm bringing back Viper Rambles You know, I'm doing as much as I can for people, but I can't do everything Not gonna be on the main channel unless I think the compilation of it can do well The Rambles channel, it doesn't feel appropriate for Maybe the VOD channel, like I change it to DarkViperAU livestreams and deleted videos or something? We'll see Least important thing that I'm working on right now, But as I say, all these comments agreeing with this are like, weird Like, maybe I shouldn't be so dismissive? It's just running this channel is harder than it looks The things that I do have a logic behind them that isn't necessarily obvious to you Something that negatively impacts you can still be good for the vast majority I take pride in my work I take pride in my channel I care more about my content than probably most people on YouTube, especially because so many of them just produce slop these days I want my channel to be the best that it can possibly be I want every video that someone finds to be worth their time to watch and that sometimes may require me to remove videos from eons ago, but you've already seen them, right? Long story short, I'm sorry if anything that I do negatively impacts you, like if you miss some of the old videos or something, but don't post, stop posting stuff like this, because none of this is true And I recognize that by even talking about this and it going up on the Rambles channel, the overwhelming vast majority of people who have these feelings will never see this ramble and will never know So just a little bit of content for the handful of people who care Remember this footage is like a year old, so my thoughts on this have changed ever so slightly I think when memberships became a viable thing, I should have, you know, considered, “well, I don't need to delete them” “I can just make them members videos” And certainly, I think I would even better off just unlisting them all and just leaving them on the backend rather than thinking, “oh, I hate having all these unlisted videos” “ on my backend let's just delete them all” Because obviously the comments got removed And if they're unlisted, like there's the possibility I can bring them back if I want to Or if a person's like, “hey, I want to watch this video, I could link it to them and stuff” The difference between an unlisted video and a deleted video is huge in terms of my ability to do stuff with that fu- the content in the future The benefits from deleting it aren't really that substantive compared to the unlisted Most of the time if video becomes members, it will be because it either contains misinformation, is no longer relevant, is superseded like the like, replaced by another video, like a compilation, or I just do the viewer better I’m not sure whatever I’m not going to be doing this as much moving forward, and as well... The ramble I said there, “people don't like me bringing back old rambles” I'm going to try and do that where like really old stuff, which can be like the best of the best rambles that most people these days probably haven't heard And that would be as good as rambles today The stuff that's still relevant today and interesting I hope people aren't angry about that I'm not sure where I'm going to put that, but we'll see So let's have this be the shortest ramble in the history of mankind, okay? I got sent this a million times and people said, “does this mean we won the war against reactors?” You know me, I'm so tired of talking about this I have just accepted that the overwhelming vast majority will never understand how exploitative reaction content is, and how it just f*cks up the market for everyone and literally cannot provide in aggregate benefit to creators It just can't It exists for the sole purpose to harm creators as an aggregate, and people just never understand that It’s just how market dynamics work That is just a fact But people never understand that And I've accepted it It doesn't matter how far reaching my words will be One it's complicated, and it's not intuitive And three, you have to sit there for like an hour listening to me yap and most people will not do that Nevertheless, I get sent stuff like this all the time Starting July 15th, YouTube will only pay creators who use their real voice and produce original content Following will not be eligible for monetization Reused or repurposed videos Copied content Low effort videos Fully AI generated videos This is already, this was already the case for the platform YouTube already had these policies I am not sure what caused this to be put out by all these channels or all these Twitter Twitter people and all that stuff, because it's just the accounts that repost stuff, right? They just post random stuff looking for engagement And so the second that one of these posts got some engagement, all of them posted it, and it confused people into thinking that there was some major policy shift at YouTube It even says down here, YouTube won't be introducing any major changes on July 15th However, the platform will be strengthening its policy to identify and flag unoriginal content This type of content has been ineligible for monetization for quite some time now I've heard stories, for example, of of creators losing their monetization because the the platform considers their own content to be reused content, often because other people have posted the clips of their live streams, and then when they start doing them, they get demonetized In fact, one of the reasons why, Asmongold has a YouTube channel at all is because of this Back in 2019, 2020, there was a hoard of of clip chimps that would just cut up his VODs and throw them up on YouTube in the hopes of getting some revenue And two of the people who ran these channels came to Asmongold and said, “look, people are getting demonetized left,” “right and center because of ‘reused’ content or ‘unoriginal’ content” “Let us make an actual dedicated YouTube channel for you” And that's how the current Asmongold channel came to be That story alone shows you that this has been a thing for five years now It's just to what degree is they enforce this or could detect this content has gone, gone, gone up and down And obviously with the with AI now being a thing, it's far more easier to produce that kind of slop, that unoriginal slop that Asmongold produces and now AI people produce And so they're being more thorough in terms of detecting it, I suppose But this won't remove reaction content YouTube is not trying to rock the boat There are still some people out there who, for insane reasons, believe that reaction content, making the market far more competitive than it actually needs to be actually helps creators Insane And there are some people who, even if they don't think it helps creators, they understand that, they believe that reaction content has value in of itself, in the same way that any commentary content would Of course, why would anyone value content where person is just speaking off the cuff about things they know nothing about, about a video they haven't seen? That just increases the amount of misinformation in the market, making our world even We can be less certain about what the truth is, because there's just people yapping for the sake of yapping about things they know nothing about, because they just feel confident to speak on a video they haven't seen before Some people see that as valuable, right? They see this valuable And YouTube is not going to do anything to piss off those people Any content that is like in a gray area of acceptability, they're not going to touch This stuff, everyone agrees is bad By everyone, I mean 99.99% of people, right? And so they've always attempted to take it down So there's no change here There's no change There's not going to be a change Having hope for the future is dumb People are dumb Platforms are dumb Systems are exploitative Accept it and move on That's kind of a negative point to end on I'm being a bit melodramatic I'm sorry for those who hoped this would This represented some significant change, but it's not That's just- this is just YouTube's general policies they've had forever [Reading chat] You know what is bad? The people who at- who will attack you with nothing In this world If you take a stance against anything, especially exploitation or things that exploitive things that make people money, people will slander you It doesn't matter what it is There will be disingenuous attacks There will be people who lie It’s why I've always been resistant to doing that sort of stuff to begin with I know this aspect of people I have a psych degree, right? I know how futile it feels to try to change people's minds on anything The conditions that leads to people's minds being changed it's very rarely them being confronted with a single argument, right? I've listened to and read studies where they would meet with people and ask them about their views of controversial things The person would go, “oh, this is why I believe this” And they would sit down and show that person how these things were not true And they would, everything they would say, they'd just go “wrong, wrong, wrong” as a part of a research study And the person would eventually just go, “well, I just feel it's wrong, okay?” And they wouldn't budge People like to think of people, humans themselves, as like rational agents who are sometimes influenced by emotion But it's more that, like the analogy, the one that is used a lot and I like is the, we are on top of an elephant The elephant is our emotions, our inclinations to want to do particular things And we are on top as the human, the person trying to guide the elephant If the elephant wants to go somewhere, it doesn't matter what you as the person on top want, it will go that way You can steer it sometimes You can incentivize it to go a particular way sometimes But if it wants to go a particular way, it will And that's how it is with rationality and emotion If we emotionally want something, we are going that way “our rational mind’s want” what the facts are We're going that way anyway In some cases where it doesn't really matter, we can guide ourselves based on reason, but that's not- Most of the time, all of us are dumb Humans are dumb So was my Pacifist video successful? Views are two times higher than normal More subscribers are choosing to watch it Helping to increase its reach on YouTube recommendations So this is the baseline of normal videos And we’re up here So it is doing well And I'm happy it's doing well I doubt it's going to reach the heights of the original series Especially considering what YouTube values has changed Like they prefer longer videos But it's not only that YouTube prefers longer videos There's this prevailing belief that it judges your videos against each other So if you release a video that people watch twice as long as your average video on your channel, the algorithm is like, “oh, this must be a pretty special video” And so it will push it more But if you release a video that people watch half as much as your average video, it'll be like, “oh, this must not be a special video, right?” And because I have such long videos normally that people watch for like on average, like 25 minutes at least, a video like this that's only 13 minutes long, it's like- its view duration is going to be, look, see, average view duration, 7:55, 11:47 less than usual So if YouTube wants to keep people on the platform, people who watch my content already like my content, for example, they're going to recommend my other videos instead of this one On YouTube, my new videos are not only competing with everyone else's videos, but my own videos as well And so it's harder for anything that I put out now to get those insane numbers of back in the day because there are now like a thousand videos on the channel, right? YouTube is a competitive marketplace “and that damn DarkViperAU” “keeps taking my views from my new videos!” But yeah, the video is doing well I'm sure I'll get good views over time You like my content because it's genuine? In the world of slop that has turned up on YouTube these days, I might be a dying breed in terms of being genuine It's very hard to be competitive on YouTube and keep some sense of being genuine rather than just being some fake manufactured robot chucking stuff out, you know? But even then, I feel like even I'm not as “true” to myself as I was once in the past because I'm far more aware of, like the example I had recently with the bottom feeders just lied about me for months to hundreds of thousands of people, right? I am more aware of the consequences of being too free with my tongue How you guys doing? My face is f*cked up Use sunscreen? Nah, it's not sunburn I uhh... I went- Revealing my breasts No, went to get my scars treated And so I have one here on my nose I think it might be actually gone now 'cause he just needs to zap one more time He was like, “you know, while I'm micro needling your nose,” “I'll micro needle your face, whatever” “It's good for the skin” I'm like, “all right, whatever” He's like, “it’ll go away in a day” I'm like, “will it?” What scars? Never noticed them So we can go back What we do here is go back Hard to see because it's a bit blurry but... So you can see here, if you look closely, One, two, three, four And there's another fifth one here, I think I think it had five Like five little red marks They're called keloid scars And I got these scars, and they became worse and worse over time, like growing even larger And this is probably maybe a little bit of makeup on them, actually, just to make it so they don't stand out so much on camera But they were like red f*cking suns on my chest These developed because I wore tank tops too much I guess that's the prevailing theory Because the tank top is in this shape, like bacteria builds here or something I joke that I overdosed on tank tops And I tried to treat these as like normal pimples and stuff for like a year And so like in my videos for like a year, whenever I'm like full screen, and my tank top's a little bit lower than it otherwise would be, you can see these scars And so I treated them like pimples forever But it turns out they were scars, keloid scars And I went to a dude who injected them with steroids It was the only way to treat them, apparently But you can never fully get rid of them Even if you try to surgically remove them, it uhh... you get even more, which sucks But thankfully, the steroid stuff that he injected, it worked Like, it shrunk them to, like, rather than being, like, pimples, they were just, like, red little marks, right? Matto officially on steroids, yeah But because there's still scars, you can umm... you can micro needle them to make them go even more And so that's what I had done And as you guys know, I've always had scars on my back And so I've had him micro needle them three times now And it is a brutal experience Like he's, he's numbing my back And the thing itself, these like, it's like a, it's like a, like a toothbrush with like just needles that just [bzzt] on the end And that as well injects some numbing stuff and it still kind of hurts But he's doing like my whole back And before these treatments, I could feel on my back and I could feel the raised scars I have scars on my back because they're stretch marks I've had them since I was like 16 years old I could feel them whenever I put my hand on my back, but now I can barely feel them, right? And this with this last treatment, they should be flat Like I'll still have the scars, but they will just be less noticeable and more flat And so yeah, that's- that's what I was having done And my- and so I had a scar here as well or was it here? Right here, yeah This little thing here, You can barely see it now but... And you probably would never notice it if I didn't point it out but... because I'm there right? Because I'm there getting scars treated, I'm like, “look,” “can you do this little one here too” And he was like, “yeah, I can do that one” And then he's like, “I'll do your face as well cause,” “it's good for your skin to, to, to,” “generate nutrients or whatever by doing micro needling” The theory, not a theory, how micro needling works is it basically says, “hey body, you've experienced little bits of damage here” “Bring forth the the stuff in the body that makes new skin” “and regenerate areas and stuff” So you're not really doing damage, but you're convincing the body that it should spend time regenerating that part Right? I am on it Fred [Finasteride] Don’t make me go through this again, to show you what my hairline looked like 10-20 years ago I've always had a high hairline I assure you This is what my hairline looked like Like 15 years ago Yes, I am using minoxidil and topical finasteride and stuff But it's not going to get better than this Because it’s always what it's always been I wish I just kept those pictures so I could show each person who pops in This is my hairline This is me like, I don’t know, 20 You see, it's not not that much difference there Just the hair is a bit longer here Like here's me Yeah this will still be about ten years ago Look at that! And I just sat there like forever My hairline is better than at least was like, here, you know? I gained back like a centimeter or two Brother, the current hairline looks amazing, if you ask me I can see them like stripes in a uniform, wear them proudly they mean experience And that you have lived wrong, what? Reserving hairline at 20 is crazy It's just always what my hairline has been Some people are born with a high hairline guys Vegeta in Dragon Ball Z never lost hair, but he always had a high hairline Alright? Vegeta is my idol! My role model Like this is me at prom, and I didn't even know if this photo is, like, doctored or something, but I just I just love showing this picture, So I would- I would have been like about 17-18 at prom? We look exactly the same I haven't changed even slightly 2000s if it was a photo! [Matt laughs] Honestly, I wasn't a bad looking guy back then I didn't realize I was a very nervous, shy kid And look at me now! All these random pictures of me being drunk And so like my hair is like streaked blonde I'll never forget when I was at the RSL Everyone go for drinks at the RSL And these two chicks were like, “are you gay?” I'm like, “what do you mean?” They're like, “well, you got the blond streaks through your hair” “and you’re wearing all those silver rings and stuff like I don't know” I'm like “what?” I don’t know of that's the the day I stopped wearing a bunch of silver rings on my hands and stuff, and I haven't worn any rings since but I was, I still remember that to this day I did say no! What do you mean I didn't say no? I said no!

  Top Comments:
  1. @grindhardt [4 likes]: analytics be damned. i’m so happy rambles is back. thanks matto.
  2. @RandomBoi-nd5zf [1 likes]: The main reason why I stopped watching your videos consistently is because of how inconsistent it is. It almost feels like every time I get into something, you'd change something. I don't even know what to look forward to your content when it seems like you don't even know, or at least how to present them.
  3. @goldenfish1014 [1 likes]: 18:22 Though that buzzing came from my phone, on my desk. I've never been fooled quite like this before.
  4. @Marqueemoon96: your content has gone off a cliff, but dont listen, make that money i guess
  5. @Downlup: still missing the old rambles, if they all came back as members only I’d be all in
  6. @newaun6138: 19:00, I'll admit, I am guilty of enjoying anime or tv show reaction content, basically rewatching the stuff with them. I don't know about the markets, I don't know how it affects it, but I do enjoy it. I don't know if you're talking about how if affects other creators specifically by reacting to their content or you're talking general reaction stuff
  7. @Arthur-morgan129-e7j: Why is career progress ep 11 still members only??
  8. @GreenAlloy-j8e: Youtube recently making changes to combat react content creators ❌
Youtube introducing youtube remixes "a new that option will let users write a prompt to remix a creator’s video by changing its style or even adding themselves into the video" ✔
  9. @evolvedcopper2205: I originally never cared about rambles but I have to say, knowing this man has a psychology degree explains a lot about why I actually like tuning in whenever for his videos. I finally see the threads of his humour and I'm all for it. I look forward to the future rambles as of today 🎉
  10. @darethshiral: Honestly one thing that i dont like about your channel is that you change stuff about your older videos that arent strictly necessary, such as removing your old intro from pacifist or removing your old outro from almost all of your old videos, instead of leaving your old videos alone and doing the changes you want only to your new videos.
  11. @CaydenMorse-lp6lt: I'm sure you won't see this matt but just in case I still want to ask a question. Normally I'd just by a new phone so I could use your woofle phone case, but I can't buy a iPhone. So could you make a version of it for a  moto g stylus 5g 2024. I will pay any price up to 200 doll hairs
  12. @OPZarick: loving the rambles
  13. @rekithehuman: That first topic about the Reddit post hit hard for some reason. Like, it's not true at all for the most part. Only thing is that I do miss the "old" chaos, pre rainbomizer specifically. I do enjoy the modern stuff though, but that old stuff feels nostalgic for some reason. But also not doing the same thing over and over again is good so I think Matt's current way of doing things is good.

And ofc Rambles being back in any form is great. Love just putting them on in the background while working
  14. @goofygoober2382: one thing I notice is, if I search for a specific thing on YT and scroll down a bit I get about 10 videos in a section that I've already watched recommended back to me even if its not related to the topic. and its annoys the shit out of me.
  15. @дигл_лайв: I wish I'd gotten some of these rambles earlier, but I'm glad they arrived eventually. This is my favorite content on your channel.
  16. @pascal2085: I think the thumbnail accusation comes from desktop users. Because on desktop they appear, given the screen size and typical viewing distances, quite small, which makes them look more like the others. On phones, tablets and tv apps they appear quite large, which makes it eaiser to tell them apart from the actual generic thumbnails.
  17. @ChickenNuggies: he didn't delete any videos if you ignore all those times he deleted videos
  18. @IXPStaticI: A lot of people can't tell the difference between a clickbait thumbnail and simply a good and relevant one because in both cases it makes them curious about the video.
So basically they recognize the "click" part but forget that for it to be "bait" it also needs to fail to deliver on what the thumbnail shows.
  19. @AdamxKH: Thumbnails have been very hit or miss lately, to be fair
  20. @Leggett777: Im just amazed watching how fast his computer is when he's clicking through his files lmfao

- Why Your Thumbnails Are Secretly KILLING Your Views: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know that your thumbnail might be killing your video before anyone even reads the title? And the scary part is you probably think that the content is the problem. Your thumbnail is the first thing that YouTube shows to a cold audience before they ever decide whether to click your video or not. And most creators spend hours on their content and about 12 minutes on their thumbnail. Here's the problem. YouTube is watching exactly how cold audiences react to your thumbnail in real time. And if they scroll past without clicking, YouTube takes that as a signal that your video does not deserve to be shown to more people. And that's a big problem. Your thumbnail is not just a design choice, it's the first test your video has to pass. And most are failing it before anyone even reads the title. Stay with me. Here is what's actually happening when YouTube tests your video. The moment you click publish, YouTube takes your thumbnail and title and shows them together to a small test group. Starting with your most recently engaged subscribers first, then expanding to cold audiences through suggested. That test group does not read your description. They don't know what your video's about. They see one thing, your thumbnail and your title side by side. And in under 2 seconds, they decide whether to click or scroll. And YouTube watches that decision in real time. High click-through rate, YouTube expands distribution and shows your video to more people. Make sense. Low click rate, YouTube pulls back and your video flatlines. Your thumbnail isn't decoration. It's the first data point YouTube uses to decide whether your video deserves to exist on this platform. And most creators are designing thumbnails for their subscribers only, people who already know and trust them. We need to go beyond that. Instead of designing for the cold stranger who has never heard of them and needs a reason to stop scrolling. Here's is most thumbnails fail. This is important. They are designed to look good instead of designed to create a specific emotion in under 2 seconds. There's a massive difference between those two things. A thumbnail that looks good is clean, well-lit, nicely composed. A thumbnail that passes the cold audience test creates an immediate fear, curiosity, or disbelief in someone who has never seen your face before. Cold audience don't click because a thumbnail looks professional. They just don't. They click because something in that thumbnail makes them feel something before they even process what they are looking at. That includes the title. The channels that consistently hit high suggested click-through rate, the number that tells you cold audiences are clicking, all have thumbnails built around one emotional trigger. Not multiple messages. Not cluttered text. One clear emotion that hits a stranger in under, well, you probably know the answer to this, in 2 seconds. When your thumbnail and title are pulling in two different emotional directions, cold audiences, they feel the confusion and they scroll past. That mismatch is one of the most common reasons suggested CTR stays stuck under 3% and it's almost always a title problem, not a thumbnail problem. So, let me just explain this real quickly. Your thumbnail's job is to stop the scroll, but in order to even get to where people are seeing your thumbnail, you need to have a title because the title is going to signal the algorithm and it's going to find your audience. Now, if we don't have that right, the thumbnail's not going to matter either way. We spend a ton, a ton of time studying proven outlier titles, the framework, and what has worked for our channels and for our students. And I've actually put together a swipe file of 10 of our top outlier title hooks. If you'd like a copy of that, just comment hooks down below and I'll send it to you. This is 10 of our top outlier titles. I've actually created templates so you can plug these into almost any niche. If you'd like a copy of that, just go ahead and comment hooks down below and I'll send it to you. Because here's the deal. Fixing your thumbnail while keeping a weak title, well, it still loses the cold audience test. Now, there are three thumbnail mistakes I want to cover here that are silently killing your suggested click-through rate right now. So, let's get into them. Mistake number one, too much text. You don't have to put so much text on that screen. Most creators put three to five words on their thumbnail because they want to make sure the viewer understands what the video is about. But, cold audiences are not reading your thumbnail. I hate to tell you that, but it's true. They are feeling it. Every word you add after the first two or three reduces the emotional impact. If your thumbnail requires reading, it has already lost the cold audience test. All right, mistake number two, your face is not doing anything. A talking head photo with a neutral expression is the most common thumbnail on YouTube. You're not going to stand out, and it's completely invisible to cold audiences. Your expression needs to communicate the emotion of the video. Give them a reason to click before anyone reads a single word. You can use shock, you can use fear, you can use disbelief, you can use confusion. That expression is doing the heavy lifting for cold audiences who do not know you yet. All right, mistake number three, the thumbnail works for your niche, but not for strangers. Pick one that goes best with that title and build the entire thumbnail around delivering that emotion as fast as possible. One expression, one visual element, maximum of two to three words of text, and that will amplify the emotion rather than explain it. All right, number two, this one's super simple, test your thumbnail on someone who has not seen your content before. Show it to a person outside your niche for 3 seconds, and ask them, "What do they feel? Not necessarily what they think the video is about, what they feel. If they can't name a clear emotion in like 3 seconds, your thumbnail is failing the cold audience test before YouTube even runs it. All right, number three, match your thumbnail emotion to your title. Your title creates the intellectual hook, your thumbnail creates the emotional hook. When both are pointing at the same feeling, cold audiences get a double signal that this video is worth clicking. That alignment is what separates a 2% suggested click-through rate from a 6% suggested click-through rate, and that matters. The creators who consistently break through on YouTube are not the ones with the best cameras or the most experience. They are the ones who figured out how to pass the cold audience test every single time they upload. And that test starts with the thumbnail before anyone reads a single word. And when your suggested CTR climbs, YouTube starts betting bigger on every video you post. Now, if you want to understand exactly how YouTube decides who ever gets to see your thumbnail in the first place, well, I recorded a video right here that shows you exactly how to connect this directly to everything we just covered and how you can implement it. Watch that video next, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Still_Brian [6 likes]: Which means the platform is not designed to reward “good” first. It is designed to reward 'predicted behaviour' first. Human work is being filtered through machine prediction and that is the part that feels insane.
  2. @RelationshipComedyChannel [6 likes]: The Thumbnail stops the Scroll and the Title gets the Clicks
  3. @fnaffoxycollin [3 likes]: Great Video! I took notes on what you said. Hooks
  4. @vampire_bonds [3 likes]: Jesus the amount of value and knowledge in this video is crazy. I copied my niche's top channels thumbnail and wow. 100% true. Fact is you don't have to put your face in the beginning
  5. @Cat-Whisperer-2111 [2 likes]: Interesting and valuable content thank you.
  6. @romhistory [2 likes]: 98% of you YouTube Teachers including you sir only focus on teaching people how to grow education/tutorial based channels alone, for we in the story niche, there's no enough help for us.
  7. @BeyondRealmsOfficial [2 likes]: Great video, Scott. You've given us food for thought. This information is up there as one of the most important things to get right before we even think about uploading our content. You've nailed the research yet again. Thank you for sharing and providing us with such vital information to help us grow our channels. Keep up the great work, Scott. 😇😇😇
  8. @DoctorRJ [2 likes]: Salute
  9. @ChuckGillispie [1 likes]: Hooks
  10. @treasuresoflife-l9i [1 likes]: Thanks for this. Very useful to me.
  11. @treasuresoflife-l9i [1 likes]: Hooks
  12. @romhistory [1 likes]: Hookup
  13. @TheKeesBoerMinistryChannel [1 likes]: Hooks
  14. @templedog4575 [1 likes]: Hooks.
  15. @commonsense-news [1 likes]: I have a video that has sat on 2.5k views with a ctr of 10.9% for over six months. But it does get the odd view from google classroom occasionally.
  16. @jimmyV6361 [1 likes]: Hooks
  17. @annastwigsandthorns [1 likes]: I do not like gaudy thumbnails. I do not like thumbnails that are just clickbait.    I don´t like thumbnails that obviously are made with a lot of AI .  And I do not like thumbnails that do look like a shady second hand car company tries to make you buy a car. Etc.
  18. @symsfamily973 [1 likes]: Great Video even better advice ❤ thank you
  19. @MazzinisGaming [1 likes]: Thanks! Just for info: do you think is not possible to not have text in the thumbnails? Because, making gaming montage, I'm trying to use only a scene, focusing on the eyes ( and so trying to mirror the emotions)
  20. @securalock: Your videos have very helpful content , i changed my title on my on YouTube video ,seem to work a a while,also put a few photos up on Pinterest and got quite a few views , now has dropped off a bit . Thank you for your on going advice .

- This New AI Thumbnail Maker is Insane (& It's FREE): Kind: captions Language: en Quick, what is this video about? Times up. What about this one? Plot twist. They're both about traveling Egypt as a woman, but only one of them actually made you want to click. Here is the brutal truth. Your video does not matter if your thumbnail sucks. You have exactly 2 seconds to grab attention and pitch your story. If they don't click, they don't watch. It's as simple as that. But creating killer thumbnails from scratch, it, let's be honest, takes way too much time. Well, it used to. Today, we're testing Async's AI thumbnail generator. It is completely free to try it out, and it does cut your content creation time in half. No Photoshop, no Canva, no stress. I created four of these thumbnails with it. And today, I'm showing you exactly how. Just hit the link down in the description to open the tool. You can follow along, and let's get into it. All right, first things first. We're going to head over to Async, hit start editing for free, and then select AI thumbnails. Now, here's where you're going to get a little creative. You can upload up to four reference images for the AI to work its magic on. So, you could take a screenshot of a viral thumbnail that you already love, and then you can have the AI swap you in as the main character. Or you can use an AI image generator like Nano Banana 2 and create something wild. think wrestling a crocodile or King Kong scaling a skyscraper for instance. Or you can upload a product image if, let's say, you're doing a review or an unboxing. And lastly, you can upload an image of your face if you want to be included in the thumbnail. Then all you have to do is tell the AI exactly what you want. Be specific. You can explain the video premise and you can add in what text you would like to include in the thumbnail. And you can even tell it to change your facial expression based on the photo that you uploaded. Pro tip, if you suck at writing prompts, just do a brain dump of all of your ideas into Gemini or Cachev and then ask it to write a clean, detailed prompt for your AI thumbnail generator. Then copy, paste, done. Finally, you get to pick your font style and then choose your overall visual style and then click the analyze assets button. Now the AI will get to work. So what it does is it analyzes your assets and it serves up four distinct concepts. Now you need to pick the one that is closely aligned to your vision and then it's going to generate four final high-res versions. But as we all know, AI isn't perfect. It needs a human touch. So if something is slightly off, don't worry. We're going to polish it later. So select your favorite and then you're going to click the pen tool here. And now you can start tweaking. So, if you want to swap the font color or move an emoji or delete a background element, just type that change into the prompt box and then hit apply changes. And you can do this as many times as you need until it's perfect. Now, once you're happy, we can hit download. And then you're ready to upload. Just a tip, you can actually go back and you can download a second version, too. And then that way you can AB test them on your channel and then see which one actually pulls you in more views. So if you do want to increase your click-through rate without stress, I will put the link to the AI thumbnail generator right down below. Go try it out, let me know what you think, and I will see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @async_platform [1 likes]: Try our new AI Thumbnail Maker for FREE 👉 https://bit.ly/4selz0G
  2. @sirakghroyan [1 likes]: Amazing video! That AI thumbnail workflow looks incredibly smooth. Definitely checking out Async to save some time on my next upload. 🔥
  3. @AntoinetteSarpong [1 likes]: This is an awesome feature. I recently used it to create my thumbnail for what has become my highest performing video! 

One question though. I heard you say it was free in the video but don’t you need to have a pro account to use this and doesn’t it require a certain amount of credits to use? So each time I use it, burns up quite a few points. So it might be misleading to say it’s free
  4. @leinahtanok3417: Ewwwwwwwww

- NEVER Do These Things On YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to tell you seven things most small creators do that can literally get your entire channel banned on YouTube. And making these innocent mistakes can mean that all of your hard work, your videos, and your progress gone in a second. If you're serious about growing on YouTube, you need to avoid these. Let's break them down for you right now. Firstly, you may have seen the rise of small creators gathering in the comment sections of my videos and other people's videos too where they basically ask people to sub to their channel. And you might even be one of these yourself. Now, look, I get it. Many of you are looking for a way to get your channel out there and bag a few new subscribers, which is absolutely fine if that's what you want to do. However, if you are getting involved in these, you need to be extremely careful because if you do this wrong, which a lot of you do, you will get your channel banned. Here's an email I got from one of my subscribers a few weeks ago. She was just another regular small channel and she saw that everyone was subscribing to each other in the comment section. So, she thought she'd get involved by commenting the word subscribed to loads of people's comments. What she didn't realize though is that YouTube actually blocked her channel because it thought she was a bot because she was spamming loads of comments. Her entire channel was removed because YouTube didn't like the fact that she kept commenting on these threads telling them that she subscribed to them. All of her videos gone and it took us weeks of working together to contacting YouTube to try and get her account reinstated. Like, I mean, feel free to pause this video if you want to read the whole email, but this should just highlight just how easy it is to get yourself banned if you do this. So my advice here is if you are going to get involved in these, don't spam the same comment over and over again. You need to be unique and add value to the group or just stay away from it altogether. Now the next common mistake small channels need to avoid making is adding too many hashtags to your videos. And this applies to shorts too. Now you might be thinking, but what's the big deal? Like surely hashtags aren't that dangerous. Well, YouTube literally has this on their website. It says overtagging. If a video or a playlist has more than 60 hashtags, we'll ignore each hashtag on that content. Overtagging may result in the removal of your video from your uploads or from searches. So, they're literally saying if you try and stuff as many hashtags in as possible onto your videos, YouTube will remove them and your account will end up getting shadowbanned because the algorithm would just assume you're a bot account. So, I'd personally recommend just using anywhere from three to six hashtags. I mean, you can use it to 59, but to be honest, I think it's much more worth your time to pick out three to six highly targeted hashtags related directly to your niche. You'll see the most growth this way. And just to be clear, hashtags and video tags are two completely different things. When it comes to tags, there are also some very strict rules you need to follow with these two, but I'll discuss that later on in the video. Now, the next mistake that would get you banned is using other people's content without their permission. Now, I know a lot of you will have seen YouTube experts, including me, telling you to use a tactic called viral replication, where you basically look out into your niche, identify successful videos, and then use them as inspiration for your own. Now, this tactic can work wonders for small channels, but only if you do it properly. And if you do it wrong, it will lead to you receiving copyright strikes or worse, having your account taken off the platform altogether. Now, I've seen many small channels copy viral videos but barely make any changes whatsoever from the original. So, if you're someone who uses a viral replication strategy, you need to make sure that the content itself is actually your own words and your own work. Like, don't just copy the transcript of someone's video and then use it as your own. Like, I promise you, YouTube will ban you for it. And on the topic of copyright, you even need to be careful of images you're using for your thumbnails, too. Like if you're taking images for thumbnails like off the web from Google or somewhere you don't have permission to the owner of that image can write a formal copyright complaint and I have seen small channels being removed simply because of their thumbnails. So always make sure that you have permission to use images in your thumbnails as well if you take them off the web. But now, let's also talk about your overall online safety now. Because as a content creator, you're pretty much putting yourself out there on the entire internet for everyone to see. And that means you'll be interacting with all sorts of people. Some good, some not so good. And if you're not careful, you could leave the door open to some serious problems into your life. And this is where small channels need to be a bit more mindful with what you're doing on the platform. Now, the first thing you need to consider when protecting your actual YouTube account is don't use the same email on your channel description page as the one tied to your actual YouTube account. This is because if someone gets their hands on that email, they could potentially misuse it to cause you trouble with your YouTube account. And it also makes it much easier for people to gain access to your channel if they're determined enough. So, the solution here is to create a completely separate Gmail account that you use for public use. This would be the email that you put on your about me like channel description. It's the one that brands, fans, and potential collaborations will contact you through. This keeps things professional and more importantly keeps your personal YouTube account safe and secure. And I think it would actually genuinely surprise you at just how much of your personal information is floating around online. And I don't just mean your name or your email. I'm talking about phone numbers, location data, and even the websites you visit and how long you spend on them. And the scary part is you probably never gave permission for most of it. And that's because there are hundreds of shady companies out there called data brokers. And their entire business model is collecting your personal data, packaging it up, and selling it to advertisers, scammers, or whoever is willing to pay for it. Now, as a YouTuber, especially if you're just starting out, you're already exposing a lot of yourself just by uploading videos. But once your email is out there too, and once you've signed up for a few tools or made your contact info public, your digital footprint starts growing fast and it becomes harder and harder to stay in control of what's being shared about you. And that's where Incogn comes in. They're an online privacy tool that I've personally been using. And what they do is they contact those shady data companies on your behalf and force them to delete all of your information. Think of it as like having a digital bodyguard who just wipes your name off dozens of sketchy databases from across the web. And here's the best part. Once you sign up, Incogn keeps working for you every month. So, as your info shows up in new places, Incogn will keep requesting removals so you don't have to. It's super easy to get started. It takes just a few minutes and honestly, it gives me peace of mind knowing that someone is fighting to keep my personal data off the internet. So, if you're serious about protecting your online presence as a YouTuber, I highly recommend checking them out. Take your personal data back with incogn. Okay, then. So, the second thing you need to consider when thinking about the safety of your YouTube account is connecting your channel to too many apps. And this is another big mistake I see small channels make, and it's where they're connecting their YouTube channel to way too many third party apps. And I get it. Look, there are so many new AI softwares out there right now. And some of these tools might be things like analytics dashboards, editing software, or even AI tools that help your channel grow faster. But every single app you have connected to your Google account is like opening a tiny door to your channel. And the more doors you have open, the easier it is for someone to sneak in. Now, here's where it gets a little bit risky. Like, even if one of those third party tools gets compromised, or worse, if it's actually just a scam tool designed to look legit, but really just harvest your data, your entire account could be vulnerable. And that means someone else could gain access to your user channel. It could change your login info or even delete everything you've worked so hard to build. So, here's a fix. Go to google.com/acount. Click on security. Scroll down to third party apps with account access and start removing anything you don't absolutely need. Like if it's not essential to your channel or if you don't recognize it, get rid of it. Like on my channels, I only ever have a couple of reputable brands on there that I know I can trust. And you should only be connecting to tools that you 100% trust, too. And this is just another simple way to protect your channel from potential threats. And the final point of the channel safety topic before we talk about how tags can be dangerous. I want to first talk about the most common way I see small creators get their channels hacked. And this is clicking on dodgy links in emails. As you grow on YouTube as a small channel, you'll start getting loads of emails that look like they're from brands wanting to collaborate. But not all of them are real. Some of them are just fishing scams. They'll send you what looks like a normal business email, maybe even with a fake YouTube logo or official sounding name and ask you to do things like review their product or check out that media kit or even something like someone has shared a video link with you. But the moment you click on a dodgy link, you could be taken to things like a fake login page designed to steal your data or you could unknowingly download malware that gives them access to your Google account. And I've seen channels with thousands of subscribers completely wiped out because of one wrong click. So, here's how to stay safe. Never click on links and emails unless you're absolutely sure it's from a trusted source. Like, double check the sender's email address. Look out for weird grammar or formatting. And if something feels off, just trust your gut. And if a brand reaches out and you're unsure, just Google them. Check out if they've worked with other creators or even ask other YouTubers in that space. And also, look, if you're offered a brand deal that seems way too good to be true, like $5,000 for a 30-cond mention, it probably is a bit dodgy. So, just always make sure you verify it before you click on anything. And lastly, the final point touches more on your actual video upload process, which is tag stuffing. Now, if we go back to the statement made from YouTube that we covered earlier, you'll notice at the start it said, don't add too many tags to a single video or playlist. The more tags you add, the less relevant they become for viewers or listeners who are searching. And look guys, this is important because obviously YouTube gives us a dedicated space for tags. And of course, I'd recommend you fill out as many as you possibly can in that box. However, I see lots of small channels try and cram in loads of tags or keywords into their descriptions as well, like on top of the hashtags and a full tags box. Now, I get it. You're trying to make sure there's plenty of keywords in there for the algorithm. However, if YouTube notices that you keep stuffing in loads of tags and keywords into your descriptions unnaturally, you risk having your entire video being deleted from the platform. Again, don't just take my word for it. Also, take YouTube's. They literally said the following types of content are not allowed on YouTube. Placing excessive tags in the video description tag stuffing rather than placing them as a tags upon upload. So, there you go. It's really not a good idea to do that. So, if this is you, I'd recommend stopping this as soon as possible. Now, if you're struggling to grow your small channel, investing in a YouTube growth course is going to be one of the smartest moves you'll ever make. Like, every top creator has done it, and it's the ultimate shortcut to success. I've just launched the YouTube Wealth Academy. 5 years of everything I've learned packed into one affordable course. The value and lessons I share in my YouTube videos only just scratch the surface of what I actually teach inside of the course. Like, you'll be amazed at just how much detail we actually go into. And as a thank you for making it to the end of this video, here's a gift. Use code 24 hours for $100 off. Links below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [515 likes]: Come and join my YouTube Growth Academy here: https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @Brick_And_Blocks: Some guy Make Money Matt literally copied the exact thumbnail and basically said everything word for word
  3. @Atroxyn: Hoping to get big someday
  4. @AzmiBiba6268: Wait I did copy KSChannel’s video and I got a strike
  5. @FalkenFreaky: With tags and the 6 tag rule, does something similar apply to your channel description? Not your video description but the channel itself? @danthecreatr
  6. @OriboldTV: Thank you for the information. I have been making some mistakes I will correct now
  7. @SmallContentCreator16: Small content creators let's gather here!!! Let's grow!!!
  8. @JC4118GAMES: ty this will help
  9. @EchoesofForgettenHistory: Jesus 😮😳. I wasn't aware of all these. Thank you for this 🙏. You said don't add too much hashtags to your video right. From now onwards I will limit my hashtags to 6

I really don't want to get banned cause I just started my channel newly
  10. @TheKawffeeGuy: Future creators, gather here. 🎉❤ Let’s Go
  11. @MariaHernandez-hs7zx: Hard work! Ha!
  12. @JosephL_46: Everyone subscribe to dan
  13. @PlayStationMan3: Accedently said my age on a live and can’t go live again so I made this account and I’m trying to grow it again so this helps ❤❤
  14. @Charbilachs: 60 # are literally a lot, who need this much?
  15. @Nogardtist: youtube has a deep problem with fake gurus
  16. @itzmiyaaa-667: The reason the person got banned for being thought to be a boy is the same way I got banned at 300k subs😢 I restarted tho I was very sad
  17. @Flamewolf15gk: I have YouTube channel but no one watch it
  18. @dancewithalicia: Great advice 🎉
  19. @AndreyReflections: A ton of good info, thank you
  20. @salesatlegacydoorandmillwo8803: I do entertainment 
https://youtube.com/shorts/ENu8xndLGnk?si=HYPWM05TCGy9phBy