- MrBeast's Thumbnail Designer Reveals His Secrets!: Kind: captions Language: en I'm sitting down with Chucky, the mastermind behind Mr. Beast thumbnails, and today we're gonna roast old Mr. Beast thumbnails. >> Oh man, this is not going to be fun. This is the first thumbnail that we have. I opened a restaurant that pays you to eat at it. What do you think? >> Back in the day, we were just doing things so differently than how we do it now. I actually think the text on the uh, you know, billboard was really cool. This was like innovative for us at the time cuz we weren't doing things like that. I think we like really heavily designed it off of this like cookout type building. I definitely think we did that pretty last minute and we could have done some better options there. We have some like detail in the background that doesn't necessarily need to be there. Maybe it adds value to it, but to these days I'd probably like slightly remove it. I think it's really funny like some of these like the big logo presented on the the building. I think it like represents our brand really well. And then the free food. I maybe would have wanted to do free food better. I don't think it necessarily stands out the best. I don't know how I would go about that, but something about it could have like some options there. I think that like, you know, four different banners, like the pink, blue, pink, blue on some sides, like that also could have been just like one banner. And I think we could have probably just had free food bigger because there's so many moving elements here. It's like, >> yeah, >> you have the two screens on the bottom with the logo and the burger and then you have the, you know, star like just like four or four. It's like so much moving elements where we could have just like put it all together and made it concise like the visual clarity when you zoom out like there's just so much going on. I think I would try to reduce that right now. And I think that would be my biggest feedback on this thumbnail. And also Jimmy's face, like his eyes are basically like fully closed in this. Like that definitely needs to be there. And close the mouth. That's another thing that Jimmy would want me to say. So, that's that's what I would change on this thumbnail. 196 million views in four years. I still think that's pretty solid. >> Yeah, for sure. I think you're definitely right. There's a lot of visual noise on it, and you don't really know where to look, where to focus. There's text on the top, text on the bottom, bunch of logos that are clashing. Um, and then that left side with the truck is very dark. Kind of pulls your attention there. For the time, it was probably a really good thumbnail. >> Oh, I was stoked at the time. Now I'm like, man, we got to change this. Like, web, come on, go fix that one. Definitely some things that we can improve there and we've learned and changed along the along the way. Oh, man. You know, I will say I think this one is so funny because this one, the video was shot last minute. Everything about this video is so last minute. Funny enough, the blurred, you know, kitchen thing in the background, that was actually we printed up like something on a wall. So, that wasn't like a real kitchen. That was like printed on a wall that we used for the set of the video, which you'll see in the video. I actually think we did a good job making it, you know, like feel like a kitchen and focus on the large pizza slice it is. Um, I think there's so many concepts we could do here. I actually think it's not a bad thumbnail. I'll I'll stay true with that one. Like there is definitely a few things I could do better where it's like I would have had bigger options of like Jimmy standing next to a big slice of pizza. I would have created like five more concepts and test it. This is one of those ones where it's just like it worked in the time. like you have the size and scaling of Jimmy and then the size of the pizza and you're like, "Okay, that's a huge pizza. Um, and then the amount of like pepperonis and stuff." I actually think it looks pretty decent. Especially like the white background or like the white countertop that then makes the pizza contrast stick out so much. That makes a massive difference in visual clarity when you're stopping and staring. And so there's definitely a few things I would change which is like just trying different types of concepts, but I I I honestly think this is a solid one. Maybe like update Jimmy's face to like today. Um, and that's about it. What would you change if if you were to do something? >> I don't really know. Definitely the concept as a whole. This thumbnail in particular, like you were saying, it's not bad, but I think you could have just played around with a couple different concepts. Um, the first thing that comes to my mind is him like actually holding a giant slice of pizza that's as tall as him. Um, but just in this one, it's very clean. It's kind of straight to the point. Like there's really not much else you can do besides like composition. >> You don't want to go too extreme. And if you do go too extreme, then you kind of lose Jimmy, >> you know, >> and it looks fake. And then all of a sudden people are like, did they even do that? which I think this is like it doesn't look like huge, but it like is big enough where it's bigger than the regular sized pizza. And I think it also has this like really good realism vibe. And >> maybe a concept where the picture's taken like from the end of the pizza crust and then the triangle is leading lines towards his mouth that's at the end of the table. >> Yeah. Or like taking a bite of it. We could do that. Like there's so much stuff we could test here. >> Yeah. >> But I'm still happy with it honestly four years later. But it's funny to see >> 300 million views in 4 years. Let's move on to >> for a last minute video, too. >> Since recording this video, the Mr. Beast team actually updated their thumbnail. Real quick, before we keep going, I have to tell you about something we've been working on for over a year now. Thumbnail Academy is finally live. It's built for creators who actually want to learn how to make thumbnails the right way, the kind that makes you stop scrolling and click. You'll get the full courses, weekly live mastermind coaching calls, and a community full of other creators who want to learn alongside you, as well as personalized feedback from us. Between me, David, and Ant, we designed thumbnails for some of the biggest creators in the world. And now we're on a mission to teach you every single thing we know. If you want to finally master your thumbnails and quit guessing, then click the link in the description and we'll see you inside Thumbnail Academy. Enrollment for the founders launch closes this Friday and the price will never be this cheap again. >> Oh man. Oh gosh. H this one was so hard, man. When I tell you like when we were doing this like it was brutal. I mean like giving away a million dollars worth of food like the concept of the video is great. Like we love helping people and that's something that's like the best part about this job really. But doing like thumbnails like this, it's always so difficult to really showcase the scale of what we're kind of doing and how we're approaching certain things. So, you know, when we shoot when we shot all the source, it's like try to get as many objects of food to showcase just doesn't look appealing. It's like a color mess. We used to call this organized clutter is what I dubbed it was like it's just like it's organized but it's all clutter >> and then we make it go on forever cuz that can lead to this like clickability. I just don't think it was a really solid packaging. We thought of the idea because we wanted to help people more than we wanted views and so because of that it like sacrificed the the way that the thumbnail looked. So it gets the point of the video across but honestly like in today's standard I also think it's fine to just have Jimmy in a closeup of a piece of food and not have to showcase so much crazy stuff. Um, but back in the day we felt the need to like prove to people that we were actually doing these kind of things because people would maybe think like no YouTuber give a million dollars of food away. >> Five years ago that wasn't a thing. >> So there's so much I would change like you know it needs a better concept. I think today's day is like again just Jimmy holding food and then like having a million dollar price tag. This right here is like a feel-good video of like what we're trying to showcase. Like we did the video and then thought about the the thumbnail later. And that's that's much harder to do than thinking about like the thumbnail and if people are going to click on it first. So >> yeah, I think another concept you could have done is uh kind of like the clothes one if I'm not mistaken or the shoes one where he's kind of like laying back in >> a pile of a bunch of food or whatever it is. >> I agree with that one. Yeah, that could that definitely is something cuz it's then it's up close and it's more closer cereals and and cans and stuff like that. Agreed. >> Yeah. Cool. Get this off the screen. This is bad. This one was really, really, really hard to do. So, all in all, like showing a firework is not easy at all. Um, especially when it's the world's largest. So, like you could show a quick little tiny thing and like the actual firework didn't look like this. And so, we were doing our best to showcase that it's this like rocket type thing that's going to shoot in the sky. just like there was nothing we could have done there to really showcase the actual like firework in the right way we needed to. So we had built a tube like one of those tubes that you got from like a store like huge tube. This is like it was huge and then they painted it red. I remember because there was still wet paint on the ground and I stepped in it and it ruined my shoe. Like the whole bottom of my shoe is red and dude it's still red. Like I don't know where that shoe is but it's like it ruined the shoe. And um but all in all is like we built that set, we built the little side pieces to it. Um and did our best to make it look there, you know, TNT, everyone recognizes that. Um and then that was like a rope and a blowtorrch. And so the blowtorrch was to signal that you lit it. And then the rope was to be the fuse, >> right? Dude, I mean honestly like I again I designed this thumbnail um and you can see like the PNG sparks and all the things the fire and everything I tried there is like if I could go back I don't even know how I would represent the thumbnail better with a firework. I honestly couldn't tell you. I think like I was stuck on this one for the longest time. Like you know maybe a blowtorrch isn't the best thing and it doesn't have the best angle. We could have probably done something different. You know I think his leg is distracting there. it doesn't need to necessarily be there. I also think that like the fused green is not like realistic of what it would look like. I think the flares and everything just look so fake. >> Um the logo is even like blurry and doesn't look good. It's like wrapped around it. I don't even know what I was doing. Like again, I designed this thumbnail myself and I'm not a designer. I was just like making the thumbnails cuz that's how that's what we needed at the time. Give it to one of my designers these days and I guarantee you they'd make this thumbnail look so much more prettier. But there's probably a better concept we could have also shot here as Well, I just I don't know it cuz it's hard to really showcase a firework that's like the world's largest, you know? >> I honestly like this concept, but I think just things like the composition and cleaning things up really needed to take place >> or at least now on in today's standards, that's how I would imagine it. Um, like you said, the leg, the blowtorrch, the actual flames, and even things like the lighting on Jimmy's face. Like nowadays if you were actually shooting that asset, you would have an orange light on his face. >> Yeah. And the face also needs to be swapped as well. It's like that one's crazy. >> And close the mouth. >> Yeah. And close the mouth. Exactly. >> Would this be one you would go back and rework? >> I think this one is something we should go rework web. This is one maybe we should put on the list to eventually rework. I think we could make this better for sure. >> Once again, the team updated their thumbnail and I love this one. Oh my gosh, this one was also so bad. It was so hard to represent this video of like the Boy Scouts. We shot all of this source. I also designed this thumbnail. I love how all the ones that we're picking here are the ones I designed cuz it's so easy to roast my own stuff. Um the the whole goal for this one was showcase that a kid was better than Jimmy at it and if he went back to Boy Scouts, it was like that. Like that was like the thought process and like um you know we were like we were convinced that this was like actually gonna um be like a mega banger. But in reality like if I went back is like I think it would have been funnier to do some like sort of like Jimmy saluting with like the you know like all the Boy Scout badges or something or like actually like closeup of Jimmy just the fire. I don't think the six-year-old thing is needed. I think back then we thought it was. I mean, when I look at this, dude, the background, the leaves, the woods, like that's just such clutter. >> The brown jackets. >> Yeah. Just Oh, man. It's so brutal. And it was just it shows a great example of like how scrappy we were back then. So, >> all of that would be changed. And even like text in the thumbnail at this level is like just takes up so much space as well. And I think we could have done we could have just definitely done a better vibe. >> Crazy to see the difference 5 years ago versus what you guys are uploading today. >> Incredible. In reality, it's not that long ago. Five like but the comparison >> feels like 25 years for me, dude. It feels like forever ago. >> So, I I love it though. I mean, I love looking at some of my old work and be like, "Dang, that's incredible." Cuz like what I'm doing now is very different than like designing the thumbnails themselves. And we have a wonderful team that is like kicking ass at that right now. >> Look how far you've came. >> Agreed. >> All right, on to the last one. >> Oh man. Uh this is another one. So this one of our designers actually did this and we worked really hard on this concept of like how do we showcase like this extreme game of hideand seek and so you know at this era we were always like putting the logo on Jimmy's shirt. We don't do that every time now but we were like trying to do this brand image recognition where you see Jimmy's face you see that logo there's like a trust factor that we're going to deliver on it. So, we were doing that and like you know the Jimmy like looking and um we had basically this idea that we'd hang someone off the side of the building, but we could never get Jimmy's face in it and showcase one. So, we had to do it of like Jimmy looking out of a window and then making it look really high up. I don't think this is like one of the best ones that we could have ever done. And it was so funny. I remember getting the source from Logan Paul's team and there he was like so like, "Bro, I'm only doing this because it's Jimmy. like I'm only doing this for Jimmy. Like they better, you know, they better do a good job on this. It was so funny cuz it was like, you know, at that time, no one was shooting source. So, even for Logan, it was a little crazy to kind of do one of those things. And u when talking with his team, I was like, dude, we just need him to look like terrified and like he's hanging off the side of a building. Uh but it was like the funniest thing. And you know, we got this awesome source. And I honestly like would if I was to like recreate this, I think we could have done a better job making the building look more realistic. And the image in the background and >> you know Jimmy just in general like I think we could have reframed this. I think the actual concept of someone hanging off a building and someone looking out was actually cool. >> I just think that like there's so much composition wise we change. There's so much color that we would change. Um >> everything's so overexposed >> and that's how it was back in the day. We just thought that this was the best at the moment. And you know, we've learned now too that it's better to kind of make a better quality realistic kind of thumbnail than like try to like have all these bright colors. Like the yellow was like, okay, like this is like slight contrast to the blue and the brick wall so he doesn't blend in, but also at the same time isn't needed to be that bright. It's like Logan Paul's shirt is literally the sun. Like what? Um, we have like a Maverick logo on the shirt. I don't think that was the most necessary. It's a small detail that like helps things, but like does it make a massive difference if someone clicks? Probably not. Um, but yeah, I mean, this one itself, I think the concept itself could have been slightly tweaked for colors and realism and also better maybe angle and position. There's like it also feels like Jimmy's like flat, too. It feels like there's no real depth to him as well. So, I would change a lot of those things. And yeah, >> I remember when this thumbnail first came out, I was like, "Oh my gosh, this is so good." >> Dude, everyone was hyped over this on uh Twitter at the time and everyone was like, "Wow, I can't believe someone like did this." And like >> that's kind of how it is sometimes. It's like you get so excited in the time and then two years later you look back and you're like, "What did we do?" You know, but that's cuz like everyone needs to innovate and everyone needs to like grow and learn and we've done so much of that over the last few years ourselves where now our thumbnails are totally different than they were 2 years ago or 3 years ago. What we think is amazing right now is not going to be good in 3 years from now. So like it's the best understanding of like how to keep improving your process is by holding yourself accountable and being able to go back and be like, "Wow, look at how much we've made progress and how do we keep improving stuff?" >> All right, Chucky, thank you so much. That was a lot of fun and I hope everyone was able to learn something from this. It >> was really fun and I got to get better at doing my own thumbnails and I'm never doing a thumbnail again. So that's my answer. >> I hope you guys enjoyed that video with Chucky and learn some new things. Be sure to subscribe and check out the Thumbnail Bros YouTube channel down below. The full video with Chucky at the Mr. Beast headquarters is dropping soon and we got a behind-the-scenes look at how they actually create their YouTube thumbnails. And don't forget to check out Thumbnail Academy while enrollment is still open. The price will never be this low again. I'll see you guys soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DillToma [8 likes]: Thanks to Chucky for inviting us out to NC! 

Get Thumbnail Academy here: https://thumbnailacademy.com/
  2. @luigi11ism [3 likes]: Only real ones know the old Chucky. I'm soo happy for Chucky and his future, man looks so fucking happy.
  3. @AnjuRod [1 likes]: Bro! When is gonna be re-opened the thumbnail academy!? I really f**king need it! I just discover your channel and im already so hype! Greetings from Mexico
  4. @Learnbymuntazirjd [1 likes]: Hi I am a YouTube thumbnail designer from Pakistan 🇵🇰. Love you guys. Great content. I am also teaching Thumbnail Designing and client hunting on my this channel ❤
  5. @BadisDesigns [1 likes]: Hi Dill Wanna Collab?
  6. @ThumbnailSprint: So good🎉
  7. @notdefeatgamer: How much time did it take you to become that much perfect in thumbnail designs?
  8. @KungzGraphic: My idolll thumbnail maker🔥🔥
  9. @Umer80767: How much does it cost to join Thumbnail Academy?
  10. @TheZeusMan: Zhouse boys gather ❤
  11. @osagechanneru: love the video bro
  12. @divyv20: Hey Dill Toma , really nice video ! I was wondering if I could help you with more Engaging Editing & Thumbnails with Seo in your videos which will help your videos reach to more audience just like it did for my clients ! Would you be open to see my results Man ?
  13. @random.-clips: lmfao
  14. @sillysapionxd: You Know Your Name Dill means Heart In hindi (indian Language) just love your content
  15. @guprovasi: 08:55 Maybe putting the weight of TNT? Something like “50kg TNT Fireworks”... 😅
  16. @dianasoyster: Ok Thumbnail King go awf
  17. @BrentTV: This is a really neat perspective!
  18. @atharvamore2080: New firework Thumbnail looking so fake. Seems like done by chat gpt, previous thumbnail concept was perfect just needed refinement as chuck said.
  19. @octaviobruno7068: Lo mejor de lo mejor felicidades, más videos como estos
  20. @anmu-y8r: please more videos like this

- I Recreated MrBeast Thumbnails With AI: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to a new video and today I thought it would be interesting to use AI to recreate some of Mr BEAST's thumbnails alright so the first one we're going to do is his newest video which is one dollar versus five hundred thousand dollar plane ticket as you see he's eaten a sundae in a golden plane so I can actually use the image for the AI to try and recreate however I still gotta type up a prompt man happily eating a sundae inside of a golden plane hmm okay so this is actually very accurate I mean he's not looking at the camera like Mr Beast but it does look like Mr Beast he just has like a giant tooth just one giant tooth but yeah that actually looks very similar okay so this one is gonna be a lot more difficult because I don't really know how to describe it I'm just gonna say man being man being targeted I don't really know how to how else to describe this one whoa okay I like this first one because it's just like missing a thumb here kind of looks like me with short hair I'll be honest um it's just that Mr Beast is missing a thumb in the thumbnail alright so surprisingly one of Mr BEAST's most controversial videos apparently is the carrying 1000 people's blindness and this is just I don't know I don't know how I'm gonna describe this one okay so I tried to be as specific as possible here man with short brown hair and beard smiling with his hand on his shoulder of a boy staring at the camera with Galls around his forehead hopefully it works whoa okay not very accurate let's I'm gonna actually try it again to see see if I can get a better outcome oh oh my God look at this one oh my God this one is super accurate look it's got that does that looks like Mr Beast if he just didn't shave for a little bit okay so this is gonna be an interesting one because this one is Mr Beast surviving 50 hours in Antarctica but this thumbnail has text in it and I don't know how it's gonna uh interact with that I'm actually gonna move my webcam down here man with short brown hair wearing a red coat in Antarctica I'm really great at spelling folks all right what's it gonna do not extremely accurate this is probably the best one and I don't know why there's just there's just random text in the bottom left corner for some reason I actually made this one as the best one yeah I'm thinking this one could could be a thumbnail honestly okay so this is the hydraulic press versus Lamborghini and I think this one is going to be some I think this one's gonna cause some problems because I feel like it's I don't know I feel like this will be really hard for the AI to recreate okay so I guess I'm just gonna say man with short brown hair coining at a red Lamborghini being crushed by a hydraulic press all right I think that's as specific as I can possibly make it oh this one right here is very similar actually um this one he's kind of just holding the Lamborghini for some reason this actually might be my thumbnail for this video I mean Mr Beast does not look like Mr Beast in this one it's just a random guy with short hair kind of chubby middle aged but if the title is hydraulic press versus Lamborghini then this would probably be the perfect thumbnail okay so this is um for beast in a circle yeah I actually think he changed this thumbnail because this was the uh survival 100 days in a circle and I remember it being a little bit different than this but let's just see what AI does with it man laying on the ground in a red circle very specific okay uh this one right here is very distorted and creepy looking this one right here is probably the best out of them all okay so the man just doesn't have a face he kind of looks like a cyclops okay for once Mr Beast has a closed mouth for a thumbnail I've never seen that before it's kind of disturbing I'll be honest yeah this is the the video where he hunted 100 people I don't know if this one's gonna work man with short brown hair daring at the camera with a bunch of people wearing blue suits behind I don't know I don't know if this one's gonna work I'll be honest uh I mean maybe I'll be honest it's kind of similar oh my God look at the arms ew look at his hands in this one they're just like they're coming out of like one little like wrist or something that's kind of creepy so my webcam was kind of hiding it but this is probably the one I would pick if I had to choose a thumbnail for I hunted 100 people I don't know why they put glasses on Mr Beast I didn't even I didn't even say he was wearing glasses how dare you this is apparently Mr Beast kind of creepy how this is not even a real face isn't it okay so this is ten thousand dollars every day you survive prison pretty good video from Mr Beast um probably a little more specific with this one man wearing a destroyed white shirt and orange pants in a brick jail ooh look at this one look at this one ew look at the arms that's creepy ew and Mr Beast is kind of like a I think this one right here is my favorite this man here doesn't look like Mr Beast at all but yeah that's probably the best thumbnail it's kind of scary how how similar it's actually making it okay so this is world's most dangerous escape room and for this one I thought what would happen if I just copy the title of the video and see what the AI does all right world's most dangerous escape room okay there's the thumbnail and let's see what happens okay so that was a bad idea because it's not it's not very similar at all I don't know what's happening with this lady um okay so that was not not the right approach still have to be a little specific when when describing the image so this is last big handoff Lamborghini keeps it and I think the only the only way I can do this is just type in everyone touching a Lamborghini people touching a green Lamborghini in a concrete room okay I think this one right here could really work for the thumbnail because you have a bunch of hands in the front this one I don't even know what's happening here there's a giant hand just like eating the freaking car I feel like we're really pushing the limit here with with these thumbnails all right so if you're new here I eat pizza a lot I love pizza and I thought this would be a little iconic for the video since I eat pizza all the time this is I ate the world's largest slice of pizza and I think this could be very similar I think uh I think the AI will be able to recreate this one easily all right let's just do man holding a giant slice of pizza Hmm this one is the most accurate right here this guy holding a giant pizza slice also it does cut the background does kind of look like a kitchen like the original so that's another thing to note all right so this is the one dollar versus one million dollar hotel room let's try man with short brown hair in front of a mansion with a yellow Lamborghini God that's a popular car to have in in the thumbnails apparently in the driveway all right you know what this is very good I really like this one because I I feel like it's very similar similar similar the only difference is the the Mansion isn't as vibrant so maybe it wouldn't be that great for a thumbnail but yeah also one thing to note is you know it is using an already existing thumbnail to recreate something so if you want to use this for a thumbnail you still have to make a thumbnail for it to recreate let me let me show you guys what I mean so without any image let's do some random Mr Beast like thumbnail I don't know let's say Mr Beast builds a pyramid out of Lamborghinis I don't know why that would be a video but just as an example man with short brown hair in front of a pyramid a pyramid of Lamborghinis yeah um it doesn't it doesn't really look like Mr BEAST's thumbnails does it actually let's do the the circle video the last to leave giant Circle video man laying on the ground in a red circle okay without the Mr Beast thumbnail already existing let's see what it looks like without the star yeah not not that great so technically speaking you still have to kind of make a YouTube thumbnail for the AI to recreate that's why I was trying to get out is you know this this could be good for making a YouTube thumbnail however you really need a good start image to really for it to really recreate so yeah if you want a YouTube thumbnail made by AI you need an already existing starter image for it to recreate okay so this is the last one I'm going to do for today this is the one where Mr Beast killed his uh brother's house with slime there is a lot going on in this thumbnail so I feel like it may have some problems recreating this one I'm gonna say man filling a living room with slime okay I think this is the best one out of the four that it generated so before I end this video I do want to show you guys what it looks like when you do enhance the picture because you can do that okay take a take a good look at how it how it looks okay so this is how it originally looks and this is when you enhance it boom yeah it kind of looks like he has a messed up face not pixelated doesn't really recreate the image in a better way it just helps the thumb it just helps the picture look better hope you guys enjoyed this um kind of a experiment video I guess make sure to subscribe for your brand new this channel because I'm getting a haircut at 10 000 subscribers I only need 960 more so hit that subscribe button and I'll see you guys later peace [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Animefruba: Did you ever get your driver's license 🚘
  2. @natnatnatxd2300: Now make AI Recreate your video thumbnail

- How I Get Over 100,000,000 Views Per Video: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to be showing you how you can get access to all my YouTube Secrets everything I use to get over 100 million views a video and the answer is my brand new website that I just launched views.com so if you go to views.com you'll see this right here and you can enter in any YouTube channel you want I'm going to put in Mr Beast my channel boom and when you search a channel it will pull up their Channel page which basically allows you to see the analytics of any channel another thing you can see on a Channel's analytics page that I don't think you can find anywhere else on the Internet is you can see how many views on that channel are coming from long form versus short form let's say a Channel's popping off and getting a billion views a month well if they're getting a billion views a month from short that is completely different than if they're getting a billion views a month from long form and so being able to distinguish the difference is huge and everything you see there is just the beginning because if you hit this videos tab here you can click on any video on my channel we'll just do this ages 1 through 100 decides video you can see the daily viewership for specifically that video right here and you can see every time we Swit the thumbnails with this little icon of ab thumbnail test on top of that you can see what it ranked out of 10 no joke you just click here and then it will show you that that video is 4 out of 10 so without view stats if you wanted to see out of 10 how well a video performed on a channel you couldn't unless you had access to their creator Studio but now you can see any video on all of YouTube what it ranks out of 10 which I thought was pretty cool on top of that you can also see every single AV thumbnail test ran on that video the next tab is called similar channels and this is insane this tab takes your content okay and it looks at all the titles and the content you're making and then it Compares it across our giant data set and shows you other channels that make similar content to you that way if you're looking for someone to collab or you just want to get some inspiration off of people who make similar content it is incredibly easy and we didn't just stop there basically if you go up to the top of view stats you can hit Top subscribers and what it will show you in real time is the most subscribed to YouTube channels on the platform and obviously you can see the most viewed YouTube channels those are pretty standard but where it gets very cool you can also see the top 50 most videos from the previous day you can also see the most of videos on the whole platform in the last 7 days last 28 days even and this is crazy the last year those are all the top charts we currently offer and we're working tirelessly to get more up here we also have a view stats Chrome extension that if you go to the Chrome Store and type in view stats all you have to do is hit add to Chrome just like any other extension hit ADD extension and once you install it whenever you're watching Youtube you'll have this view stats overlay to the right of the video and if you look on the right side of the video now you you'll see an overlay on the video that shows you the daily viewership of the video you can hit compare compare it to my most recent video on my channel you can hit ranking and see what it ranked out of 10 when I uploaded it you can see the overview of my channel and so much more all without having to leave YouTube everything I've showed you so far is 100% free but we didn't just stop here we wanted to build some even crazier tools that we're putting behind view stats Pro because these things literally cost millions of dollars to operate and I can't afford to give them away for free on the free site with everything else and view stats Pro is going to blow your mind and I'm going to explain it to you now the first tool I want to show you guys is called outliers and what outlier means is if you have a Channel with let's say 10,000 subscribers and they get 100 views on their first video 100 views on their second video but their fourth video gets 100,000 views that fourth video got a thousand times the views of the other three videos it didn't just go viral randomly it either was a good title thumbnail the content something something about that video was special that caused it to do multiples better than the channel average which is why we label that in outlier and we store all of them here so you can use them for inspiration on top of that we built a very robust filtering system you can say I only want to see outliers that have over a million views on channels over 100,000 subscribers that did at least 10x the average views on that channel in the last 90 days that was a lot of filters and boom look at how quick that loaded and all those parameters are now in place we went all out on this outlier tool to make it as easy as possible for you to just brainstorm viral ideas and grow your viewership now I'm going to show you the second tool on view stats Pro and I got to sit up for this one cuz it's going to blow your mind okay I don't even know how we built this it's called thumbnail search and you can type in whatever you want and it will pull up thumbnails for you to get inspired off of okay let's say I'm a farmer and I want to do a video on my tractor I'm just going to type in something very descriptive a person standing next to a tractor right let's say I filmed a video of my tractor and I want thumbnail inspiration all you got to do is hit enter and then boom this will show you every thumbnail on YouTube that has a person standing next to a tractor I think this thumbnail right here that I'm hovering my mouse over it's pretty interesting and so what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit search by thumbnail and now it's going to pull up a bunch of other thumbnails that were similar to that giant tractor thumbnail in this hypothetical scenario where I'm role playing as a farmer making a video on my tractor I now have good inspiration on how I could angle the camera to make the tractor look big and on what would do well also you don't have to type in something you can also just search by an image and if you're ever on YouTube and you see a thumbnail you like you can just copy the URL to the video and paste it there and search with that thumbnail as well we thought of every single use case and put it all into here the third tool behind view stats Pro is called AB test and what you're looking at now is every single AB thumbnail test currently being ran on YouTube we all know about AB thumbnail tests you upload a couple thumbnail options YouTube tests them all out and it tells you which one's the best and why I think this tool would be valuable for you guys is instead of you having to run dozens or hundreds or thousands of ab thumbnail test across all your videos on the channel to learn about what people want and don't want what if instead you could just see every single AB thumbnail test every other YouTuber is running and you can just study those and apply their findings to your channel and save a ton of time you can type into this search bar whatever you want let's say Minecraft you know if you're a Minecraft Creator and this will show you all the most recent AB thumbnail tests ran on Minecraft channels so we can scroll through here looks like Preston ran an a thumbnail test he tried this Blood Blaze forgot son blood farm and it looks like forgotten Sun one so I'm going to type in Ryan trean my boy Ryan how you doing his newest video is I tried every seat on the most expensive Airline these were his three thumbnail options he had 24/7 service with him laying in a bed he had sleep pod $54 and then he had economy slfirst class and the winner was the economy first class one which the interesting part about this tool is if you went to my channel I did a similar video like this like a year before he did and if you look at our AB thumbnail test the split in half economy first class one also won for me so this is an example how Ryan could have looked at my ab thumbnail test saw what worked and applied it to his channel and saved time and you can see every single one of these tests with view stats Pro and learn from the millions of dollars I spent making these thousands of thumbnails and testing them on my channel our fourth view stats pro tool is alerts this one's a little more straightforward than the other ones but incredibly useful if you use it correctly you can set an alert for anything you'd want let's say I know later this year I'm going to do a video where I bu the world's largest treehouse I can create an alert with the title I built I'll set it where it shows me anytime my video gets over a million views I just want long not shorts and then I hit create and then what it will do is it will show me every video on all of YouTube that has over a million views with ibuilt in the title currently and then it will alert me in the future anytime another video meets that threshold you can use this so if something happens in your Niche or vertical or whatever you're in real time updated and you don't have to live on YouTube our fifth tool is collection which basically ties all the other tools together in one spot let's say when you're using the outlier tools you like an idea you just hit this thing in the top right of the idea and then you just hit add new collection title It Whatever Minecraft and basically whether you're using alerts thumbnail search outliers it allows you to store all the data that you're finding across view stats Pro and one spot for later and we're not just stopping with these five tools with view stats Pro we have over a dozen tools that we're planning on launching over the next year click the link in description or go to views.com Ford SL Pro I feel like a weight is now off my shoulder we've been working on this for so long and to finally launch all these tools just H I just can't wait to hear what you guys think of it

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast2 [8300 likes]: Head over to https://viewstats.com/pro and sign up today! #ViewStatsPartner
  2. @JasonPawn [314 likes]: Good luck to new youtubers in 2025 ❤
  3. @Midnight_Bytes0 [53 likes]: wow, i didn't know this existed
  4. @dawnniemercado [42 likes]: This looks amazing! I am so excited to finally be learning directly from the master himself.  You are so giving and do so much in terms of philanthropy. Thank you for not gate keeping this amazing intel.  🥰🥰🎭🎭🔥🔥 Hard breaking in, at 58 YouTuber/Actor here.  Love this new tool!
  5. @thefactstory98 [38 likes]: Support me please please please please please please 😢😢😢😢
  6. @eternocuriosochannel [29 likes]: Com muita persistência vou conseguir! 💪💪
  7. @MrTioFeliz [29 likes]: Thank you, Jimmy
  8. @EZR [24 likes]: Thanks Jimmy. You upgraded my life today ⏫
  9. @PromptVerseYT [21 likes]: wow thanks bro
  10. @Jgkgkgig-t5b [17 likes]: Aalu khaoge😂😂🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔🥔
  11. @NaylaAfrin [16 likes]: ্Thanks for 97 subscribers
  12. @A_L-polit [11 likes]: Thanks Jimmy, that's really cool.
  13. @jamestateIII [11 likes]: Im going to start buying his food in grocery stores. He good people he makes crazy videos...BUT he's actually very charitable too and this instruction video has blown me away.  Im so happy to have these tools...im going to check itnall outnnd pay a subscription to PRO more than likely.
  14. @CatGrandRapidsCatGrandRapids [10 likes]: GOOD
  15. @cimbomedit-11 [8 likes]: Thanks man
  16. @QuenjackFamilia [3 likes]: Nice to meet you
  17. @OliverMarley [2 likes]: This should be the homepage for @youtube
  18. @insanoblox2 [2 likes]: Eres el mejor
  19. @NirobMonddal [1 likes]: 135survive film
  20. @Tanhung_Gameming [1 likes]: Tôi đã đăng hơn 1000 video và vẫn chưa đủ điều kiện bật kiếm tiền..tôi biết có nhiều cách nhưng tôi muốn chơi đúng luật..tôi không sợ thất bại và không bao giờ từ bỏ

- The Mr.Beast Thumbnail Experiment: Kind: captions Language: en ever pondered the sheer power of a thumbnail in drawing eyeballs to a video in this vast digital landscape that tiny image serves as a beacon summoning viewers to click and dive into the content today we're delving into the Dynamics of this phenomenon using a familiar face you might recognize Mr Beast you see Mr Beast isn't just a name he's a brand a symbol of audacious challenges philanthropy and entertainment that keeps Millions glued to their screens with his reputation for attracting views like a magnet it's no surprise we've chosen His image for our little experiment but why Mr Beast you ask well the answer is straightforward Mr Beast with his over 40 million subscribers represents a potent force on the platform His Image synonymous with jaw-dropping stunts and heartwarming generosity is instantly recognizable his face on a thumbnail is like a beacon drawing in viewers from all corners of the Internet it's a testament to the power of brand recognition and we're putting it to the test but this isn't just about views or popularity it's about understanding the subtle nuances of digital marketing of the power of imagery and Association it's about knowing how to navigate the online world how to tap into its potential and how to use it to your advantage so we've planted the seed now we wait and watch will Mr Beast face on our thumbnail proved to be the game changer we anticipate it to be will it draw in the views like a moth to a flame only time will tell but one thing's for sure the results of this experiment will be nothing short of fascinating so stay tuned because we're about to explore Uncharted Territory the countdown has begun

- How to Create Thumbnails like @MrBeast to Go Viral!!: Kind: captions Language: en Your brain clicks thumbnails before you decide to. And Mr. Beast designs his thumbnails around this exact psychology. By the end of this video, you won't be able to unsee faces, numbers, and colors the same way again. Let me show you why. Let's start with the most important truth about thumbnails. One, the 0.3 second rule. When someone scrolls YouTube, they don't stop and analyze your thumbnail. They don't read it. They don't study it. Their brain just scans and in about 0.3 seconds it makes a choice. Worth my time or keep moving. And the first thing Mr. Beast locks in is this rule. The layout of his thumbnail is designed so the brain takes less than a millisecond to understand the message he's trying to convey. If your thumbnail needs explanation, your viewer is already gone. This is where most people fail. They try to explain their entire video inside one small box. Two, reaction. The human brain is wired to look for faces [music] before anything else. Not money, not objects, not words, but faces. When you see a reaction, your brain doesn't just observe it. [music] It reflects it. If the face looks shocked, you feel curious. If the face looks excited, you feel like there's a reward waiting. Mr. Beast doesn't show you what happened, he shows you how it felt. Most creators show the thing. He shows the emotion. It's like the face is the emotional headline of the thumbnail. [music] But even the best reaction fails if the face is too small. Three, head size. Even a slightly bigger head makes the brain treat the face as more important. Emotion becomes readable on mobile. That's why Mr. Beast's face often feels like it's breaking out of the thumbnail. Not because it looks better, but because it feels louder to your brain. Four, eye direction. Humans follow other humans eyes. If someone looks at you, you feel connection. If someone looks at something, you [music] look there, too. This means the thumbnail doesn't let the viewer choose where to look. It guides them. Most creators place things randomly. If you ever watch Mr. Beast's thumbnails, he almost always looks forward. Whatever is happening in the thumbnail creates eye to eye contact with us. Then he creates a visual hierarchy that tells our eyes where to move from start to finish. But even perfect faces fail if the colors don't separate. Five, color contrast. High contrast helps the brain sort elements fast. Low contrast makes everything blend into noise. That's why Mr. Beast often uses calm backgrounds like blue, so the face and the object can be loud. If everything is colorful, the brain can't decide what's more informative. Everything blends together. To avoid this, you can use the color wheel and different color schemes to make your thumbnails stand out. Now, let's talk about why he barely uses words. Six, no sentences. Reading takes effort. A sentence makes your brain work. Understanding two or three lines on a thumbnail takes time, and people don't want to spend that effort, so they scroll. But a number makes your brain curious. That's why he uses one big number, not a paragraph. And if you notice carefully, the numbers are often specific, not a round figure, because specific feels real. The thumbnail's job isn't to explain. It's to create a question in the viewer's mind. But here's the part most people get wrong. Seven, two to three elements. Your brain can only hold about two or three visual ideas at once. Mr. Beast almost always uses the same formula. He uses his face to create a situation and adds a number or a symbol. Everything else gets removed. No extra objects, no extra logos, no extra text because every extra element is another chance for your viewer to scroll. Now, let's talk about why his thumbnails feel expensive. Eight. Background blur and depth. Flat images feel artificial. Depth feels real. When something feels real, the brain trusts it. Blur separates the face from the background and everything feels cinematic. And this is where everything comes together. Nine, the moment before. A great thumbnail doesn't show the moment. It shows the moment before something happens. The brain is addicted to unfinished stories. When it sees a situation without an ending, it needs to know what comes next. The thumbnail creates the tension. The click releases it. But none of this matters if you never test. 10. A/b testing. Mr. Beast doesn't guess. He tests. He creates many different thumbnails, different camera angles, different colors, different numbers. Then he checks which one gets the highest CTR. Even after he gets the result, he studies why that thumbnail performed better. Then he makes even better ones. And finally, he lets the audience decide. The best thumbnail isn't the one you like, it's the one your audience chooses. Now go back to your favorite Mr. Beast thumbnail and see how many of these triggers you can spot. You won't unsee it. Thank you so much for watching. I hope you understood the concept and is also tag me on Instagram so I can see what you're making. I am waiting to see your designs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sky333suraj [2 likes]: This is one of the best videos on Internet.
  2. @Hydrophobic12 [1 likes]: 1k soon.
  3. @OZACKOO: 🤩
  4. @lowkhay: It's a great video but the AI voice and profile pic kinda ruin it, I almost clicked off when I heard it, but I had to make an active effort to give it a shot.
  5. @SikandarVats: Really loved your easy explaining way of key concepts. Its a pure quality content that should reach millions.

- The MrBeast-ification of Youtube: Kind: captions Language: en i recreated willy wonka's chocolate factory in real life we're spending the next 100 hours in goku i gathered some of my friends and whichever one of us built the craziest minecraft item to impress in this briefcase i have 25 thousand dollars there are 10 youtubers i have friends hey son does this give you a headache me too let's talk about that i feel like youtube is kind of like cable tv now it's boring as hell it's formulaic algorithmic soulless massive productions and sets are used as replacement for like actual entertainment everyone acts like the same guy and you know what i think you can blame this all on mr beast yeah that's right i'm i'm gonna take him down uh not really i don't really have a problem with jimmy he seems like a great dude he's clearly done a lot of good for a lot of people but this video isn't really about him it's more about the effect that his sheer existence has had on this website i feel like at a time like this where video like this can be created and also get a lot of views i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country there's somewhat of a need to stop for a second and ask ourselves what the hell is going on how did we get to this point let's go back a few years ago jimmy beast founder of beast burger beast uh trees beast chocolate had a very grassroots start on youtube he used to make videos commentating with cod gameplay running in the background talking all about his i don't know his crohn's disease i wasn't really a follower of him back then these videos were pretty cringe as any up and coming youtubers videos usually tend to be but what set him apart really early on from any other youtuber around him is the fact that he actively more actively than anyone else tried to really understand the youtube algorithm i'm sure a lot of people remember these streams that he did when he used to just go and say a certain word 100 000 times it's pretty obvious now to see why these videos were so successful a it's pretty funny seeing a guy doing something like that to himself for no other reason than just for our entertainment b algorithm around the time that he started making these videos the youtube algorithm was really really pushing stuff that had insane watch time and an 11 hour video of you counting will essentially do just that it will have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of watch time jimmy built his business very gradually using every penny that he made from those videos to make his own content bigger and according to himself better now he has channels in multiple languages a few businesses and he's ranking in millions and millions of dollars he's more than just a person now mr beast is a corporation mr beast is a brand as much as i enjoyed that squid game video i really don't think there's that much of a difference between that and something that i may see on tv like i don't know total wipeout or something like that it was admittedly pretty cool to watch but it also feels like a company made it it's very detached from the personal feeling that used to define youtube videos a while ago and now everyone is just trying to copy exactly that i don't really mind jimmy creating his own path and doing his own shtick but one thing that i'm really really exhausted by is seeing these god damn mr beast copycats all over my my goddamn homepage there's like billions of these little guys just just little dudes walking around trying to be mr beast it makes sense when you are the guy on youtube which he definitely is one thing that will always happen is that people will just try to do what you're doing and jimmy has made it easier than anyone else to try and do just that one of the differences between mr beast and other the guys on youtube is that back in the day when you'd ask one of these youtubers have they managed to do what they've done how do they get to their points um they'd give answers that would be kind of um uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh you know man it's it's all about believing in yourself it's all about uh not not worrying you don't need to worry about the algorithm you just gotta you just gotta be yourself you gotta stay true to who you are what are you even talking about i'm in my early twenties do you think i know who i am what do you want me to figure that out now like on the spot wait what are you even what are you even talking about get out of here with all your uh being nice and supportive and all that do you scumbag what if i don't have a personality and i want to be really popular and have loads of money and and fade mr beast is actually quite helpful in that regard he does a lot of interviews where he actually says what he did and like the steps to achieving what he's done but the problem is that because mr beast has reached this level of popularity that has just surpassed anything that has ever happened on youtube people just take every single word of his as gospel like they're getting advice from jesus christ himself you get this situation where people instead of hearing what he has to say and like mixing that up with their own thing their own like individual unique thing that they have going on they decide to do all of his tips and tricks do every step that he decided to do without like giving it any sort of a twist whatsoever this great by the way interview that colin and samir did with mr beast has over 10 million views and i feel like it has more or less become the guidebook to any up and coming mr beast impersonator on youtube the thing i said earlier about having no personality this wasn't like a mean dig at mr beast this is a reference to like an actual thing that he said during that interview in terms of youtube like i'm really curious your perspective on the vlogging format like creators like emma chamberlain her viewership is really significant and sometimes she's just like at her house making coffee and making a peanut butter jelly sandwich how do you think she captures that much attention she's a naturally funny person and like that is a skill but at the same time you're limited by a personality like she's doing well she's you know top one percent of creators but i mean how many views a month like 40 or something like it's great it's phenomenal but it's like there's she's tied down to her personality if you don't like emma then you're not gonna watch your videos you know what i mean this statement is so fascinating because i just think that it explains a lot i mean just think about it being tied down or limited by personality you can get really big on youtube with a strong personality but according to jimmy at the end of the day it is sort of a glass ceiling i don't think that this is him trying to be mean to emma in any way i think that he's just speaking his truth if you want to market yourself the same way that you would a product you gotta let go of that that that silly little personality of yours you gotta completely sanitize yourself from any sort of uh human characteristic to get the most amount of people out there to be okay with you same reason as to why most game show hosts on tv are essentially interchangeable a personality can be something that someone would dislike a personality can be controversial if you just act like a like a youtube made robot it's a pretty safe bet how would you describe jimmy beast like what would be what would be the characteristics that you would assign to him how much do you actually know anything about how he acts i'd say that he's uh loud i guess he shouts quite a bit i recreated every single set from squid game in real life he's a charitable everything you can fit in this circle i'll donate to your charity i don't know it's really difficult to think about that he did a very good job when it comes to differentiating between mr beast the product and mr beast the human being that is a lot of pressure because yeah the product of the video is your personality well yeah because if you're depressed or you're going through stuff you know it's harder to make videos you know i mean he's right genuinely i mean seeing this i can't help but think about this no eating video that he made sure do have a lot of opinions about that one i think that was a that was a bold choice of a video to make man i am not eating any food for the next 30 days mr beast decided to undertake this challenge where he doesn't eat anything at all for about 30 days ended up doing 14 at the end putting this challenge and my problems with it aside for just a second because i'm gonna be talking about that later on in the video this thing offered a pretty interesting look at jimmy's life and it's pretty crazy i hang out with so many youtubers who do so many things and none of them are as busy as this guy he's filming like a billion videos every single day at the same time and when watching these videos because they came out before this one and i do watch i do watch jimmy beast every now and again myself i for the life of me could not tell you that this man was experiencing this sort of uh calorie deficit i was so nauseous that i couldn't film for more than 20 minutes without sitting down for a break i could never tell you that while this guy was like shouting about some chocolate factory or whatever his body was fighting not to pass out i almost scrapped the chocolate factory video because i was so low energy factory in real life the second the camera's on this dude is like a machine he's a professional and he doesn't like anything even not eating for 14 days put that aside he has his set youtube personality and it's fairly easy for him to stick to it i think that hearing him explicitly talk about his show no personality rule in videos has made me really realize why i can't tell the difference between any of these guys ever any of the mini beasts going around doing their own thing i can't tell the difference between any of these guys they all seem the same to me rivera oh man let me describe to you brent rivera well first of all he's uh quite loud he could be quite loud every now and again there are 10 youtubers and we're playing squid game in real life he's very charitable i'm going to be spending 500 000 on my sister lexi's 21st birthday oh matthew beam oh let me tell you about mathy beam oh i love that guy well if i had to describe him i'd say that he can be pretty loud sometimes in this video i will be building mr beast the world's largest candy bar mr b he's very charitable this is going to be amazing everything in the store is off brand mr beast [Music] since you're our first customer you're going to have the chance to win a ton of money um yeah i don't really i don't really know what else though then there's jake corlini man oh man what can i tell you about about jake carlini well i guess i'd say that he has a tendency of maybe being a bit loud sometimes this is a turkey sandwich he's very he's very charitable matthew beam has been dominating youtube and recently hit 1 million subscribers i'm going to build matthew beam a custom play button then there's phidias the guy that did the 100 days at a poor country video wow what can i tell you about phidias well i guess you could say that um what's the word he's very he's very uh i'm going to bury myself alive for the next 24 hours in order to break the water he's pretty loud but also very charity now listen i'm sure that all these people have their very own unique and beautiful soul that i just need to get to know them a bit better and explore that i'm sure that they all have a a swirling ocean of emotions and characteristics and interesting things about their past that i i just need to to get to know jake carlini are you kidding me that guy looks cool as hell all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he can build himself that's impressive that's really really cool matthew beam i don't really i don't really like his haircut all that much but i'm sure that he's a beautiful beautiful man with a beautiful soul but hey you know what's the problem i wouldn't be able to tell you any of that from watching their videos because they all talk like the same guy they all act like mr beast everything in this store is off-brand mr b they all act like some weird emotionless youtube robot and it makes me not care about them at all it's like i'm trying to tell the difference between the minions but not the main cast not uh kevin bob stewart and otto not any of these guys you can learn a lot from mr beast's success but that doesn't mean that you literally need to become him that doesn't mean that you need to wear his own skin and talk like him and walk like him and edit like him be your own guy mr beast there's a phenomenon again popularized by mr beast that in my head i've always referred to as money i don't think i can say the word on youtube so i guess i gotta i gotta censor it with a funny sound effect when i'm editing this video essentially the gratifying part about a money video it's just seeing some guy some some dude and his friends spending more money than you might make in your life or at least this year on some random [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that that's just that doesn't even matter on a bunch of useless crap mr beast didn't really invent this as a concept i think buzzfeed kind of kicked it off but like anything that mr beast decides to do there will be two billion guys that will decide to copy that the next day i have 10 hours to spend 10 000 you're gonna win thousands of dollars today we're gonna get ten thousand dollars inside of this bag is ten thousand dollars personally as time goes i care less and less and less about seeing all these like insane amounts of money being spent on videos i think it's just kind of boring like i get it everyone wants to be a game show host now i can watch who wants to be a millionaire as well and i'll get the same effect i think this equivalency that more money spent on a video immediately makes it better is dumb as hell more money on a video can make it so the video gets more views that's absolutely true but to say that a video is better just because it has more views and because someone spent more money on it is really really stupid there's a really cool movie that i watched this year called the kid detective uh just a just a pretty slick murder mystery story that i think a lot of people can enjoy but hey i'm gonna guess that more people watching this video have seen the baby boss movie how do i know that because that one made half a billion dollars in the box office whereas the kid detective made less than half a million does that mean that baby boss is better i'm guessing that more money was spent on it as well um no jesus christ no it just means that it's more palatable to a wider audience if anything that probably makes it more boring having more money can make it so you have a team of researchers helping you scour the market for better ideas that are more algorithmically compatible but does that make the content better or does it just mean that it's taking less risks the other day i was sat around with my friends and one of them decided to put on the brand new sidemen video now the simon are a big group they've been going on for a really long time and they have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money i cannot even describe the amount of money that these guys have the video that was played was them playing a game of hole in the wall you know like the tv show they had a massive production a bunch of cameras as well um you know like a tv show and at that point i can't help but wonder why are we just not watching tv i mean what what's the difference i can't fully explain what it is and i don't know if people watching this will fully relate but the more i see these bigger sets and these bigger budgets the less i care i think that what makes youtube special is the fact that it's not tv that it's more personal feeling it feels more earnest and i really really don't get the appeal or the want or need to try and chase that as like the ultimate goal for us another problem with new and up-and-coming creators obsessing over this idea that more money means better video is that mr b said himself that he often operates at a loss the video we talked about yesterday where you lost half a million dollars on that though when when you look at that number does that worry you well no i mean at the end of the day i could spend less per video a lot of times spend more money on a video than he will ever make off of it he has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of expenses i mean besides the money that he gives out to people he'll have to pay for like a crew a set all that stuff it's a lot of money going out of the mr beast pocket but here's the thing if you're already like a big established youtuber spending that kind of money is not that bad because a lot of these people are like millionaires so who cares mr beast has so many different revenue streams he sells burger he sells uh chocolate he has funds coming from so many different directions that if he loses money on a video i i i think it's safe to assume that he's gonna probably be able to feed himself the next day the problem starts when up and coming youtubers see this sort of thing and they think to themselves [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i guess that if i wanna make it in the youtube game i gotta i gotta take a loan out i gotta build a shrine for mr beast there's so many of these videos by smaller youtubers where they're like building massive thing for mr beast you think that doesn't cost money like whenever i see a guy spending even like a thousand dollars on a video that gets i don't know 70 000 views at the end why it's it's not financially viable in any sort of way it feels like that by youtubers seeing that mr beast has raised his own production levels everyone else thinks that they need to do the exact same thing but that's so dumb because look at jimmy himself he didn't start with like a massive budget the dude kicked everything off in his own room filming himself on his iphone it's unrealistic unproductive and also kind of self-destructive to want to kick off what you're doing on his level the only way that you could do that is by like taking out loans or if you're already rich in this briefcase i have 25 000 dollars i recently found this channel called dylan just just dillon kind of like beyonce i guess he promoted himself on the new ryan trayanne series by donating 50 000 which is a lot of money props to him but then i watched him i watched him donate all that money to all those people and i couldn't help but wonder who the hell is this guy i click on his channel i see that he has over 300 000 subscribers and he has only made five videos so where do you get fifty thousand dollars from three out of those five videos already have over one million views why what's his trick what's his little secret he just spent a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money on stuff mr beast has become the real life willy wonka and he's hiding 10 golden tickets in 10 random chocolate bars and for a chance to be in one of his videos i'm gonna buy 10 000 mr beast chocolate bars dylan mr beast doesn't need all this money it's it's okay man he's he's already like pretty well off i don't think you need to buy 10 000 of his chocolate i think he's going to be okay i feel like i'm watching the same video over and over and over again but how can he afford any of this though then i got an idea this is jim he's our money guy jim i need you to find me 26 people on craigslist so they can buy me mr beast chocolate on it your money guy i'm so confused where'd it it's his first video how'd you get a money guy already what's going on here why are there mr beast like logos everywhere does he work for mr beast am i am i watching an ad right now we got mr b [Applause] let's go well after looking into it for a while it seems like dylan is already an established youtuber he already had money from other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he did so i guess that just goes to prove the point that the only way that you can do that well on youtube when you're starting off is when you already have a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of money it seems like that's the main thing that people are interested in seeing nowadays a dude wasting a bunch of money to give another guy who's already rich a lot of money how cool now if you watch uh dylan's mr beast or any of these people's videos you'd notice that they're all edited in a very specific way that way being that it's it's annoying and way too fast i have ten hours to spend ten thousand dollars in the world cheapest country everyone that is my son because of a little thing that i like to call retention it's it's not me that it's it's the youtube algorithm the the youtube analytics that's they call it retention it's one of the most important things when it comes to the youtube algorithm it's essentially the metric that states how long people have seen your videos whether it's average amount of minutes watched or average average percentage the reason as to why it's such an integral part to why your video would get recommended or not makes sense sort of i guess i mean that should in theory give some sort of an idea to how much people enjoyed your video i'm sure they shoot for retention as well we're just we're very very serious about it though i don't like using cinematic shots or you know unless like you have multiple cam setups here like if i'm talking to this camera and you're not cutting it for too long that's boring you'll lose retention it's not bad to be obsessed like if people aren't cleaning up that means they're entertained i'm hyper obsessed with just making sure people actually like what they're watching yeah yeah but in a more real sense of things um this has just led to the most annoying uh style of editing in youtube history i think higher retention can indicate if people are more engaged with the video yes absolutely you want to make people engage with what you watch and mr beast's videos are admittedly very very engaging there's a cut sometimes every like less than a second i tied up an fbi agent he steals this hundred thousand dollars from me before midnight he keeps it this but saying that a video is better just because of how engaging it is is kind of dumb and i'll explain exactly why if i for some for some for some silly god-forsaken reason decided to put myself through a brent rivera video i will probably be engaged but at what cost why will i be engaged because his editor puts a sound effect or a cut or a flashing text on the screen every single goddamn millisecond giving me no chance or opportunity to even look away so it seems like they like each other let's do it all right let's go all right so we're here with lexi and andrew so this is john he's a professional lie detector guy we're gonna get the truth today yes there's like nothing to worry about yeah exactly right i [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate this i don't oppose using sound effects and stuff like that for comedic effect in your videos but this is just so forced it's like when they use like a a laugh track and a big bang theory to tell you where to laugh they're just doing this to tell you when to be engaged which is every like all the time does this style of editing mean that the video is better in any way just because like it keeps my eyes glued on the screen no it's just the equivalent of a guy like getting right up onto my face and being like hey hey i hope i'm not ruining my mic hey hey wait hey listen to me hey hey hey am i are you engaged yet hey hey hey hey keep your attention on me hey hey hey hey hey we're going to be doing this in 30 seconds hey look at me hey i'm doing this hey hey hey hey hey hey hey i mean you know fair enough to jimmy i guess he figured out something that works for him and decided to do that do i wish that the squid game video would have been edited like in a slightly slower pace had maybe interviews of the contestants in the game to make me more emotionally invested in what's happening um yes it would have been a lot more satisfying if we were allowed to have this actual emotional impact instead of getting a cut every time things started to be a bit interesting another video that faced a similar problem but in a different way is uh mr beast's i didn't eat food for 30 days video i am not eating any food for the next 30 days whereas with other mr beast videos i feel very indifferent about them this one i i actively dislike here's why i think that retention farming led to a lot of problems with that video one despite what the title says this video depicts two weeks out of jimmy's life when he decides not to eat but because of the way that this whole thing is edited it feels more like i'm watching like i don't know an hour of him not eating like between meals two and this is where we're entering a bit of an ah territory a bit of a uh i don't i don't think he should have done this territory a bit of a ah mr beast mr beast what are you doing territory he decided to gamify this whole thing again to keep retention high what does that mean it means that every once in a while during this video mr beast would go and step on some weights in a fancy game show looking like room and because not eating could make you lose weight that's that's a thing that not eating may lead to every time you stepped on those weights the number went down and he would celebrate he would cheer and celebrate and have such a good time this is what i currently look like and i weigh 220 pounds i'm down two and a half pounds in the last day that's actually pretty crazy now i'm no scientist or an expert on anything really i'm i'm just an idiot but i think that not eating for 30 days or 14 days which is what he ended up doing um can be a bit dangerous body needs food to live and survive you shouldn't make doing what you just did seem like an easy and like fun little task that anyone could do at home you shouldn't turn it into a game today is day number six and for whatever reason i'm feeling really good i don't want to get cocky because i still have 24 days left but i'm starting to think this is actually possible now i do want to state jimmy does mention at a point or two during this video that he is doing this thing with the help of a doctor and that this shouldn't be attempted in any other way but because of this need to keep retention going these mentions are very very fleeting they feel like a very small part of the video and get swallowed up in the whole context of this game that he's doing while losing weight i wouldn't be surprised if in an original edit of this video he may have mentioned that this is a pretty dangerous thing more times he may have given it a bit more weight but because it doesn't actually make the story of the video move forward he may have decided to get someone to edit it out i don't think that jimmy is like satan for making this video i don't think that the idea in itself is bad from the get-go i think this exact same idea could have been done in a way more interesting way maybe edited a bit more slowly actually hear what the doctors have to say a bit longer in the video but instead we got this thing a mr beastified version of a of a documentary a game show about a guy losing weight by not eating for 14 days you guys know the deal 210.1 pounds this is bitcoin this year the impact that this retention first mindset has had on youtube is very very noticeable because like anything the second that mr b says it everyone just does it because because he's jesus christ he's the jesus christ of youtube and now there are youtubers that have taken this advice to such an extreme extent that it feels like retention farming has replaced any sort of form of meaningful content whatsoever i'm obviously talking about matthew beam there it is that's mr b silence i am certain that matthew beam is an algorithm-made human being mr beast shouts mr beam shouts more i gathered some of my friends and whichever one of us builds the craziest minecraft item mr beast doesn't show a lot of personality in his videos mr b moore the main thing that i hate isn't even this guy it's his editing i think it's i think it's so obnoxious mr beast already has a lot of fast cuts in his videos so much that like i said i feel like it removes a lot of the emotional impact that you get from his content but with matthew beast it's it's just on another it's just on a completely other level it's insane it's to the extent that i feel like if i watch his video and i look away for like three seconds i will completely not understand what's happening because he's already moved like five different locations i searched mr beast's island and found this there it is that's mr beast island wow this is going to be insane we're going to be spending the next few days deserted on this island with six seconds have passed wha how many freight how many shots did he have so far help us our boat driver is literally leaving but the only reason i'm here is because of what mr b said yesterday what's up jimmy on my island is buried a treasure chest on my island is buried a treasure chest mr beast is literally talking like a robot in this i i kind of love it on my island is buried a treasure chest on my editor-piney note here this joke has really gone out of hand for some context while making this video i started really really obsessing over this line i just i found it so funny his delivery of it the fact that he sounds like a robot on my island is buried a treasure chest so i rewatched the video with my friends and i was like look guys look at look on my island is buried a treasure chest they found it funny as well and that led to a situation where every time people would meet up in brighton we would say on my island is bare the treasure chest ash at some point even got a tattoo that said anma as in on my island is buried a treasure chest it got really really big on twitter lots of people were tweeting about it the whole thing snowballed so fast and so much that it eventually resulted in mr beast himself tweeting out i may or may not have buried it but there's a treasure chest there what buried treasure on mr beast island i am going to find that he's talking like a robot as well what very treasure chest on mr beast island i am going to find that people don't speak like that i think i don't know it's not my language i guess maybe i'm jumping the gun a bit because this is mr beast island that it has so many amazing things to explore like the beaches that has pigs two different caves and apparently a buried treasure this is actually crazy there's seashells and crabs everywhere well because it's an island what do you mean that's it's not that crazy guys this is crazy i'm on this island there's sand everywhere oh my oh my gosh look at all this sand ah guys this is crazy on my island is buried a treasure chest look at all this sand look at all this sand oh my god real pinely fans know that i love my sand something massive over those wishes this is like a legit jungle this is a this is a legit jungle yeah guys this is a legit room mr beast your island is amazing whoa cheers tastes like dirt i actually like it all right now that we've gotten a quick snack i've this like fast editing is is supposed to make the video like keep me going but i i just i i have like the constant urge to stop watching this i feel like it's burning my brain i feel like it's ruining my attention span by the second it's gonna be so hard to find a treasure chest this island is massive but before we search for the treasure we still have so many other things to find like mysteries wild pigs and the secret cave it feels like the whole video is an intro like every minute he stops to say what they're about to do like they mentioned the pigs a minute ago and now they're doing it again like at a minute and 48 just like keep things going man i don't have dementia i think maybe if i haven't told you already i'm giving one person who subscribes right now whatever is in mr b's treasure chest and a thousand dollars now we're at two minutes 40 and he's bribing his fans to subscribe to him that's pretty cool hey hi since you're subscribed you just want a thousand dollars guys subscribe right now and maybe i'll give you money maybe maybe guys if you subscribe right now if you subscribe this instant if you follow me on instagram i will give one of you a dollar i'm this is i'm not even kidding anyways this sucks ass about two minutes 40 seconds i've given up all the cha-ching sound effects all the little little sound effects that he's putting on every time you just pick something up right here is a giant piece of coin it's so exhausting does he even find the buried treasure chest at the end since we have successfully found the wild pigs i think now it's finally time to find mr beast's berry treasure why does he never use the the little s that shows that something belongs to something like he says mr beast island he says mr beast buried treasure mysteries wild pig brian is inside of on mr beast cave it's mr b silent buried treasure on mr beast island mr beast jungle i left mr b's path did he cut out the s to keep retention going what is that is this it oh it's a traffic chest i found it let's see what's inside there's a bunch of sand and a piece of paper what does it say congratulations now subscribe to mr b what he said on my island is buried the it's not even buried there's a fairly unintentionally funny interview that i've seen where uh matthew beast i mean mr beam i mean uh i mean uh being a mr beast manager that's right i'm not gonna say the s from here on out interviews logan paul uh long time video editor the reason i found it funny is because at one point jamie's manager asks him about his editing process and i think that what he expects him to talk about is like how he decided to also um i don't know sacrifice a few goats to the retention gods but instead everything that he said actually resonated with me really really well every five seconds i would say you have to have a reason to say to your audience hey i would like if you keep on watching my video please don't look anywhere else keep watching me i think that's the biggest sacrifice i am witnessing with uh attention aggressive attention begging content where it's we are losing a huge human element were it to a degree for me and i i'm welcome people disagree it feels like a computer made them this retention obsession makes videos feel a lot more cold more robotic less human with editing it's okay to just let a moment breathe for a little bit have an emotional beat actually be felt a lot of these mr beastified videos especially this one that we've just seen by matthew beam focus a lot more on the clapping in my face consistently thing than actually making anything interesting the way i see this phenomenon reminds me a lot of when i watch videos of people training ais to do certain things but we are the ai youtube showed us what they like and what they don't like and whenever someone crosses that line youtube punishes them until eventually youtube managed to get everyone to act like companies to act like the corporations that they want to promote and then show to advertisers outside by trial and error by punishing youtubers who do what they don't want them to do and rewarding ones that use big sets and like big productions and use this fast cut editing they managed to put everyone in a certain box with enough time they've managed to turn so many people into this ultimate product this advertisable boring thing the mr beastification of youtube has also led people to do some some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] people are so obsessed when it comes to this search of like an insanely clickable product that they sometimes lose sight of where the line should be when it comes to just acting like a real and normal human being i present to you this video i spent 100 hours in the world's poorest country what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this is the worst poorest country and there is a lot of bad things said about it that's why i'm going to spend the next 100 hours here to see with my own eyes if it's true or not this dude uh mr beastified poverty there are a lot of bad things said about this country what what does that mean what does that even mean what when we arrived in the airport we saw something that we didn't expect the policeman was asking us to give him money for no reason we've reached this insane point of being so desensitized that showing a bit of you talking about i don't know the the corrupt law enforcement in an impoverished country while using uh using a a funny cha-ching effect policeman was asking us to give him money is somehow like normal and acceptable but let me reassure you this video gets a whole lot worse as you go along to be clear though at the end of this video phidias does do a nice thing he goes to like a group of people and he tells them how he's gonna give them money at some point he's gonna be donating like 20 000 of his own money while fundraising another 20k to give them as well and he gives some disabled guy a wheelchair as well so that's obviously a very nice and commendable thing that a man can do i can't take that away from him but that also doesn't take away from the fact that what he's doing throughout this video is just weird he's using these people and their economical state as like props for his video i was wondering if the rumors are true first of all let's talk about the title i spent 100 hours in the world's poorest country bro that's just four days like who who cares this is these people's lives and you think that the four days that you're spending over there do you think that you're like mimicking their state of living you're getting the tiniest of tiniest of tiniest of tiniest of glimpses into what life is like over there in burundi you can't even claim that this is like that you're doing like anything that's actually challenging the dude was clearly staying like in a pretty nice hotel throughout this entire thing 100 hours who cares and throughout this entire video phidias is just so detached from reality it's kind of insane i saw something that i wasn't expecting this is a house of a person people actually live here oh my gosh this is an actual house yeah they live like that because they're poor what is this reaction that you're given what is this music this is a house of a person people actually live here on my way wow guys i can't believe that you're actually living like this what is this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wow wow guys i guess we learned today that people with less money live in worse conditions that i do this is crazy what's this house you actually live in the skit hole [Laughter] jesus christ this is the toilet here nasim camp they do this and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this probably i'm learning so much it's like the best day of my life this is like a movie to me it's so interesting thank you this is like a movie to him this is this is like a movie to him yeah i like that he's putting this uh fun adventurous music in the background while literally showcasing the poor living conditions that these people need to deal with yeah that's that's a good idea i'm learning so much this is like the best day of my life this is like a movie to me i mean as a statement i think this encapsulates fully what's going on in this dude's head while he's filming this video he's just looking at these people as content as like a movie to him something that you'd watch on screen when he's going around filming how these people literally need to take a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in a hole what's going on in the back of his head is probably something along the lines of oh hell yeah this is cool i can i can use this in my youtube video now it's like a movie to me this is like a movie to me yeah don't worry guys because it seems like i may have been giving fideos a bit too much slack um because a second afterwards he gives me one of the most one of the most important life lessons that i could have ever heard in my entire life i want to say guys that poor doesn't mean bad who is like being tall or sure it's just a fact and doesn't define guys it's me phineas gandhi being poor doesn't necessarily mean being bad it's just a neat little quality that you're born with like being tall or being cool or being sexy like me it's just another thing that everyone has and we should just accept people for who they are whether they're poor or cool rich and sexy like i am the fact it doesn't define you i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country so we went to the orphanage what i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country so we went to the orphanage i wanted to see the poorest people in the poorest country so i went to the orphanage he's literally like treating them as if they're animals in a zoo buddhist really wants to go to the orphanage but they're not letting him i know he really wants to see how things are here he's he's attempting to break into an orphanage is this guy this is this guy like from this planet we went to the orphanage fides really to see how things are here yeah man we should go to the orphanage that's that's where we're gonna get the best kind of content these people these kids are gonna look so poor oh my can you imagine if i'll be able to use the poor orphan children in my thumbnail ah later on he actually managed to go in after like talking the the people in charge of the orphanage into it and he seems to be actually upset with the fact that they didn't allow him to film the kids inside after a lot of time our guide convinced them to let us in but they didn't allow us to feel except this little kid that has malaria i don't know in what kind of like view seeking um trance are you in right now but you need to wake the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up these kids these orphaned children shouldn't be the prop for your video you absolute maniac this is genuinely genuinely disgusting this is like the level of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when people talk about how like detached influences are this is that this is the most extreme case of that i've ever seen in my whole life it's crazy that these people are just like programmed to act in the exact same way no matter what scenario that they're in that it felt normal for him to go into that sort of situation and again act like he's mr beast even had the audacity to try and like squeeze a life lesson out of it that poor people aren't bad just because they're poor yeah man no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wait like wha what are you three there are some times where this maddening search for clout and content needs to stop videos really wants to go to the orphanage but they're not letting him i think people tend to forget that part of the reason as to why jimmy became as big as he did was because he was doing his own thing sure he may have seen other people and like taken inspiration for them and that's absolutely fine but the problem starts when people see his level of success and try to imitate it by copying everything that he does including his editing his ideas his literal speech pattern at the end of the day i think that the answer to all this is probably somewhere in the middle it doesn't make sense to just ignore everything that mr beast says just because he's the one saying it he gives a lot of very good like genuine advice to people starting off but i just want to see people trying things that are not just being him i want to see [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that doesn't feel soulless i want to see stuff that isn't just like oh look how much money we're spending this day because i don't think that's interesting at all that's why i really love that ryan trahan series where he traveled america using one penny i thought that was pretty damn cool it was the opposite of spending too much money on crap that nobody needs and throughout the entire series it was edited in like a really nice way if you watch a new series you'd see that ryan intentionally leaves in moments where he's being a bit awkward maybe or like being a bit shy leaving in bits that might be boring to your average uh matthew beam editor but guess what he managed to create something that's really interesting and genuine and managed to help people as well without the budget of like a a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] supercar the story in these videos revolves about ryan as a person the people he meets the emotional beats in these videos actually feel real since ryan's series did really really well and gained him like millions of subscribers i can only hope that this will set some sort of example to other people who knows i can only i can only hope what i do know is that you should subscribe if you want to uh live forever check out my last video about the cult of andrew tate and that's it from me whoops i forgot to say uh follow me on twitch i'm gonna start doing streams very very soon i'm gonna be traveling in india and thailand in the next week or so so i'm gonna be doing irl streams over there but before that i want to turn your confessions into t-shirts yeah just click on the link in the description to my instagram and just and just fill in the thing that i put on my story give me your craziest confessions i'm gonna turn it into a t-shirt on pinelli on twitch that's it goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Pinely [7500 likes]: like and subscribe if onma island is buried a treasure chest
  2. @TheChaosDragoness [4 likes]: I'll forever agree with Jacksepticeye. MrBeast ruined YouTube.
  3. @cockyroaches [1 likes]: "if you want to succeed in this field, you need to let go of every aspect of your personality" congrats man you just reinvented Jobs
  4. @Office_chair [1 likes]: 25:01 EXACTLY he's making it look fun and good and trendy to which if your audience is impressionable kids.... See the problem ?

Since even if you put disclosures there's still plenty of kids that are going to try it out because they look up to you.
  5. @TaylorToman [1 likes]: You're a great guy and this video is fantastic but the "on my island" bit went on WAY too long 😭
  6. @thearizanitesstation [1 likes]: You can document places. That said, viewer perception also depends on tone, language, and framing. The same place can be shown in a respectful, educational way or in a sensationalized way.
  7. @NeoDJDAN [1 likes]: Pinely saying "Hey" is more engaging than Jimmy Chrons.
  8. @shinrasenpai33 [1 likes]: No matter what people release, Mr Beast is TOO big to fail.
  9. @ErebusTheDragonn [1 likes]: You can go quite a while without food. Fasting is actually a rather common thing many people do for health reasons, such as to lower inflammation, loose weight, or to “flush out” the body.
  10. @Londoño_90: 40:58 They should call the police cause this is a creep action, for real send him to jail
  11. @Gerargeplublicalember: 1:11 the poorest what?
  12. @Nturner822: I’d rather almost anything else on yt…he could’ve done so much good but is just a manipulative narcissistic control freak who doesn’t care about anything or anyone. Covering all costs while increasing subs is not remotely generosity or philanthropy
  13. @punkrockNoir: Thumbs down for the annoying tone at the beginning
  14. @rockyf4981: then you are watching the wrong videos, the algorithm is based on what you watch and your interests. Literally NONE of these creators come up on my feed because i don't watch them.....
  15. @n1h1L1sticc: lol the part where u said youtube being like cable tv now is exactly what i thought. on my second thought cable tv was actually making sick content back in the day, and not the kind of slop u see on youtube.
  16. @Marco-qr8jb: Google's gemini recommended me your video after I asked if there was a term for videos that have a ton of sfx and vfx
  17. @parfa1ts: Inma phone is buried Pinely
  18. @slyceth: 6:50 no he just means that you need to attract people with good content and cant rely on existing fame
  19. @phantommide9985: Glitter: pretty, shiny, eye catching
Glitter store: options, overwhelming, still shiny.
Glitter factory: that's a lot of MATERIAL. 

The concentration of something doesn't mean better. Things blend and become just...material. Somehow, these guys tried so hard to make something exciting, they just...made <video>.
  20. @the_pearl_guy: damn I dint know pinley was an LA carnival fan

- I Created An App That Adds MrBeast to EVERY Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en so I think today in the year 2023 we've basically gotten to a point that if you go to youtube.com you are guaranteed to see a picture of Mr B's face somewhere on the home page and it doesn't even matter if it's from a video from Mr Beast himself there is an entire catalog of content using Mr BEAST's in the thumbnail to hope some of these people might actually know Mr Beast and filming content alongside doing something in one of his videos or they might be randomly traveling to North Carolina to trying to go meet him or there's just instances like me like I'm sitting here by myself in my studio using Mr Beast to get you to click on my video and I did do this a couple months ago I made a Mr Beast Burger Happy Meal game and the video did actually perform I think better because Mr Beast happened to be in the title so that got me thinking on a brand new idea for a very unnecessary invention let me explain [Music] okay we've got two parts here we've got the first one is Mr B's face from his different thumbnails cut out as individual things away from their original thumbnail and then we have thumbnails that have absolutely nothing to do with Mr Beast but they're from other YouTubers so here's where my idea comes into play I want to create a web app that would allow you to take your thumbnail no matter what the topic is and then at the push of a button you would be given a thumbnail of Mr Beast and it would be pasted on top of yours no matter what it might be so each and every single time you press it you get Mr Beast added to your thumbnail so then you can go ahead and Mr beastify your video for absolutely no reason but one thing I'm kind of good at is knowing when I'm not quite fit for the job and coding is definitely a skill that I'm not exactly too proficient at so I decided I was going to use upwork.com and hire myself a real web designer and my thought is that the best way to describe this project would be a YouTube thumbnail Watermark randomizer app and from here I'm able to go ahead and select the different skills that I want the person to have like be a web designer be good at JavaScript they should probably know how to do some graphic design and Photoshop I'm hoping this job isn't too complicated because I want the website to be absolutely Bare Bones and super minimal so I'm going to look for someone all over the world post this job and hopefully find someone that will fit the bill because even though I'm hiring someone to do the back end coding for this idea that I want to bring to life I have to do all the front end work of editing all the thumbnails and figuring out how I want the website to actually look and like I mentioned I want this website to be dead simple I'm going to take inspiration from a website I use every single time before I upload upload a YouTube video it's like the creme de La Creme of YouTube thumbnail testing so the site is called thumbs up.tv and just like I mentioned for the inspiration this website is dead simple all you have to do is upload a thumbnail of yours and you're able to test it out on YouTube to see what it would look like on your web browser on the side page on the channel home the history what it would look like on mobile and then you can also test out different thumbnail titles as well and that will pop up there for each one of your thumbnails you can also toggle over to dark mode and see how it would look there but it's mainly this home screen right here that I want to emulate so it was time to get nice and cozy on the couch so I can start designing the front end of this website I wanted to take some inspiration from Mr B specifically the colors that he uses in his logo as well as the font that he uses so that it all kind of cohesively looks all within that same exact universe so that we have that very simple design that we were going for all you're gonna have to do is click here to upload your boring thumbnail mail and then you'll be able to click this button to Mr beastify it and turn it into the most click bait worthy thumbnail that YouTube has ever seen and the way that I'm bringing this idea to life I think it could help some of you guys out that are working on a project because I had this unique idea in my head but now I'm grabbing inspiration from all different things that I interact with to melt them all together you know I'm not completely Reinventing the wheel to help bring this idea to the real world and if you want a way to creatively jump start yourself we've got the unnecessary inventions board game it sort of gives you some first world problems and you have to invent solutions for those problems it's available on Amazon and there's like a hundred first world problems in here for you to solve and you can pitch all of your invention ideas to your friends Shark Tank style so go check out the link down in my description if you want to get a copy of this game for yourself but now it's time for me to stare at Mr B's face way longer than I would like to and uh and Mr Beast if you're watching this I I don't think you're ugly I just don't want to have to look at your face Faith as much as I'm about to foreign so we have 40 different thumbnail images from Mr Beast I completely got rid of the background just like I did in these images so basically it's just Mr B's Standalone that's going to get slapped onto your thumbnail randomly and I did images from both his thumbnails and I searched his name on the Internet and just found some random photos so that there'd be kind of a nice different mix and now I just need to sit back and relax all the files are with the designer we have all the scope of what I want this thing to do and hopefully we'll have it in like five four three two one and no time at all has passed for you guys but we have the official Mr beastify app ready to go so let's test it out so I did actually purchase the domain name mrbeastify.com so when you go to it here's what you're looking at so we've got the Mr beastafi logo up here and it says click here to upload your boring thumbnail so one thing I did do is add some parameters so that my thumbnail images would perfectly line up with whoever uploaded their photo and nothing would be misaligned or anything like that so if we go ahead and click here to upload the thumbnail let's go ahead and do this Mark Rober one that I have here so then it shows you your thumbnail here that you have and here's the big old button Mr beastify your thumbnail ready and it's loading loading loading I love how it just perfectly covered up Mark's face so from here you can go ahead and click download your thumbnail and it will download the file for you and so now you can go ahead and upload that photo to YouTube and have a click date worthy thumbnail if you aren't satisfied with it you can go ahead and Mr beastify your thumbnail one more time so let's go ahead and do that it's a brand new photo Mr Beast right over your image let's go ahead and hit another one let's see what other options we have here oh it's sort of it does cover up the Drone and gets rid of all the context but now it just looks like he's pointing off to Mr Beast and being like hey look at this let's go ahead and upload another thumbnail from maybe myself we'll go ahead and Mr Beast to pie this thumbnail thinking let's be real I don't need to be in this thumbnail let's just put Mr Beast up there all by himself cover my face entirely let's try another one again who needs me I don't I don't need to be in there Mr Beast is like yo check out this product right here oh he's disappointed he's so disappointed in me we'll try this MKBHD one I had from earlier as well loading oh he's excited Mr Beast is so excited that Marquez is wearing the Apple Vision Pro Mr Beast spy one more time it's kind of funny how their two jackets actually kind of line up let's go ahead and get super meta with it put a Mr Beast thumbnail and then Mr beastify the Mr Beast thumbnail so we have this one from his most recent video will Mr Beast defy the thumbnail and I like how it basically you can see a little bit right here of it overlapping but I mean it's still basically a perfect Mr Beast thumbnail well Mr Beast to fight one more time I think it'd be great there we go that's what I wanted two Mr beasts in one video that's just two times The Click bait and Ryan Trahan why not we'll go ahead and Mr Beast defy him instant regret maybe Mr Beast can use this for his reacts channel so like he can just upload whatever thumbnail and hit this and he's got like 20 different things and just cycle through them and he has to do absolutely no work but if you would like to Mr beastify your thumbnails it's mrbeastified.com of course I'll put a link down in the description so you can go try this out for yourself and upload your click bait worthy thumbnails with zero context with zero Mr Beast actually in the video and maybe some people can just leave him alone I think I'm sure he's probably tired of people actually going to his studio and showing up trying to just make content so just put them in the thumbnail don't even go bother him and if there's anything you want me to build just comment or whatever but with that I'll see you at the next unnecessary invention see ya foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @johncrackhead [7 likes]: This aged well
  2. @aaravaarul [2 likes]: BRO I CAN BEARLY UPLOAD IT KEEPS ON SAYING THE PICTURE SHOULD BE ?x? PIXELS FIX UR APP!!!!!!¡
  3. @lmprimitevo [2 likes]: WHY IS THIS ON MY RECOMMENDATIONS DURING THE "controversy"???
  4. @mr.kiwiii4421 [1 likes]: Jambofy
  5. @prodgysaad3565 [1 likes]: September 2024 anyone?
  6. @Kagerivals [1 likes]: Can I go check it out?
  7. @100t_hanni: idk how people do graphics work without a mouse
  8. @urologyclinic8352: Wow
  9. @EricMartin-q7n: Imagine if mrbeastify had ai to identify the picture and to firgure out what mrbeast to put in
  10. @simont3042: somebody used royalpear as a mod to your browser extension
  11. @daveyhighflier: I love this. Wondered why i havent seen you since
  12. @roaling: can you please make this a browser extension that adds him to every thumbnail
  13. @SpaceTorb: Can’t use it!
  14. @Mayathegreatest2: My guy friend actually WORSHIPS mr. Beast
  15. @leodonlon8648: hi
  16. @fatearther123: Awesome watch 😊
  17. @amadeo5813: También les puede servir a los que hacen predicciones de que va hacer Mr.Beast en el futura para crear los thumbails de sus predicciones.
  18. @ulkuul: @misterbeast
  19. @captainsus-y7n: whatever you do dont get him mad
  20. @minecraftinthehouse3060: I am leap year

- MrBeast : Emperor Of Emptiness: Kind: captions Language: en I have trapped this unsuspecting victim in a life or death scenario. And unless he likes and subscribes, the Mr. Beast bomb connected to his Mr. Beasticles will detonate, turning him into Mrs. Beast. I'm going to say something controversial. I don't hate Mr. Beast. I don't love Mr. Beast. To me, Mr. Beast simply exists, which is strange because I usually have strong opinions. Now, don't get me wrong, I do have strong opinions about Mr. Beast. It's just that when I sit and think about them, I just don't care. And that vexes me and I don't like being vexed. If you have access to the internet, you have at the barest minimum heard the name Mr. Beast. If you use YouTube, you have seen his content. If you have Amazon Prime, you have been against your will advertised his show. If you have Instagram, you have seen a Sigma Funk W Mr. Beast edit. I have unconsensually seen Mr. Beast's face more often than my own children's. That's because my wife took them. The point is, Mr. Beast is everywhere. Mr. Beast, Mr. Beast 2, Mr. Beast Gaming, Beast Reacts, Beast Philanthropy. a combined total of 600 million subscribers on YouTube, 77 million followers on Instagram, and 33 million followers on X the Everything app. With all of these followers, you would assume that Jimmy Beast is the most beloved person online. And you would be wrong. From the outside, it would seem like Mr. Beast is getting into controversy every 10 seconds. Some of it deservedly so, and some of it from people who huff paint recreationally. So, why is Mr. Beast so controversial? Why does his content leave no impact? Does he deserve the criticism? And why does it seem that no matter how much he gains, it is never enough? Oh, my belly, it's so small and deflated. But thanks to today's sponsor, Factor, yours doesn't need to be. Oh, that was so yummy. You want to know a secret? Follow me. There is no chef. The delicious, healthy meal that I just consumed was prepared in under 2 minutes in the microwave. >> Yeah, that's right. And no one is going to believe you. You just had the chicken catch and ficile. No refined seed oils, no refined sugars, just real food from factor. And you want to know something else? I'm not even in control of my actions. They need to know. They need to know to >> head to factor75.com or click the link down below and use code flazefire FB50 to save 50% on your first box and also get a free year of breakfast. That's factor75.com. Or click the link down below and use breakfast. If you find this tape, tell the world my name is Jeff. >> A Mr. Beast video is the definition of consumable content. Fast cuts, loud screaming, unironic vine boos. >> Can a robot write a symphony? Can a robot turn a canvas into a beautiful masterpiece? >> And AI slop thumbnails that change every 5 milliseconds in order to maximize engagement. It's labgrown and genetically modified to cast the largest possible net in order to indoctrinate as many children as possible into the beast army. But it wasn't always this way. A long, long time ago in ye old 2016, there was a much edgier era. >> So guys, we did it. >> We get to bully Leafy >> Vape Nation. >> Hey, what's up guys? It's >> And Mr. Beast went by a name we no longer speak. Mr. Beast 6000. He was edgy. He was cringe. But he had a personality. Now, don't get me wrong, it wasn't good content, but it was charming. He then abandoned the commentary scene and moved on to what I would classify as doing random shit. He would throw random ideas at the wall to see what stuck. Counting to 100,000. Giving a random homeless man $10,000. Bleach bottle flips. cops call. >> There's a cop. I think he's watching me. >> The Mr. Beast. >> All very different videos, but with the same focal point, Jimmy himself. But over time, one particular style of content began to overtake Jimmy and his personality. Money, giving people money, challenges for money, Mr. Beast having lots of money. Now, I am not a bread tuber, although I am a cuckold. But having and spending money in and of itself does not make engaging content. Private island, Lamborghinis, Teslas, yachts, Gordon Ramsay, it's all spectacle. And the problem is that when your content is only spectacle, after a while it is no longer spectacular. So yes, it is impressive that Jimmy Beast, a random guy from Kansas, was able to accomplish all of these feats by simply posting videos on the internet. But now that you have normalized this type of content and fundamentally change the way YouTube videos are created and consumed, it is no longer impressive. Yes, I get it. You have money. Very fancy. Now do something captivating with it. Oh, wait. He does storybased content. What? So, according to Jimmy, his video's main focus is on the story. >> Storytelling. Storytelling. Storytelling. Focusing on the story. >> I just noticed we're investing over $30 million into YouTube videos this month. Plus, the storytelling in them is on a whole new level. Team is crushing. Can't wait for you guys to see how crazy these videos are. >> We have the best storytellers. Storytelling. >> Storytelling. >> When people are like, "Oh, Jimmy's not a good storyteller. He just knows how to manipulate the YouTube algorithm." It's like, come on. You got to spend a couple years, some of us, it takes a decade, like me, to refine your skills and get it where you're actually a good storyteller. I feel like I'm a pretty good storyteller. So, I want to do a lot of that and actually show that I I know how to do storytelling. But, you will notice on the Mr. Beast channel that Jimmy is not really part of that story. He's just the host and not a very good one, might I add. So, if we're not learning the lore from the Beast Bible or anything from the Beast Lings, other than that, they're unfunny, then whose tale are we chasing? Well, there are generally four types of videos on the Mr. Beast channel. Beast and the Beastlings going to a place and hanging out, poor people money challenges, Beast and the Beasty Boys doing shenanigans, and expensive showand tell. We can just throw out Beast Abroad and the Beast Buddies doing shenanigans because there is no story there. It's just people without charisma doing nonsense. They'll go to a place and spend time at the place for an arbitrary amount of time and there will be lots of screaming. WE JUST GOT DROPPED OFF IN THE MIDDLE OF AN ABANDONED CITY. WE ARE NOW STRANDED ON THIS DESERTED ISLAND. WE JUST GOT DROPPED OFF ON THIS 2,000-YEAR-OLD ANCIENT TEMPLE. >> MR. B. >> And for the shenanigans, it's more of a mythbusters for zoomers. Except the myths are things that nobody was asking to be busted. What happens if you put a Lamborghini in a shredder? It's probably going to get shredded. I crashed a train into a pit. What's going to happen? probably going to crash. My doctor tells me that I shouldn't be pooping blood. What does that mean? Pure spectacle for the sake of content. Now, the other two content types we could consider story driven if we stretch the definition of story about as far as KSI's hairline. The expensive showand tell can be considered a story in the sense that there is a linear progression going from a $1 thing to an expensive thing. Otherwise, it's just Jimmy and co doing shenanigans again. So, the only content that I in good faith can consider storydriven is the poor people money challenges where Jimmy will take a person and psychologically torture them for our entertainment. Now, I will see people online attempt to say that Mr. beast is evil and is exploiting the less fortunate for profit and content. And yeah, who cares? It's entertaining. I can excuse using someone's death in a video for a dramatic moment where you play sad music and have long shots of the contestant crying >> in time-lapse footage of a stormy sky. A little bit on the nose with that one, Gyster. But I draw the line at claiming that just because you're doing these things that you're telling an interesting story that is worth watching for the story itself. It is a cheap manipulation of the viewer's emotions and appeals to the lowest common denominator of 10year-olds. This person is poor and sad and then they want a Mr. Beast video and now they're happy. That means that I'm happy. Like and subscribe. These stories aren't interesting or innovative once you learn that they're basically the same. The Mr. Beast poor people Olympics format is as follows. Mr. Beast screaming person must stay in a place for a long time while doing challenges. Person will talk about how much they love their family. Person will almost give up despite the challenge being extremely easy. Person will win money. Now notice how I said person and not someone's specific name. That's because their name doesn't matter. They are not a person. They are a prop used for content. good old wholesome familyfriendly content which leads to the contestants being extremely bland. From the way I'm describing it, Mr. Beast's content is garbage and completely unwatchable, which could not be further from the truth. It is extremely consumable. But as soon as a video finishes, I remember nothing. Almost as if Jimmy has sucked the memory directly from my brain. It is content in its purest, most edible form, and it is fine to consume that content because I'm a little piggy and I love slop. But I don't understand how Mr. Beast himself, or especially the Jimmy Beast fans, can say with a straight face that this content is anything revolutionary. See, that's why I'm confused because this type of programming has been the standard for some time now. Mr. Mr. Beast has reinvented reality television, but Mr. Beast has replaced the dramatic stings and violin risers for cinema sins dings and bruh sound effects. And not only did he reinvent reality television on YouTube, he reinvented it so hard that we've wrapped around to him producing his own reality show on Amazon Prime, which he has paraded around as though it was going to redefine streaming. When in reality, it only exemplifies the problems with his YouTube videos. Because there is no difference between a Mr. Beast video on YouTube and a Beast Games episode on Prime. We don't know the people's names. They are reduced to numbers. Large numbers. Everything's larger. More people, more money, more streaming. Lil Yachty for some reason. And yet the final product is the same. More Mr. Beast content. It's actually worse than his YouTube videos because I'm getting the same thing except I have to pay $15 a month to see it on Prime. And here's the thing, there isn't anything inherently wrong with making this type of content. Not everything needs to be high art, but Jimmy is creating brown stinky smelling tin and selling it as yummy nummy Wellington tin. And don't get me wrong, sometimes I like eating poop, but I would just prefer if the chef was honest about what I was being served. So, why does any of this matter? Quite simply, it's because of what Jimmy is creating compared to the way he talks about it online. And that leads me to his most glaring flaw, his mark of the beast, if you will, his rampant unchecked ego. So, how can I be aware of his ego without knowing him on a personal level? Because I hear about it constantly from others online. I keep my interactions with the Mr. Beast extended universe to a minimum. He will release a video. I will watch the video. I will forget about the video and go back to gooning to Luna. Hell of a boss. But because Mr. Beast cannot help himself and needs to be constantly loved and acknowledged. I am exposed to the Mr. Beast drama sphere. >> The Mr. Beast situation. >> The Mr. Beast situation. The Mr. Beast situation. >> Welcome back to Slopp. Today's slopp. A YouTuber known as Flazfire has AIDS and is gay. And paradoxically to that sphere of drama, there is a sphere of good. I didn't mention it before, but there is a secret fifth type of content Mr. Beast produces on his channel, philanthropy. And to his credit, Jimmy is doing genuinely good things for the world. He even has a second channel entirely dedicated to charitable efforts. I legitimately give Mr. Beast props for this. However, there are people out there that see this as a bad thing. that Jimmy is using disadvantaged people for content, which yes, he is, but those people are still being helped. Now, I can't see into the depths of Jimmy's soul, and only he knows his true intentions, but I can say with relative certainty that he is doing these acts of kindness out of the goodness of his heart. However, I understand the thought process of the people that think otherwise because even though you are doing charity, you are taking it and processing it into content. And even though the profits from that content are used to do more charity, it comes across as disingenuous. Like you're using the charity to earn publicity and internet good boy points, especially when you say things like this. It's kind of crazy the amount of good we've been able to do through a YouTube channel. 23 million trees planted, 33 million pounds of trash from the ocean, 10 million plus meals to people in need, 500,000 people getting water from our wells we built, 3 million to war refugees for supplies, 1 million plus clothes to people in need, 20,000 shoes to kids in Africa. 3,000 people helped walk again. 1,000 deaf people helped here. 1,000 blind people helped see. 100 plus houses for homeless people. 100 plus cars given away. Hundreds of dogs rescued. Three islands given away. One orphanage/school/hos/ town/ gym/village powered/ etc. One chocolate brand that pays farmers fairly and audits child labor. And over $50 million given to people not including stuff listed above. All while still in my 20ies. It is kind of funny that people who have never volunteered in their life or given a penny to charity will see this and make a 30inut essay about how I'm evil. No matter how much people complain, I'll never stop helping people. It's fun. Now, I don't think he's evil, but I do think he's insufferable because anytime there is criticism about him that isn't from insane people that think he's the antichrist, >> multiple people at Mr. Beast talks to me about this theory as if they legitimately believe there is a chance that Mr. Beast is the Antichrist. >> He will use his charity as a shield or a way of boosting his credibility. Do you do what do you do off camera? What do you feel about that? Because that's a big criticism that a lot of people have had on YouTubers for a very long time. >> It's a big criticism I get. Which is funny because if I do something off camera, how do you know about it? So all the people who tweet all the time or whatever go, you wouldn't do anything unless it's on camera. He only does it because it's on camera. Um how how do you know? >> Nothing is a better example than his crowdfunding campaigns, Team C's, Team Trees, and Team Water. Now, these are all very worthy causes. Team Seas is cleaning trash from the oceans. Team Trees is helping prevent deforestation. And Team Water is bringing clean drinking water to areas of the world that don't have access. But when Mr. Beast is ebegging his fans and online content creators to help donate to his charity with his name on it, >> we're just curious. The your your friends here were saying you were a very generous um soul. >> Are you really going to do this shit? I fucking did the McDonald's drive-thru, man. Is this going to happen to me? Oh my god. Oh, what are you trying to get me? What are you just just fucking give me a number? >> All right, so uh Jinxy Logan, they both just committed 100 grand. >> Teamwater.org. >> That's it. Hey, you you seem like you have a rich audience. We have a leaderboard. You know, you can also see who's donated the most. If you get that number one spot, I'll love you forever. >> 100%. We got you at 15. >> All right. Thank you, man. Catch you later. >> Let's go. Hey, of course. Good luck, guys. >> Thank you. Thank you, Rob. >> Thank you, man. You're the best one. >> Wait, so that Let's Let's do some math right here, boys. That 15 grand I just got us, does that even make a dent? >> Then it feels disingenuous. Jimmy Beast has a habit of needing to affirm to the world that he is indeed loved and respected. It's not merely enough to have 600 million subscribers and infinity money. No, he needs infinity love. >> Do you like Mr. Beast? >> No. >> The jacket. >> Do you think Mr. Beast ruined YouTube? Yes. >> So, I ruined YouTube because I didn't buy a mansion and sports cars and instead reinvested my dollar sign into making content focused on doing good and inspiring kids to help people. If he had fun, the videos would be longer. What does that even mean, lol? You think I'd give up every hour of my life for 14 years if I didn't have fun? This clip is insanely disrespectful in my opinion and obviously there is so much I could say about his content, but I'll just take the punches and be the bigger man. Sigh. This Mr. Beast stream was a disaster. How is raising $12 million for charity a disaster? Long. >> Mr. Beast makes history by becoming the first person to become a billionaire without selling their soul. This was possible because he never had a soul to begin with. >> Howdy. saw your tweet about me not having a soul. Would love to chat on Discord or phone sometime because I think there might have been a misunderstanding. No worries if you don't want to. The best example of this is Rolling Stone's most influential creators of 2025 list in which Jimmy was placed at number seven. Not number one, but still quite respectable. And of course, Jimmy, being the most humble man alive, accepted his seventh place award with humility and gratitude. Of course, he did it. This was his response. >> According to this list, a guy with 1 million followers is more influential than me. What did I do to piss off the Rolling Stones? The comedian who turned Jimmy into a whiny baby is named Caleb Heron, and he is funny and has a discernable personality and charisma. Mr. Beast has money. His defining trait is he has money. His legacy will be the guy on the internet who screams a lot and had lots of money. Jimmy Beast, you are a winner. You won the internet, kind stranger. Take my Reddit gold. But you won algorithmically. You understand how to create content that will be consumed and have been rewarded financially for it. But you won the numbers. You didn't win the hearts and minds of the people. You can buy views with flashy thumbnails and high production quality with money, but you can't buy genuine respect and appreciation. But you can purchase people who love you for your money and influence. And you can see this from every reply section on his social media. The blue check mark crypto bros are about the only ones you will see interacting with him on X the everything app. His YouTube comments are flooded with toddlers spamming W Mr. Beast and doxing their full name and address in hopes of getting in the next Jimmy Beast video. And on Instagram, there is a sea of people asking Jimmy for free things. JK, I just joking, but like if you gave it to me, that would be pretty cool, Jimmy. Just kidding. >> Jimmy, come on Jimmy, you know you owe >> But there are, and it terrifies me to say this, real Mr. Beast fans that live amongst us. The content casts a very wide net. It is made for the most general of audiences, but the people who really like it and become actual fans are the same ones who donate to multi-millionaire Twitch streamers and spam W's in their chat. 8-year-olds or drooling morons. And continuing to pander to said 8-year-olds is not going to shift public opinion on the fact that your persona and your content feels inauthentic and ungenuine. Jimmy wants to have his feastables and eat them, too. He wants to be loved as the man and as the brand. And you can't have it both ways. You cannot be a downto- earthth normal guy YouTuber while being the head of the largest social media conglomerate with several companies, subsidiaries, and ventures. You can donate millions to charity and still be insufferable. Now, of course, Mr. Beast is just a person, and I do not know the real man, and I never will. >> You never will. the world never will. I cannot judge Mr. Beast on his inner thoughts because I cannot see them. But I can judge him on his actions and his words. And although there are good ones, there are also ones that call into question his motivations and intentions. But I don't know him personally. I only know the mask he wears. I don't harbor hate to Mr. Beast, but I feel no love either. There is an idea of a Mr. beast, some sort of abstraction. But you look behind the beast beard and there is simply nothing there. Shed in my pants. I am for real. You should join my hat to my pants with some stinky poop. I shed in my pants. Oh, I am for real.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Flazefire [515 likes]: Use code FLAZEFIREFB50 to get 50% OFF your first Factor box plus free breakfast for 1 year at https://bit.ly/465Ufrv!
  2. @st4r_burn [4 likes]: 15:14 the best part of this is that that’s not even true anymore, he now uses slave labor, like every other chocolate company
  3. @st4r_burn [4 likes]: His philanthropy feels a little bit disingenuous after that controversy of him, literally taking Saudi, blood money and using slaves to set up his “theme park”
  4. @sofaking8646 [3 likes]: 5:24 1 Loona Helluva Boss WHAT??
  5. @kingghidorah102 [2 likes]: Damn, that's a badass title tho, "Emperor of Emptiness" sounds like an Arknights boss
  6. @Xnackery027 [1 likes]: 2:07 Do not buy Factor. It’s literally just expensive TV dinners that occasionally have mold in them.
  7. @DiseasedDaybreak-m5r [1 likes]: Sponsor ends at 3:17
  8. @nromk [1 likes]: I'm just going to say it, at this point it's incredible Mr.Beast isn't talking about declining birth rates (thank the Goddess a rich guy who isn't creepy about sex).
  9. @DoobleDee-c4f [1 likes]: 3:59 what is that beat in the background? I need to know it. That beat is fire.
  10. @Froggey-1: Frog nation will rise
  11. @DavidBrendanPaul: If I had his resources, money and audience?
I could free everyone. I could dismantle everything. I could cancel every debt in your names.
With less actually, about one dime from every person, and only about ten years.

I wouldn't give people shoes, to make videos.
I wouldn't trap them to humiliate them, for content.

He doesn't want to help this world. He wants your attention, because daddy was a bully.
I could free this entire world with his audience alone.
AND THE PROOF? Is on my channel, in my posts, a blue 'pastebin' link.
THE SOLUTION. The only thing missing? Covenant.

But I won't ever get my audience. The world won't endorse me. It won't perpetuate and reward me.
I REFUSE TO SUBMIT, I REFUSE TO COMPROMISE. Maybe I am just stubborn. Maybe I am the only one with any integrity.

He's a big child, who never grew up because his dad wasn't there. Because when he was, he was mean and abusive.
A big child, who can't be told no, or he is wrong. The world rewarded his sacrifice, and his constant elevation of spectacle, but that can only last so long!

I won't pander to you people. I don't care if you watch or not. I don't make my stories for you. I make them to FREE YOU.
  12. @realwulfe: There’s a large subset of people online who genuinely believe Mr. Beast is a demon. Not as a metaphor, but an actual demon from like hell 😂😂
  13. @TS-ln5ix: 3:49 "Welcome to the internet" spotted
  14. @MikhailGreyWolf: Mr beast is YouTube's golden boy.
  15. @doctordex272: Mr Beasticles 😂
  16. @JohnathanCheatheam-z5n: Make me sick having all that money but spending on islands and mansion and hanging woth celebrities  buy not genuinely help ones who poor action speak louder then words  I sware enjoy life and help people screw being famous and celebrated.
  17. @anthonychukumba1115: “everything is larger!” hmm you don’t say 💀
  18. @Yalovayahznepomnimena: Honestly, why live like Jimmy? He has no free time due to his schedule, and his business is incredibly profitable, but time-consuming.He just keeps continuing continue for what?Will there be an end to his career where he sits on the field like Thanos and looks at the star?
  19. @Arandomuser-i7x: I just sorta never liked MrBeast. His content just sorta made me feel... pathetic and embarrassing.
  20. @nickles_actually: Using BIG SHOT is an inspired choice lol

- PewDiePie Was Right About MrBeast..: Kind: captions Language: en over the [music] span of a decade. A lot of people are very short-term sighted, but you know, as long as you're innovating, adapting, reinvesting, I think if you do it in telecom, >> imagine like you're on 9 years, still no no one gives a about [music] your channel. You're like, "One more year, here we go. One more, one more year. Here we go." [laughter] >> The man who once helped Mr. Beast rise to the top is the same guy who accidentally predicted his downfall. Because years ago, PewDiePie warned us about what YouTube was turning into, and no one listened. He said the platform was becoming corporate, soulless, and obsessed with money over creativity. And now, years later, Mr. Beast has become the perfect example of that. The guy he once stood outside in the freezing cold shouting, "Subscribe to PewDiePie ended up building the same kind of machine PewDiePie was trying to warn us about." So, yeah, it's finally time to admit it. PewDiePie was right about Mr. Beast. So, let's rewind for a second. In 2019, YouTube had its greatest story line ever. PewDiePie versus T-Series. It wasn't just a subscriber war. It was a creator versus corporation. YouTube soul versus the algorithm. And right besides Peudes, holding up billboards and spending thousands of dollars, was a younger, hungrier creator named Jimmy, aka Mr. Beast. He was the ultimate fanboy, campaigning to keep the platform in the hands of real creators. Everyone loved it. PewDiePie was the king. Mr. Beast was a knight. And T-Series was a villainous empire spamming out 10 music videos a day. But in the years that followed, something changed. Mr. Beast didn't just beat tier series numbers. He became T-Series in spirit. Mass production, endless funding, a team of writers, editors, animators, and business executives turning YouTube into Hollywood 2.0. And somewhere along the way, PewDiePie's old warning that YouTube was losing its humanity started to sound less like nostalgia and more like prophecy. PewDiePie's era was chaotic, random, and human. He could scream at a barrel in Amnesia, play Happy Wheels, or make a dumb meme review, and it would still hit millions. It wasn't about being the perfect video. It was about having a fun personality. That was old YouTube. Then you look at Mr. Beast era and it's cinematic, flawless, and perfectly optimized. Every thumbnail, every frame, every second, engineered for maximum retention. It's not YouTube anymore. It's more like a TV show. And the irony is quite painful. The same guy who once fought for real creators ended up creating a system that only massive corporations can compete in. And PewDiePie saw it coming years ago >> over the span of a decade. A lot of people are very short-term sighted. But you know, as long as you're innovating, adapting, reinvesting, I think if you do it intelligently, >> imagine like you're on 9 years still. No, no one gives a about your channel and you're like one more year. Here we go. One more one more year. Here we go. [laughter] But Mr. Beast told me I got I got to innovate and I got to be intelligent. Oh, my life has passed before me. I haven't got a dinosa algorithm was turning content into a factory [music] line, rewarding who could spend the most, nor who could create the best. Mr. Beast didn't break YouTube, he industrialized it. So, let's talk about the lunch disaster that PewDiePie called out. Look, as we all know, I've said it a million times in past videos, it wasn't an actual product. It was a brand cash grab dress as lunch. We all know what happened. Late 2023, Mr. Beast teamed up with KSI and Logan Paul to launch Lunchly, a so-called healthy rival to Lunchables. Whatever, right? A fun, nutritious meal for kids with Prime Hydration and Feastables chocolate inside, which sounded great until people actually opened up the boxes. Moldy cheese, slimy meat, and mysterious green fuzz growing inside unopened kits. The internet easily turned on them and alongside VanTDM, Jack Septic, PewDiePie called them out saying, "You can tell they aren't real parents because they're feeding kids this trash." >> Opinion on Lunchly. Yeah, I only found out about it yesterday. Like, you can tell none of them are parents. You should not feed your kids that garbage. Like, what the [snorts] Like, that meal is so tiny. It looks like it's enough for Bern maybe and he's 1 year and a half. Like uh no, who's it for? I don't get it. Is it a snack? Is it a meal? Very confused by it. >> I mean, here PewDiePie is completely correct. As he said, this would even feed his one-year-old son. And the funny thing is PewDiePie said, "These guys clearly don't have kids, but um they actually do. Logan Paul does." And guess what he did? He used his newborn baby to promote his brand. Maybe I should show her. Show her to the world. >> Here's our baby. Brand new to the world. Here we go. Lunchly is now in stores. >> And he even promoted Prime or Lunchly, I think, whilst his girlfriend was giving birth. I'll show you guys a clip on screen. >> And of course, we have our snacks and our energy drink. None other than the greatest meals in the world. Lunchly, of course, we have the turkey [music] cheese and cracker stack. Also, the fiesta nachos. My personal favorite. >> Love. >> It's crazy. These guys will do anything to promote their brand, to sell crap to kids, to make cash. PewDiePie was really right all along. Whereas PewDiePie, who has a kid, he doesn't post him online. He definitely doesn't use him to promote his products and actually treats him like a real kid. I feel like if Mr. Beast, KSI, and Logan Paul did have children for a couple of years, they would realize that selling processed junk is not something they want to be doing, no matter how much money it's going to bring them. Because to me, the greatest part about all of this is that KSI and Logan Paul, they didn't take any of this criticism well. They clapped back like some insecure teenagers. People are just hating for no reason. Bro, people aren't hating. They're disgusted. >> It's because people just hate us. >> That's it. >> People just hate us. >> And I've come to realize now in my adult life that hate really is just a feeling of one's own inadequacy. You're dissatisfied with your life. You're unhappy. You're angry cuz your wife left you or you you suck. You might as well go hate on a cracker stack. Instead of addressing the problem, they doubled down, posting clips of themselves bragging about making hundreds of millions in sales. They laughed it off like they were too rich to care, even though they're literally poisoning children. Compare that to PewDiePie's response to controversy. Calm, honest, usually self-deprecating. He never hid behind money, never played the victim. He just took the L and moved on. Whilst Mr. Beast's team, they act like any criticism is blasphemy. Like you're personally attacking a charity if you say this product sucks. That's the massive difference between old YouTube and new YouTube. One made mistakes, the other markets them. And I mean, PewDiePie predicted the sellout era. If you go back and watch PewDiePie's commentary videos from 2018 to 2022, he basically caused this entire era out. He roasted influencers for overbranding themselves, selling useless merch, and pretending to care about causes whilst lining their pockets. He even made fun of fake philanthropy content. People who film donations and call it charity. Sound familiar? Well, Mr. Beast built an entire empire on turning generosity into a spectacle. It's not that he's a bad person. He's not. But he made giving away money into content, not kindness. Every act of charity has a thumbnail, a hook, and a sponsor behind it. PewDiePie warned, "When everything becomes content, nothing's genuine anymore. Even generosity becomes marketing. And that's what you're seeing right now. Mr. Beast isn't just a YouTuber. He's a global brand, a production company, and a billion-dollar business, all wrapped in a nice guy label. PewDiePie built his empire with no investors, no brand partnerships, no corporate backing, just his humor, his community, and his chaos. Mr. Beast, on the other hand, runs an operation that looks more like Netflix than YouTube. He's got warehouses, studios, logistics teams, brand lawyers, supply chains, and business partners. He's even launched Feastables, Beastburgger, View Stats, Beast Games, and countless side ventures. And every one of them has some kind of controversy. Whether it's over labor conditions, misleading ads, or products recalls, it's not that Mr. Beast became evil, it's that he became industrial. He scaled YouTube so high that he broke the U part of it. He's still making content, but it feels like it's made by a committee, not a creator. And that's exactly what PewDiePie said would happen when YouTube stopped rewarding authenticity and started rewarding optimization. I mean, even Jack Septic Guy called it out in that lie detector clip with Tommy in it. He said he hates how Mr. Beast made YouTube into a formula and misses the authenticity of it. >> Now, Jack, a completely unrelated question. Do you like Mr. Beast? >> No. Jack, >> do you think Mr. beast ruined YouTube. >> Yes. Now, in all honesty, Jack, why? Because it became more about views, money, and popularity than it did about having fun. >> You just don't think you had fun playing Squid Games. >> You think you had fun riding on yachts, BUILDING WELLS IN AFRICA? I DON'T KNOW. >> IF HE HAD FUN DOING those videos, they'd be longer. >> We'd see the fun. >> O, I thought you were going to get me that one, didn't you? >> And what's interesting is that PewDiePie hasn't really said much about any of this. He's in Japan now living quietly with his family, barely uploading, barely tweeting, and that silence almost has more than words. Because whilst everyone is stressed, chasing numbers, sponsorships, billion dollar valuations, an expensive luxurious lifestyle just to flex on social media, PewDiePie already won. He stepped away from the game before it could consume him. He doesn't need a team of editors, a global factory of thumbnails, or a snackline to prove he's a legend. He just hit record and made people laugh, and that was enough. Meanwhile, Mr. Beast is constantly trying to outdo himself. Each video bigger than the last because the algorithm demands it. He is trapped in a system PewDiePie saw coming years ago where creators stop creating for fun and start producing for survival. So yeah, as I said, PewDiePie [music] called it years ago, and he was right all along. So let me know you guys' thoughts in the comments. Is YouTube becoming too much like Netflix or do you guys enjoy the high production scale content? Hope you guys enjoyed. Like, comment. Have a great day and I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @lukadiscombe8778 [1 likes]: Mr Beast is what Marx warned us about
  2. @Kurtzz01 [1 likes]: This debate is already over pewdie fanboys lol beast got 300 million right now while pewds got stuck in 100 million so beast is the far better out of the two right now move on kids😂
  3. @SamBatavia [1 likes]: 2:32 I'm literally suffering from this😅
  4. @shreyas_seshan: PewDiePie is no better, ruined youtube too
  5. @DavidBrendanPaul: As a human I struggle, sometimes.
The past few days I've been wondering what is the point.
Why make my stories, if no one is watching?
So much energy and time, is it worth it?
I'll delete my channel, before I ever pander to the likes of you idiotic people.
I'll watch them offline. I make them for me, primarily anyway. 
I can't imagine chasing YOUR attention. Escalating the spectacle, to retain it.
LOCKED in my own cage.
YOUTUBE? MY TUBE, and I no longer care or concern myself with if you watch or not.
My content is to smart, for this platform. 
I get it now. I don't need a point. I just need something creative to do.
  6. @SteadyzZ: The Real King of Youtube
  7. @Legacybruv: MAKE THE WORLD MORE BORING AGAIN!!!!! This is too much!
  8. @mokeshe145: Ummm,ryan trahan😅
  9. @RPLAY7: 2:42 that was me in 2 years ago after uploading 1k video and only got 54 subs
  10. @JustSomeGuyVlogs: mr.beast kinda disgusting when you explain it.
  11. @yung_wise5861: I barely know what his kid looks like and good for him
  12. @lThellRockl: I missed Pew News
  13. @cannedham3774: i think i quit watching beast when he sold out to all the apps and started scripting shows..
  14. @12fordmustanggt500: Gay
  15. @ReiCaixa: Mr. Beast NEVER REALLY responded to the first backlash.
He just let the dust settle time and time again, before the whole Lunchly drama.
He's the proof that humanity deserves the end of the world, because everyone are sheep.
  16. @nirmalsaji271: Pewdiepie is good
  17. @darkspy1277: Mr beast and adin ross are the jewish plants in the industry. They have a crazy amount of wealth an power
  18. @mighty5ix: Mr beast ruined Youtube, Jacksepticeye was always right.
  19. @mohammad_ogaily1674: Mrpest, KSI and logan Paul are a ducking joke ICANT 😂🤣.
  20. @DavidHernandez-w6n7t: Imagine be Mr beast lol have all that money work 12 hours a day stress af lmao can’t eve. Enjoy his money lmao 🤣 hell nah

- MrBeast is going viral again..: Kind: captions Language: en Mr. Beast is genuinely one of the most evil people alive today. I mean that. So Mr. Beast is getting a bunch of hate. Now why is Mr. Beast evil? What is the reason? How? Be specific. Nobody's saying the reason why. People who say incredibly hyperbolic like this and offer zero reasoning or explanation or low IQ. I will explain it because other people refuse to. The reason why they think he's evil is because he is using funds to help black people in Africa who he thinks are not deserving of that help. He thinks that the money will go to waste and it will accomplish no end goal. Bad take. You want to scroll down? I'm going to facilitate the birth of tens of thousands of people who will eventually starve to death. Why don't these people donate their millions into their own communities? Africa before Mr. Beast. Africa after this has 1.2,000 2,000 likes. An African trib's first encounter with Sprite. Let's go ahead and look at the comments to this one. Huh? >> Let's not. >> The post is true though. Africa has gotten over a trillion dollars in aid and it's still the same. You're proving my point. They don't want to say it because the Overton window hasn't shifted enough. 83,000 likes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bidenomics2024 [2 likes]: Even if you think he's evil
 What have you done? Am I a better person because I haven't done shit today lol.
  2. @Allen2-z8x [1 likes]: MrBeast is having a nice guy syndrome because he is too nice to african people
  3. @tfghuggg [1 likes]: There's always good in evil and evil in good
  4. @tempioxavo [1 likes]: Brother wake up charities are money laundries....
  5. @Edgykage [1 likes]: Huh? No he's evil because he only thinks about money and sees people as money (Literally) Like how mr.Krabs ironically (Mr) Both have mr in their names LOL now i understand
  6. @MasonMange: I wish MrBeast was gonna be like in 2019 and 2020/2021s, where he’s shown to be one of the greatest people alive today, shown care for others and his friends, his videos are very enjoyable including his gameplay games and his reaction videos, and I wish Chris Tyson was still male forever and ever, instead of being a transgender creep.
  7. @arashdeepsinghghuman: Bro he isn't spending money from his pocket anymore clever guy getting donations from streamers and when nobody answered his call adin rose helped him to call everyone but later he ghosted all of them after getting help and millions one of those streamer was literally crying later telling he hadn't that much money but he keep pressuring him to donate 1,00,000k he did it to be a good friend of him but he got ghosted by him as well fuck this scammer I know this millionaires do this kinda stunts to get more  famous and saving taxes.
  8. @mariajanina3397: Guys. Think about this 5 min and u know that every of 3487 fundations that make Wells in africa they rising every year bilions for 10 years and still in africa 80% dont have water...
  9. @ohyeah4566: Y'all dumb af bro, but y'all American so it comes with the territory
  10. @Rollmops94: So he is evil, because he tries to help people?
  11. @SssuperLive: Dude, you're literally a millionaire. You'll give half the money to charity. You'll literally lose nothing, and on the contrary, you'll help people, gain authority, and earn respect. But you're just a weirdo from the lower reaches of the internet, a talking head. Although you could be a respected person, you're just a greedy p1ece of sh1t.
  12. @DissentRealized: Could it just be that he surrounds himself with .pdf files and tries to push confusing gender propaganda down our children's throats? 😅
  13. @idkausername10: You just built an entire false narrative in your neckbearded little head, the reason I myself don't like Mr. Beast is because he's a fake philanthropist. He only does what he does because he wants to gain, not because he's kind. It's sick



edit: I scrolled down, and why am I not surprised to see a thousand obvious AI comments leaving this garbage video praise? Oh that's right, because losers like this "creator" is obsessed with being right and in some position of power. You're a grade A loser!
  14. @ussr-8r: That mrshit has always been racist anti indian especially from PewDiePie tseries meme. His hateful low iq beta fans. Willhate me for this fact.
  15. @cursedimageseveryday5559: There is a certain level of brainroting any person experiencing corporate life undergoes, you can see it in almost every single rich person that deals in corporate enviroment. The parts of their brains responsible for empathy ascend (or brainrot) beyond caring about individual humans but instead caring about the whole system. Kind of like when a beekeper doesn't care about individual bees but only about the hive as a whole. From afar what MrBeats does is very benevolent but as you zoom in you start to notice many disturbing things coming together. I have seen it with my own eyes when our company's boss got hit with the real reality of things when he "zoomed in" and realised how things really work outside of paperwork and theory (he was laid of by upper management soon after because he was no longer able to do his job). Jimmy is so zoomed out and in delusion it hurts to watch. Where is the fun guy who walked marathon in oversized shoes???
  16. @kendall_1-m9c: smile 😀
  17. @smokeyworm.8574: What u think all that money you donate to Africa they get it in there hands 😂😂😂😂😂 no you think slow cunts if you had a brain you would have solved it time ago charity’s fundraisers take all the money and give nothing but a coupe of water bottles
  18. @sheldonhatch8255: @mrbeast
For someone with 500 million sycophants, an insane amount of wealth, and platforms to change the world, your lack of intelligence is baffling. You support one of the top 3 most evil and destructive corporations on this planet. So spare these 500 million with your "generosity" and "charity", because it doesn't exist. You knew what you were signing with these contracts, you KNEW that when you picked up that pit viper to carry down the hill, that it was always a pit viper. No Amount of money will ever repay or rebuild that which your entrepreneurial destruction left behind. Its time for you to quietly fade away, before anyone else is harmed.
  19. @unsolicited-opinions: Mr Beast is amazing ❤and hes actually trying to help people in need.  Just because we are Africans, doesnt make us less human or less deserving of help. Everyone hating on Mr beast or people in need getting help. You will reap what you sow.
  20. @gutyouinyourceller: As he pops up in the epstien  files 😮😅

- MrBeast vs YouTube Trending - Thumbnail Comparison!: Kind: captions Language: en i compared mr b's thumbnails to the top six thousand most viewed videos on youtube trending from the last two years these graphs here represent the percentage of the views each color got in each data set so now maybe you're wondering why is white so popular and why does white get people to click more than any other color well it's actually because the brighter the better on youtube when it comes to your thumbnails having a bright thumbnail helps you stand out from the rest white is the brightest color you can get if you open up an image in photoshop or any photo editing tool and set the brightness to 100 you get a completely white image another way to make your thumbnail stand out is contrast and since most people use youtube in derrick mode a white image contrasts perfectly against a black background so that's why white is a great color to use as your background for your thumbnail because it contrasts so well with the black background of the youtube app and it's also a very bright color two of the most important features for getting people to click on your thumbnails the other really important feature for getting clicks on thumbnails is faces you can see here clearly that mr beast uses a lot of light brown and salmon sort of colors in his thumbnails this is a big difference when you compare this to the rest if we actually add up the percentage of the colors 92 percent of all the colors used in mrb's thumbnails is either white or a skin tone color compared to just 61 in the rest this is because mr beast realizes the importance of faces in his thumbnails if we take a look at this data set of over 30 000 unique youtube videos from the trending page you can see that having a face in your thumbnail correlates with more views even if we allow for outliers by taking an average of the middle 50 of the videos we can see that again it's better to have a face in your thumbnail having 10 or more faces in your thumbnail correlates with almost double the number of views of a thumbnail with nine faces or less mr beast thumbnails have an average of 2.7 faces per thumbnail and the average area of a thumbnail that's covered with the face is 7 whereas for the rest it's an average of 1.7 pesos per thumbnail and the average area of the thumbnail that is covered with a face is only six percent not a big difference in terms of the percentage mr beast clearly tries to get more faces in his thumbnails i tried to really take these learnings and apply them to this video's thumbnail as you can see i have lots of faces in the thumbnail and i made the eyes of each person a little bit bigger in photoshop too and obviously use the white background

  Top Comments:
  1. @red_hrlow [2 likes]: Love these analyzes.
  2. @Suraj-cj2op [1 likes]: For the last two years wow👏... I didn't know that since I found this video.thx
  3. @RedGiraffe1 [1 likes]: cool video Patrick, I found this very useful! Thanks for sharing this!!

- What makes a great YouTube thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en you know offline you know I got a chance to look at a bunch of thumbnails and it's fascinating which ones do well which ones don't is there something you could say about what are the elements of a thumbnail that work well is this also deeply well that's where yeah it's the same thing like how do you cook good food but um it's easier if you pull up a thumbnail that could be like that's why that's good that's why that's bad that's uh like an example would be like one of my friends I was he just uploaded a video recently and I called him I was like what is this because he's a very very smart guy and in the thumbnail he's he's getting chased by cops but the cops were wearing yellow vests so they didn't look a cop so I was like whoa why are the cops in your thumb wearing yellow vests it's like that makes it so much more boring and he was like carrying a flag but the pole and the color of the flag were the same color so it's like it's a lot harder to see the flag I was like also you're wearing like a shirt with like five different colors like so it's like it's hard to tell what even what your outline is and then in the background there were cars and I was like well if you have cops chasing you why not make the cars cop cars and you know and it's like because in my head I'm like dang if he just did those like four or five things the video probably got like seven extra views how much iteration because I also got a chance to see the number of iterations you do on a I don't know it's a problem now it's an addiction is it so you kind of there's a lot of the versions were really good yeah how do you know what they're like I love how you when we pulled up that uh the burger one and we were flipping through him you're like that's really good I was like oh that's version like one of like a thousand but even the sketch the idea was good like already even the original idea is strong yeah so we one of our coming up videos we made the world's largest plant-based burger and the thumbnail we were thinking is like me standing beside the bird because it's six feet tall that's that's what he's talking about so like just picture a giant six foot tall burger super wide thousands of pounds and then I'm beside it and then it's like eating the world's largest burger like you that's just something you have to click like so you were saying like how would you describe a good thumbnail like that you know what I mean like but I think you said the one I noticed first that was good where you were very small in it relative to the and you didn't like that one I needed to come forward a little bit and also the photo we took was uh just my upper body so they photo manipulated and created my legs Photoshop and that's why I said I didn't like it because my right leg was a little like off it was like bit the wrong way does the physics and thumbnail have to even make sense I mean you can just like exaggerate the head size and all that kind of yeah 100 yeah things don't have to be relative yeah you can have a car in the background be three times the size yeah because yeah every one of my thumbnails my face is in the you know left side very big so brand recognition so just people know oh especially because now that a lot of people copy our videos it's just nice to like you know everyone else might make thumbnails like this but this is mine and obviously we usually over deliver and do bigger stuff

  Top Comments:
  1. @xnkatta [103 likes]: His thumbnails look like they are generated by an algorithm or AI. They are one of the reasons I never clicked on them and didn't know about the dude before he started doing interviews.
  2. @AndogaSpock [27 likes]: I kind of feel proud that I have never heard of this guy.
  3. @ParallelUniversity [13 likes]: I refuse to click on any thumbnail with an open mouth or dumb expression. Unfortunately, there is an army of millions of kids who impulsively click on any dumb expression, so creators aren't going to stop anytime soon.
  4. @LexClips [5 likes]: Full podcast episode: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3_PwvvfxIU
Lex Fridman podcast channel: https://www.youtube.com/lexfridman
Guest bio: MrBeast is a legendary YouTube creator.
  5. @lou6455 [3 likes]: he ruined youtube
  6. @TheGoofyPower [3 likes]: He does not really have good ones...
the look all the same. Same face, same bodylenguage, same side...
just scroll kinda fast and it looks just like one thing :)
  7. @JustChadC [2 likes]: Ironically, Mr. Beast has the most obnoxious thumbnails
  8. @dharsangt [2 likes]: Jimmy is saying about "Airrack's" video capture the flag IRL
  9. @rubs6330 [2 likes]: Mr.beast voice is kinda like cbum😅
  10. @bandana9977 [1 likes]: would have been good to actually see the thumbnails you were both talking about.
  11. @yamondakawazuki8941 [1 likes]: Welcome to modern youtube! A bunch of people chasing the impulse clicks of toddlers. Welcome to modern motherhood! Get your xanax and wine on the left, their ipads on the right.
  12. @darren.akamojogamingtop6946 [1 likes]: Me beast deal with crypto nooooo thank you
  13. @Sbaak1: Remove all thumbnails and lowercase titles improved my life.
  14. @traders_pov: The thumbnail on the thumbnail is not a 'great' thumbnail.
  15. @CornerTable: Thanks for sharing
  16. @mantikor341: thumbnails these days are horrible. 
I never clicked a mrbeast video until another youtuber i watched mentioned him, saying he was the best youtuber ever. so i checked him out and was like „ah, its the guy with the weird thumbnails“ that was like two years ago and now everybody has the same fucking thumbnails and i just hate them
  17. @cdinaz: This is the first time I've even seen him speak.  Don't know why I thought he was British.  I'm soooo frigging out of touch... I just cringe at his thumbnails and will not click on them.  I think it's a me problem, lol
  18. @hafezaburaihan5835: Very nice video
  19. @chanduv8287: I love mr beast ❤🎖️🏅🥇😘
  20. @imsteamboat9774: 13th

- Why Does MrBeast Have The Best Thumbnails?: Kind: captions Language: en Why does Mr. Beast get millions of views? So, in today's video, I'm going to break down why his videos attract you and get so many views. Okay, first, his thumbnails are stupid simple. One idea, zero confusion, you instantly get it. In this thumbnail, both of their faces are pushed up against the glass with some people in the background that adds to the thumbnail. But, all the attention is pushed to Mr. Beast and IShowSpeed. Also, the marks on the glass make it look a lot more realistic, and the colors just stand out perfectly. So, if your thumbnail needs explaining, it's not working. And the facial expression and the facial expressions they're making are not normal. They're extreme. Everything is bright and highly saturated. Just like the color in this thumbnail is mainly red and blue, which correlates perfectly. The flying bike in the thumbnail, which intrigues people's minds, this all makes people curious and want to click the thumbnail. The same thing again with his facial expression, it's not natural again, it's extreme. His teeth are really bright, and the reason these thumbnails stand out of because most people are just on their phone all the time, and dull thumbnails just blend in. And if the thumbnail doesn't pop, it doesn't get clicks. Like this one, you've got another person, which is another focus of attention. You have two colors that go very well off each other, like red and blue and green and yellow. And them headbutting a soccer ball makes the viewers feel more curious about the thumbnail. And especially if the quality of your face or whatever in the thumbnail isn't good, people won't click on it. This is a great example. It needs to be perfectly colored like this thumbnail because everything just flows in this thumbnail. Also, everything is exaggerated. There's bigger reactions like these two in the thumbnail. It's always $1 versus $1 small versus giant. Your brain loves contrast like that. And finally, consistency. You instantly recognize a Mr. Beast thumbnail. It's always the same style and the same energy. That builds trust, and trust equals more clicks. So, here's the formula: simple, emotional, bright, curiosity, big contrast, so if your thumbnails aren't getting clicks, it's not the algorithm, it's your thumbnails. So, if you want a thumbnail that can boost your click-through rate, drop me a message on X, and I can definitely help you with that. And if you aren't already subscribed, hit that subscribe button and drop a like.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sparkxdedits [1 likes]: you deserve a sub!
  2. @JobsywithDave [1 likes]: nice idea
  3. @aadamappointmentsetting [1 likes]: How can i work with you?
  4. @HadiMalik-yx5jg: Remember me when you become famous
  5. @aadamappointmentsetting: This video is blendyyyy

- Clickbait is Unreasonably Effective: Kind: captions Language: en - Can I tell you something I'm bad at? I am terrible at making clickbait. Up until two years ago, my most popular video was about a basketball being dropped from a dam with a bit of backspin. It takes off like a rocket and shoots out way further than you'd expect. This video was embedded on literally hundreds of news websites. And in its first week, it got 16.3 million views, but almost none of those views came on the YouTube platform. Why? Because I gave it this thumbnail and I called it "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect." This video is sponsored by KiwiCo. More about them at the end of the show. Now, I believe within YouTube, I'm used as an example of how not to package your video. As if to demonstrate just how bad a title and thumbnail this is, someone else re-uploaded the video with the clever title, "Basketball Dropped From Dam." And within a few weeks, that video had received tens of millions of views on YouTube. This is when YouTube gave me access to ContentID. That's the system that allows you to earn revenue when someone else re-uploads your videos, which was good, but I still wasn't very good at clickbait. So for this video, I called in an expert. I wanted to see your reaction face. Can you give me like a reaction face? Like what's a good thumbnail face? - Oh, I got you. This is a thumbnail face. (Derek laughs) I have like 10, I go through the motions of like... And then we just take the best one, I probably have like 500 of these just saved and we can just Photoshop my face on my face. That way, I don't have to do it anymore. - When I started on this platform, some 10 years ago, clickbait was less important. Subscribers were what mattered, because most of the views came from the sub feed. And videos went viral usually by getting a lot of attention elsewhere, like on Reddit or Facebook, not due to the YouTube algorithm. But once you had a big video and people subscribed, well, then your next video would likely get a lot of views from those subscribers. So YouTube would take that popular video and share it with more people. And so you'd get more subscribers in a positive feedback loop. But soon, YouTube realized that this did not create the best experience for the viewer. They discovered that showing people only videos from channels they were subscribed to led to fewer clicks, less watch time and less engagement with the site as a whole. Plus, they knew that relying on other platforms to drive traffic to viral hits was risky, since those other platforms might disable the traffic at any time. So they needed to make YouTube a destination in itself. They wanted people to come to YouTube, see videos that interested them, click on at least one of them and watch it for a while. Ideally get sucked down the YouTube rabbit hole and spend hours on the site without even noticing it. The ultimate resource is people's time and attention, and every platform is trying to capture as much of it as possible. So, to make YouTube this go-to destination, they had decrease the importance of subscribers, make it less like a podcast app where you only get the shows you're subscribed to, and more like Reddit, where stuff with the most engagement rises to the top. But that necessarily meant increasing the importance of clickbait. Now, there seems to be a paradox when it comes to clickbait. People almost universally claim to hate it, but you also see it everywhere. So why is this? Well, one of the problems is we don't all agree on the definition of clickbait. When I google it, the top definition is, on the internet, content whose main purpose is to attract attention and encourage visitors to click on a link to a particular webpage. We could call this type I clickbait, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it. I mean, if you didn't try to attract attention and get people to click on your links, then you wouldn't really be doing your job. But there is a second definition. One that I think more people ascribe to, which is something such as a headline designed to make readers want to click on a hyperlink, especially when the link leads to content of dubious value or interest. Wikipedia says, "A defining characteristic of clickbait is that it is sensationalized or misleading." And it also talks about teasers that intentionally withhold information to exploit the "curiosity gap." They give you enough information to make you curious, but not enough to satisfy that curiosity. Here are two actual titles from a news website. Nine out of 10 Americans are completely wrong about this mind blowing fact. And someone gave some kids some scissors. Here's what happened next. I think we can all agree that these are examples of bad type II clickbait. Now, imagine a clickbait space where on one axis, you have how misleading or sensationalized it is. And on the other, how much information is intentionally withheld to create a curiosity gap. Well, then these two titles fall in the top right corner. And these are the zones of type II clickbait. At the other extreme, you have things that are so unsensationalized as to be dull. You could call this the dead zone. Now, here is where you would find "Strange applications of the Magnus Effect." I mean, I didn't tell you what the applications were. Now, in the middle is where you would find type I clickbait. But honestly, I think type I and type II clickbait are so different, that we shouldn't even use the same word for them. Instead of type I clickbait, my friend and YouTuber, Brady Heron suggested legitbait. I mean, it might sound enticing, but it is legit. Instead of type II clickbait, we could use clicktrap, clicktrick, linktrap or dupechute. What's important to recognize is that for any given video, there is no one true title and thumbnail. Each video could have hundreds or thousands of different legitbait titles. For example, how does a zero-G plane work? I went on a plane that does parabolic trajectories. What happens to fire on a zero-G plane? Now, the most enticing titles and thumbnails are found close to type II clickbait. I'm reminded of the infographic by smarter every day, showing that on social media, the greatest engagement occurs close to the boundary of what's allowable. But remember that everyone's definition of clickbait is different, and everyone's perceptions of words and images are different. So these are not clear boundaries. They're actually kind of fuzzy. What for one person might be legitbait, for someone else, could be a clicktrap. What's clear is that on a site where click-through rate is important, clickbait of all types is inevitable. How important to a video's success is the title and thumbnail? - Very important. Of course. If they don't click on the video, they don't watch it. You can't get 10 million views unless 10 million people click on the video. So, I mean, it's literally that simple. They don't click on it, - So, why is clickbait everywhere? Well, because it works. More enticing thumbnails get more clicks. Despite some people's claims that they won't click or they'll unsub, it's just like evolution. Whatever survives, multiplies and traits become amplified. If you don't begrudge the giraffe its long neck so it can reach the highest leaves, can you begrudge a YouTuber the red arrow that allows them to reach further audiences? I talked about this in my video two years ago. To be successful as a YouTuber, you need to optimize two things, watch time and the click-through rate of your videos. That's the number of times the title and thumbnail are clicked, divided by the total number of times they're shown. That's the number of impressions. Now at the time, this was something of a revelation for me because I always thought my job was to make great videos. And then a title and thumbnail that adequately represented what the video was about. But now I've realized that making the title and thumbnail is at least half the job. This is not just because better titles and thumbnails get you more clicks, but because better titles and thumbnails will get you way more impressions. YouTube has limited real estate with which to show you virtually infinite content. And so it's not enough to make a good video even if people watch all of it, you also have to make a title and thumbnail that gets clicked, especially in competition with other really good titles and thumbnails. That's the only way you can expect YouTube to give you more impressions. Now, the big development since my last video on this is YouTube introduced real-time metrics like views, impressions and click-through rate. Now, I suggested this would create an arms race. So what you can bet will happen is that creators will launch a video and then they'll be sitting there with all these different variants of thumbnails and they'll be swapping them out and looking at what that does to click-through rate and then going with the one that leads to the greatest click-through rate. And this is basically what has happened. Let me give you my favorite example. Last year, I made a video about asteroids, which I thought was really good. I called it "Asteroids: Earth's Biggest Threat," which is something Stephen Hawking said. And people were very positive about the video. They thought it was maybe one of my best, but the performance was well below average. In its first day, asteroids was ranked ninth out of my previous 10 videos. It was probably on target for about one and a half million views. So I tried different titles and thumbnails like, "Asteroid Impact: What Are Our Chances?" Or "Asteroid Impact: What Could We Do?" But none of these changes got much traction. And then on day three after launch, I changed the title and thumbnail to "These Are the Asteroids to Worry About." And immediately the video started doing better. It quickly shot up from almost my worst performing video to my best. It now has 14 million views. Nothing about the video changed, just that one image and 38 characters. But because of that, the video has reached nearly 10 times as many people as it otherwise would have. And the title and thumbnail accurately describe what the video is about. I mean, sure, there's a curiosity gap, but you couldn't explain the whole concept in the length of the title. So if you see a YouTuber changing titles and thumbnails, this is why. Because that effort can be rewarded many times over. I've seen people objecting to this practice because they think the creator is trying to dupe their audience, get them to click on the same video more than once, but that's not it. The whole point is to get YouTube to show the title and thumbnail to more people. We're trying to increase the number of impressions, which is heavily dependent on the click-through rate. Now, a lot of my recent videos have this typical view curve. There's an initial spike after I release the video and then a dip, and then a second bump after I have figured out a better title and thumbnail. I change the title and thumbnail and I watch the real time view graph. What I'm looking for is a noticeable bump in views. Sometimes there's no change, sometimes it gets worse, but on occasions, when you see something like this, well then, you know you've found a winner. This is something all the big YouTubers are doing. Not even Mr. Beast knows exactly which thumbnail will work best beforehand. Have you ever changed and then the video did better? - Oh, of course. So everybody, I usually make like two or three thumbnails, and then if it's not doing as well as I want, we usually just swap 'em out and see if it does better. 'cause the thing is like, you don't really know. I mean, you could know if you just were an almighty being that could just predict what people would be interested in, but you know, usually... Like, you can do hide and seek. You don't really know if like you hiding in a tree and then someone walking below you is a good thumbnail. Or if you hiding a trash can and them walking in front of you. So, you know, just do both and then see which one interests people a little bit more. - I feel the same way, but I do feel like you have a better sense of this than like most people. - Of course. I mean, no one gets 40 million views a video. (both laughing) - But what is the point in getting more views? If you're cynical, you might say it's all about money and fame. And while there are certainly financial incentives to getting more views, that's not why I do it. As an educational YouTuber, I think there are two very good reasons for using excellent type I clickbait over more straightforward packaging. To understand the first reason, let's consider two different possible titles for my most recent video. I called it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," but it's a video about the Collatz conjecture. So perhaps a more straightforward title would have been simply to call it that. The problem is, if I publish a video called the Collatz conjecture, the most likely people to click on it are those who already know what the Collatz conjecture is. And the vast majority of people will never have heard of it. So for them, the title is meaningless and only the very curious or those who really like Veritasium would click. In contrast, calling it "The Simplest Math Problem No One Can Solve," conveys more information about the video to everyone. And this means more people can click on it, most of whom will never have heard of the Collatz conjecture. So I get to teach them something new. And since the video has a higher click-through rate, YouTube shows it to even more people. So if my aim is to increase the level of knowledge in the world by the maximum amount possible, this is the way to do it. The second reason we need to optimize titles and thumbnails is to support the major goal of this channel. We are trying to make the best science films on every topic we tackle. That means traveling to meet experts in film experiments, hiring people to build props, make spectacular animations, research and fact check. We hire expert consultants to double and triple check our work. I don't wanna make vlogs. I wanna make science documentaries on YouTube that put broadcast to shame. And to make this possible and sustainable, the videos have to get views and lots of them. And to do that, we have to make the best titles and thumbnails we can. YouTuber and Patreon CEO, Jack Conte has talked about adjusting your packaging. The idea is know what you're passionate about, what you won't compromise on and that stuff goes in the box. All the rest, like what paper it's wrapped in, that's the packaging. So the video is my focus and the title and thumbnail are the packaging that I'm happy to adjust, so I can make the type of videos that are important to me. Now, is it ironic that a channel whose whole purpose is to promote a true seeking mindset has to experiment at the edge of what is truthful in order to fulfill that purpose? It is something that I often worry about. You know, when I did like risking my life to do X, it's like, well, what probability of death does there have to be for you to risk your life? Like 50%? - I love how he always overthinks things. (laughs) That's funny. He's like, is my life risked enough where I can put I risked my life? I only had a 9% chance of dying and I need at least a 13% chance. You're so funny. He was the same way two years ago when he asked me all this stuff. I was like, "Dude, just do whatever makes the most sense. - Yeah, I mean, obviously I feel like my instincts are not good. But what I realized is that I don't have to trust my instincts. This problem of getting the best title and thumbnail, well, it's a scientific problem. We're just asking which accurate representation of the video will get the most clicks from a general audience. And that's a problem we can use the scientific method to solve. So I've hired a couple of really bright people and we spend a lot of time brainstorming and making titles and thumbnails and testing them out. For example, on Twitter and Patreon. Varitasium titles and thumbnails have gotten better, not because I'm better at it, but because of my team and our testing. If you have ideas about how we could do it better, please get in touch. The results have often contradicted what I expected. I mean, this video seemed to perform 10% better when we excluded the word surprising from the title. So it became simply The Secret of Synchronization. I thought these two titles were basically a toss up, but Patreon had a strong preference for one over the other. What's interesting about this research is that the more clickable often better represent the content of the video. Let me give you some examples. One thing I didn't expect when YouTube brought in the real time analytics tools and allowed title and thumbnail changes to affect impressions, was that it would also work for older videos. So here is an old video that I originally entitled, "Why the Neutron is the Hero of Nuclear Physics." In hindsight, it's a weird, kinda meaningless title. So I changed it to, "Why Einstein Thought Nuclear Weapons Impossible." It's clearer, more accurate. And this is what happened to views after the change. I changed "Strange Applications of the Magnus Effect" to "Backspin Basketball Flies Off Dam." Again, more accurate. And the video is now being watched on YouTube. Probably 10 million more views than it otherwise would have had. Even anti-clickbait has proven effective. Here's a video I originally titled, "Are Negative Ions Good For You?" Which is a question nobody asked ever. Now, I changed it to, "Do Salt Lamps Work?" Seriously. And here's the result: One and a half million more views. I think looking at these examples, you could easily make the case that YouTube has made me better at what I do. It has improved the clarity and accuracy of my titles and thumbnails. It's helped me figure out what is interesting to my audience and how to encapsulate that in a single image and fewer than 50 characters. For those of you who worry that a focus on titles and thumbnails will prevent me from picking challenging science topics, well, I simply ask you to look at the videos from the last year or two, like the ones on Gödel's incompleteness theorem, general relativity, Penrose tilings, the logistic map, Newton's method of calculating Pi, the one way speed of light. Good titles and thumbnails make it possible to tackle these topics and to reach more people who have heard of them before. There is a symbiotic relationship between views and video quality. The more views we get, the more people, locations, props and equipment and research we can invest in. This makes the next video better than the last. If we can be good at titles and thumbnails, the ultimate outcome is better videos. That is something I think you and I both want. Hey, this video is sponsored by KiwiCo, a long time supporter of the channel. Now KiwiCo makes awesome hands on projects for kids, including big kids like me. They have eight subscription lines targeted at different age groups, all the way down to newborns. What I love about KiwiCo crates is that they make learning fun and something to look forward to. I mean, when I pull out a crate, my kids just jump at the chance to make it with me. And all the materials you need come right in the box. So there's no need to run to the store. You just open it up and go. My kids and I just built this domino machine, which, who knows, might be inspiration for a viral video. Now, the big idea is that while playing and having fun, kids learn about STEAM concepts. That is science, technology, engineering, art and math. And in addition to the project, there's a magazine with a lot of additional information. So I think this is the best way to learn. By doing something yourself and having fun, it's how education should be. So if you wanna try it out, go to Kiwico.com/veritasium50, and you'll get 50% off your first month of any crate. I will put that link down in the description. So I wanna thank KiwiCo for sponsoring Veritasium, and I wanna thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @YahwehSonandHolySpiritLovesYou [2 likes]: makes a lot of sense given that all of your videos are Clickbait recently because of your private equity thing
  2. @Mixa_Lv [2 likes]: I didn't remember you making this video, but coming back to it from the current date, I feel like you have now crossed the line between type 1 and type 2 clickbait, and not by a small margin.

I recently started to use a video title replacer, mainly because of you and a few other channels. I like your content, but I've grown increasingly annoyed by the aggressive AB-testing for your titles and thumbnails. Often they are wildly different from each other, so much so that when I come across one later, I have to seriously wonder if I have seen that video already. When I can't even recognize if it's talking about the same topic, they can't be that descriptive at all.

It will also be a pain in the ass to search for videos in the future. Someone can be like "Hmm, I remember that Veritasium did a good video about the Goldbach conjecture, I should watch that again", but they have to search for a video called "The Obviously True Theorem No One Can Prove". Or the history of Alfred Nobel, aka "The Man Who Fooled The World".
  3. @BiG_Brain13 [1 likes]: yeah, like your content.
  4. @AudioPhile [1 likes]: Yeah, it gets an unlike and a don't recommend from me. Apparently it's sustainable though.

Can't even report bots for being bots. And if you have free YT the ads now have a pop up after the ad fir the ad 😂😂 Like I'm going to click it. All it does is piss the userbase off.
  5. @AsapBiology [1 likes]: 2026?
  6. @5UND3R [1 likes]: It feels odd to be giving YouTube's predatory algorithm so much benefit for being pro user and artist. It's pro YouTube shareholders first and foremost, and everyone feels that. Their algo demanding you maximize the CRO of your thumbnail to get the most clicks isnt a result of a highly effective algo, its the sign of a lacking algo thats sole goal is maximizing output internally at the maximum amount of pain for users. It's all very interesting, but I think the tone could be different.
  7. @2kab157 [1 likes]: YouTube algorithm strikes again with an old BANGER🔥
  8. @senu903 [1 likes]: Can you suggest me some other utube channels that give your vibe and educational content
  9. @dustbustr91: this only matters if you think youtube is a real job….
  10. @exigentpost2023: Thank you for your indepth analysis with your ladder on thumbnails
  11. @TFP_The_Formula_Perspectives: Terrible at clickbait????
Sounds like Ronald says he's not a good footballer
  12. @JoacoruMc: 2:23, asshole hahaha
  13. @Dotter-Family: Gotta appreciate Veritasium helping out small creators like that.
  14. @CarangasBrasileiras: amazing
  15. @CoyoteMan717: 2:49 Well, a black hole bends space time in it’s proximity so your baseline time (or non accelerating) will be longer making you appear younger to everyone on earth, so more time passes by when you’re not on YouTube then when you are, therefore I have a theory that entertainment bends space time and that’s why “time flies when you’re having fun”
  16. @vanhove14: ❤
  17. @Ake_UEFN: 👏
  18. @D0DW3LL: thought this was a recent vid. 4 years ago?? how fitting
  19. @senu903: Why are u on a ladder
  20. @jordanalia4595: Ofc it is.
Rhats why people hate it

- MrBeast Shares His Best YouTube Advice: Kind: captions Language: en - If you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million subscribers within six months. Your first video is not gonna get views. Subscribers don't matter, views don't matter. I mean, they do. So stop sitting there and thinking for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Everything you... (beeping) Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. - [Narrator] MrBeast shares his best YouTube advice all the way from title and thumbnail secrets to growing a channel on YouTube. - It's much easier to get five million views on one video than 50,000 views on 100 videos. - [Narrator] He also reveals how he's able to hook in viewers in his videos and what he would do if he started over from scratch. - What advice would you give yourself when you were starting out? - Your videos suck. You think your videos are good, but they suck. They just do. And the sooner you learn how to make good, great videos that people actually wanna watch, the sooner you'll get views I think it's the biggest takeaway 'cause like when I was 14, I thought my videos were the best in the world. They weren't, they were terrible. Many people are making way better videos than me, but I didn't think that. And I think, you know, to be successful, you kind of have to have a little bit of that ego where you're like, you know, my content's great. You gotta believe in it, but also like if you have sub 1,000 subscribers, like there's a good probability your videos just suck. They just do, and you need to make hundreds of videos or 100 videos, I don't know. It depends on the difficulty of videos. Improve something every time and just like get to the point where they don't. When you make good content, you'll blow up. It's not the algorithm, it's not anything, it's just like most, me and most people who are in my position, you just make terrible videos and that's okay because you've gotta make a bunch of videos and improve over time to be great. Like you don't just pick up a baseball and become an MLB level athlete within a year. It takes many, many, many years and YouTube's kind of the same way. A lot of people get analysis paralysis and they'll just sit there and they'll plan their first video for three months. Any of you listening, especially if you have zero videos on your channel, your first video is not gonna give views, period. It's not, your first 10 are not gonna get views. I can very confidently say that. for months and months on end and just get to work and start uploading. Like all you need to do, and this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber, is make 100 videos and improve something every time. Do that, and then on your 101st video, we'll start talking, like maybe you can get some views, but, you know, your first 100 are gonna suck. There are very freak cases like (MrBeast mumbling) or Emma Chamberlain who have really good personalities and it doesn't take them some, as many videos and it's just like people who are seven foot five and making in the NBA. Like yes, there are freak cases you can find, but for the average person like us, you know, who don't have these exceptional personalities and you know, backgrounds in filmmaking, just make 100 videos. Improve something each time. And then talk to me on your 101st video. - How do you improve something each time? - The second one just, I don't know, put more effort into the script. The third one, try to learn a new editing trick. The fourth one, try to figure out a way that you can have better inflections in your voice. The fifth one, try to, you know, study a new thumbnail tip and implement it. The sixth one, try to figure out a new title. There's infinite ways. That's the beauty of content creation online. There's literally infinite ways from the coloring, to the frame rate, to the editing, to the filming, to the production, to the jokes, to the pacing to, every little thing can be improved and they can never not be improved. There's no, there's literally no such thing as a perfect video. What YouTube wants is they want people to click on a video and they wanna watch it. Like at its core that's what it is. Now you can like draw little lines and go as deep as you want and to how to get people to click and how to get people to watch. I mean essentially by studying the algorithm you'll learn that you're more studying human psychology, right? What do humans wanna watch? Anytime you say the word algorithm, just replace it with audience and it works perfectly. Like the algorithm didn't like that video? No, the audience didn't like that video. Literally that's it. If people are clicking and watching then it gets promoted more. And that's literally all the algorithm does is reflect what the people want. To a T. And if you deny that you just make terrible videos and are trying to find a scapegoat, - What makes for a good title? Short? - Not just short, it's also if someone reads it, are they like, do they have to watch it? Is it just so intrinsically interesting that it's just gonna quit them? If they don't click on it, you know what I mean? Ideally, it's a title also that you know, 'cause the titles don't live in a vacuum, right? So it has to lead into the content. So ideally the title represents content that you would wanna watch for 20 minutes. So if it's a 20 minute video and the title is I stepped on a bug, the click-through rate is gonna be much lower. And then if it was like a five second video, like even nuances of the length of the video based against the title will affect whether people want to click it, 'cause sometimes they just don't add up. I mean it's that, yes, ideally you want it below 50 characters because above 50 characters on certain devices you run the chance of it going dot, dot, dot. So like I took a light pole and I saw how many dollar bills I could stack on top and they would just go dot, dot, dot, 'cause it's too long and it can't finish it. And that's the worst thing because then people don't even know what they're clicking on. And so it's gonna do even worse. Short, simple ideally and just so freaking interesting to have to click. And it is a good segue into the content and it represents the length of the content. The more extreme the opinion, typically the higher the click through rate. If you can like pay it off in the content, then it just supercharges it, so like... - Oh so, you have a kind of estimate of the extreme. - Yeah, like this just for water, right? You're like Fiji water sucks. Yeah that'd do fine. But if you said Fiji water is the worst water I've ever drank in my life. - [Interviewer] Yeah. - Way more extreme opinion, would do way better. - [Interviewer] But you have to deliver. - Yeah but then you have to deliver 'cause the more extreme you are, the more extreme you have to be in the video. - I heard you guys talking about auto play on YouTube. - [MrBeast] Yes. - And I've never considered it. I've always thought about the thumbnail, but now on YouTube, videos automatically play. - Of course, so before you do, you film a video, what is the thumbnail, what is the video? And then what's the first five seconds and then what's the first 30 seconds? You know, by the first five seconds it's like, goes with the thumbnail. - Because it's possible that people open YouTube and they don't... - They don't see it, especially for us because like for so many people, I've watched hundreds of our videos when I upload I am first on your homepage. So like you just literally don't even see the thumbnail 'cause it auto play so quickly. So like the thumbnail is irrelevant. I have to like visually convince you to click on the video. - Wow, that's so interesting. - Yeah, that's why we go so hardcore. - Dude, that's so crazy. So do you consider also captions in those first five seconds? 'Cause of course people aren't... - Of course yeah, everything. Everything. Yes. 100%. - Wow, so those first five seconds, that hook is now even more important than it ever used to be. - Oh of, 100%. Yeah, before it was important because you had to convince people to watch. - Now you have to convince people to click and watch at the same time. - Whoa. - [MrBeast] With the first five seconds. - That's driving CTR now too. - It is, 100%. I roast a lot of people who like have boring first five seconds, it's brutal. Your title and thumbnail set expectations and at the very beginning of the video to minimize dropoff, you want to assure them that those expectations are being met. If you click on a video where you know of his, where it's like Tether is a scam and then at the very beginning he starts talking about literally anything else, then you are like, oh this is bull, this isn't what I clicked on. But if at the very start of the video you go, Tether is a scam and I'm gonna teach you why, then it's like okay, you match the expectations. So at the very beginning match the expectations and then you wanna exceed them. So you wanna assure people that what they clicked on is what they're getting and then blow their mind and be like, but you're also getting even more. That's how you lower drop off. Which a lot of people, sometimes it takes them like 20 seconds to really meet the expectations and so you lose, like that's where you're gonna lose everyone. Everyone's video start like this and then it levels off. So you wanna reduce the amount of people that click off on the audience retention graph. I hope you're popping up graphs while I'm saying this. So it's easier for people to visualize. We really should drill this home because like the number one thing is like retaining as many people as possible at the start. 'Cause like envision a chart where you lose 35% of your viewers in the first 30 seconds and then envision one where you only lose 20%, that's 15% more people that are watching you know, throughout the video than not. And it's not like you made the whole video like a bunch better. You just had a more strategic intro that hooked them. I'm showing to put this into words and like to really impose how important that is. But like that 15% difference in viewership really does make the difference between hypothetically like 2 million views on a video and like 10 in my head, the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video, like. - I can almost, I think I can quote it, I tied up an FBI agent and I have 100 thousand dollars of this bag. Here's a knife, good luck. And I just run away. - Like it gives you everything you need. - No wasted words. Short, concise, and then tension. You basically wanna remove every dull moment. You probably want to find the 10 most critical people you know, make them watch the video and just roast it. You know, certain things like, if I just talk to a camera for 10 seconds without a cut, like a lot of people will just like get bored or they'll lose interest. So like having a B cam and a C cam and just, you can just talk for 10 seconds but three seconds in cutting to a B cam and then a C cam, like now it's more interesting even though it's essentially the same thing and not that crazy. But you wanna have good pacing, typically having a payoff at the end, keep some, right? Last to leave the circle wins 10 grand. If there is a low moment halfway through you're gonna watch to the end 'cause you wanna see who wins the 10 grand. So having a good payoff at the end. - [Interviewer] How do you keep viewers watching and you know, happy with the video? - I would say just give them why they clicked. Tell them why they should watch and then just stick on topic. Like that right there isn't even super complex but I would already put you in the upper echelon of YouTube. Like it's hard for a lot of people, people for whatever reason, like they just drag it out. A lot of log channels do it. It's like eating 100 dollars ice cream and they'll be like, I'm going to eat 100 dollars ice cream but first and then it's like earlier in the day and it's just stuff that has nothing to do with what you clicked on. It's like them birthday shopping for their mom and it's like that's not why I came here. - Now if you're looking to grow your YouTube channel, I gotta tell you about this before we get into the rest of MrBeast's genius advice and that is that we at Think Media are doing a free YouTube challenge to help you grow your first 1000 subscribers on YouTube or make your first $1,000 on YouTube. To sign up for free, all you have to do is go to Tube1KChallenge.com or check out the link down in our description during this free challenge, Sean Cannell, the founder of Think Media, is gonna be showing you guys how to grow your YouTube channels and make money online with YouTube. So click on the link to sign up today or to check out when our next challenge is gonna be. Okay, let's get back into the video. - What's interesting is the longer people watch something, the more likely they are to keep watching. So you don't have to try as hard in the hypothetically back half of a video as you do it in the front. Like even right now, we're so deep into this where a lot of people listening are probably just gonna keep listening relatively close to the end unless we just have a really boring part of this conversation. 'Cause they're just in it, they're immersed. And so a big like, to really boil it down to a simple level, you just want to get people where they're immersed in the content and then just kind of hold them there. The thing is, it's all knowledge. It really is. And like every time I say this, people debate it to the end of time on Twitter, but I don't care. Like I could start a new channel tomorrow with not using my face or my voice like without ever promoting it and in six months have 20 million subscribers. I just could, yeah, it's purely knowledge. Like if you knew what I knew, you could get 10 million views of video and you could get 10 million subscribers no matter where you are right now within six months. It really is just knowledge. And I could already tell you 90% of the people watching, they don't, they don't agree with that. They don't. And everyone has excuses and they're always like, nah, YouTube just doesn't work like that, Jimmy, you don't understand. But I mentor a lot of people. I see it even to this day, I still see it all the time. It is possible. It is simply knowledge and the second you accept that it is knowledge and you start your, for me, 10,000 day journey of learning, for you, whatever it is, if you want to be less hardcore but, and like actually figuring out, you know, what makes a good video, what does my audience want, how can I elevate? And then you take that knowledge and you just, you just assume that I will never understand what the perfect video is and every single day I just need to be devoted to learning as much as possible and improving as much as possible. And I gotta prove every video as much as I can. Then, there you go. There are tons of viral ideas that people can do that don't require money. It does not require money to go viral. Like at one point, one of my most few videos was like spending 24 hours in a desert, we just grabbed a tent, some stuff and we went in the desert and it got like 60, 70 million views. I have so many videos where we spent hardly any money, like the no food one or I'd have to pull up the channel and go through it that have gotten tens of millions of views and they would've gotten 10 plus million views even on a small channel. So people who say, oh well, I could be MrBeast if I had money. Well, A, I didn't start off with money, I was poor, I had no money and it took me like seven years just to buy a camera saving up from YouTube and B, some of our most reviews literally, like anyone can do. The best way to get views in my opinion, I think it's better to really, really focus on quality. If you're a very small YouTuber and you can upload a video a day and like all the videos be average and like none of those videos will really stand out. None of it's like epic enough where like the algorithm's gonna go, oh this video, like this video is good. Like we need to spread it, feel like a lot of small YouTubers they just post like videos that aren't bad but they're not great and they just do that and none of them ever pop off so they never get an audience where it might be better to like, you know, upload half or a third or even like a fifth of the videos but make the videos you upload so freaking good that like the algorithm has to promote it and that, you know, it has to find audiences for it, 'cause it's such an interesting and good video, when you like set a consistent schedule and you're constantly having to upload videos that aren't as good as you'd like because you gotta hit, oh this Monday, I said I'd upload every Monday. You know like that's a dangerous trap because then you know, the viewers notice that the quality isn't as good and it makes them less likely to watch. And I think it hurts your longevity. A lot of times people, oh boy, it's like they think their videos are better than they are, honestly and that... - Tell them Jimmy, tell them. - I mean they do and you have to like, you have to, that and they have horrible friend groups 'cause you really are like the type of YouTubers you hang around. And so like a lot of times I'm just like, what you're saying is wrong, who told you this? They're like, oh, this guy, this guy. And it's like, well they're wrong. It's not true. You, there's no such thing as a perfect video. Like someone should always call you and... It on your video 'cause it could be better. Like that's because imagine if someone does that every video and you upload 100s, if not 1,000 videos over the next 10 years and every single time someone's critiquing you and you're applying what they're critiquing. Like imagine the compound effect. Over that time span. It's invaluable. People think it's like, oh well, it's all like CTR and stuff like that. But a big thing that everyone... Underestimates is it's, what was your experience with your last video? If people loved your, the last video of yours that they watched, they're more likely to watch your next one. For the YouTubers watching this, when people watch your video they go, okay, that was good but like, that's enough of you for the day. Like it was all right, right? Whereas what you want is them to go, holy crap, that was crazy. Oh my god, what's that? Holy crap. That was crazy. Oh my god. And they just, and they watched 10 videos. That's what you're going for. That data can't describe and like I don't, I've never heard anyone talk about that but that, that is it. That's how you get these high view counts because people watch 10 videos, not one, you know? It's okay to draw inspiration for me but just don't do what I do to a T. - It's not like $1 versus blank. - I'm the first person to do it but I just, you know, saw that format and I was just like, how can I do that 100 times better? - Right. - How can I put 100 times more creativity into it? How can I level up the editing by 100 times? How can I spend 100 blah, blah, blah. - And that's always my mindset. How can I, like if I get inspired by something, how can I do that but 100 times better and make it my own? Whereas a lot of people are just like, oh MrBeast did that, I'm just gonna do it. - [Interviewer] Yeah, how do I make a good thumbnail? How do I get people to click my video? - [MrBeast] You want it to be simple. You want them to be able to, like when they're scrolling through their suggested or homepage or whatever touch point, you want them to instantly be able to understand what you're conveying and you want them to feel some type of emotion. You know what I mean? The way I like to phrase it is, you wanna make it so interesting or spike their curiosity or whatever emotion so much that like if they don't click it, they'll wonder, you know, when they're, before they go to bed, like what happened? Like, an example would be like if you uploaded a video, I rode a skateboard with 1000 other people on it and like people are falling off the side or whatever and I'm envisioning like a giant skateboard and people are like hanging on the side of it. Maybe it's like about to go off a big ramp. If you don't click that, you're gonna like be so curious, it's gonna be on your mind, you know? Later in the day when you're daydreaming, you're gonna think like, huh, what happened? What happened to those thousand people on that skateboard? That's kind of a mindset I think you should have when making thumbnails. - How often do you change a thumbnail on a video? Is that something, do you usually just stick with one or you try different one? - Well, so I think we, we get better at making thumbnails every year. So it's more, when I upload a thumbnail I usually think it's good and I don't change it most of the time, but what happens is like three years later I look back and I'm like, oh that's a horrible thumbnail. And so it's usually like every two years we just go back and update a lot of our older thumbnails just 'cause they're terrible. Just with like the new knowledge we have and what we've learned. And funny enough, that actually usually does help quite a bit when we update the thumbnails on old videos that they usually do see a little bit of an uptake 'cause they're just, you know, if we take an old thumbnail where it's like seeing if whatever, like 1,000, 100,000 mattresses can stop a car and it just looks terrible. And then with the new stuff I know we zoom in a little bit so it's a little more visible and make things look better. Then magically it starts doing a little bit better. 'Cause now people actually understand what it is. 'cause I'm not as much of an idiot anymore. In 10 years, YouTube's gonna be bigger than television ever was for culture in America, at least in my opinion. And so I think a lot of people underestimate that and people, I don't think people really understand just how like, to be a, one of the top creators on the biggest social media platform and that and that will also be the biggest in 10 years during that whole time. Like the amount of value and how crazy that is. Like you don't need a network, you don't need, you know, to go through people. You just are, you can and you can do whatever you want and you can influence people how you want. It's just wild. It's mind blowing. And you can leverage that to build businesses or you know, like do things like Beast Philanthropy or whatever. I think like people don't realize just how much influence the top YouTube channels have. No one's ever gonna do what I do better than me. Like it's just not, it's not even humanly possible. Like I reinvest every penny I make. - I work every hour I'm awake, I devote every atom in my brain to solving this. I hire the best people on the planet. I've been doing this for 14 years and I think in decades, not years. So I'm gonna be doing this for another 20, 30 years, not two or three. So no, the next me isn't gonna be me because no one's gonna do It's not possible. If I thought someone was doing better than me, I'd just start sleeping less so I could work even more. Like I'd figure it out, I don't get... - The barrier to entry to be you is extremely high. - Yeah. - Right? Especially where you're at now. - Well it's 'cause I'm all in. I'm crazy. Like people shouldn't be me. I don't have a life, I don't have work life balance. I, my personality, my soul, my being is making the best videos possible, entertaining my fans as best as I can. Like that is why I exist on this planet. And I don't recommend it. You know, mean like, you should have work-life balance. You should not devote your entire life to this one thing. Like go have fun. Like, you know, I'm miserable a lot of times I have a mental breakdown every other week 'cause I push myself so hard. Like I don't recommend it, you know? - What do you think gets us to a million subscribers? - Well, subscribers is an arbitrary, so a million that doesn't matter. - A million views of videos. - You should ask me what helps us make the best videos possible. That's the only question you should ask me. Subscribers don't matter. Views don't matter. I mean they do. - But all that comes, everything you... Want as a creator comes from making the best videos possible and thumbnails. But it's easier to, you know, make thumbnails, the video part's the hard part. And that's the thing that you're known for. Ask how can I make my videos better? Do that every single day for years. And then you'll probably get views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [422 likes]: What was your favorite take away from this video? Let us know below ⬇
📈 Want to break through on YouTube? Join our FREE 3-Day YouTube Growth Sprint for the ultimate plan to start getting views and grow your channel fast! ➡ http://YTSprint.com/
  2. @Firegod-Gaming1 [1 likes]: 🔥
  3. @MssJoker1 [1 likes]: When I  made my Youtube channel many years ago, I did not even planned to uploading videos for others to watch and becoming a youtuber or something. I just uploaded them because for myself to watch them later. But it is a very good thing if someone has talent to become a real Youtuber and making really interesting and enjoyable videos what other people enjoys to watch. I know exactly that I'm not too creative and I do not know how to edit videos, cut and attach them. So I do not even expect that anyone will ever subscribe to my channel. LOL
  4. @Memoshawi: Great
  5. @Benjibm: I posted my first short today! I gained my first 1 subscriber! I’m so happy 🎉.. haha x
  6. @TrulyElite-r: I believe l will go viral
  7. @DJ.P.Murray11: 30 subscribers here❤❤❤❤
  8. @AlvinaGachuguEnt: I started on YouTube in 2011...
Consistency has been my biggest issue.
Hopefully, this year, I make it right.
I've improved... immensely.
  9. @zeorankz: Wow
  10. @citcotyoB: i wanna give up, but this got reccomeneded, that means i can't give up
  11. @Queeniedreamy1: I’m on 443  quite happy  about it
  12. @adjlist: Get to work and start uploading. Create create create.
  13. @stronghousewife: 39 subscriber 😢
  14. @VenomBoyzGarage: Mr beast a pitt county boy making NC look good i have a small channel next county over in martin ...Would love to pick his brain on how to grow maybe get bigger an we can do something together for charity as eastern NC Boyz...
  15. @Richboss1-l5i: Amazing video I think this is the most interesting video I ever watched great encouragement u give me hope that I can continue to my dreams to make this become my biggest income
  16. @Richboss1-l5i: Wow thanks you so much for the update on how to become a better YouTuber 😮😊
  17. @CommentChaos_1: Good advise
  18. @TheSparkCinema1: Thanks brother ❤
  19. @ToonedOut-o1u: ❤❤
  20. @diamondoma247: If funny how I’m just seeing the advice now😂, I know that I’m not alone in this😂.

- The Thumbnail Formula Behind MrBeast’s 24-Hour Explosions: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know that Mr. Beast changes the thumbnail of his video more than three to four times within 14 days or even sometimes a month of every upload that's on every of his video. And this trick is helping him bring in a whole lot of millions of views every single time. And most people don't even know that this is happening on that channel because you are used to it. I take my time to study Mr. beast and his video and his channel research about it and learn why their videos are doing well and how I can pick out some points that can help you that is watching that you can apply to your own channel and be able to get momentum get at least even if it's 1% of views that that channel is bringing in every single day at least YouTube also deserves some views you deserve some attention on your videos because I know you're working hard to make those videos so it will feel so bad that you put in a whole lot of work to make a video valuable and good and at the end of the day you won't get any views. I can be able to break his thumbnail strategy down for you so that by your next upload you can apply these things and see changes on your videos. I hope you have your pen and paper because I'll be dropping some of points from these strategies, okay? Because I already make some notes on them during this research. the things I got and the things I find out. Let's dive in into the video. So, the first strategy that the Mr. Beast team uses to design their thumbnails to make it stand out on my note here is single clear subject. Single clear subject. What does this imply? Now, every thumbnail has one obvious focal point. Okay? Usually Mr. Beast or one giant object. So no clutter or confusion. So what this means is that for every of their thumbnail they always have what they are focusing on. Usually is always Mr. Beasty. You always see that his image is always bold there either in the middle or on the left or right side of the thumbnail. Most of the time too also they use a giant object. Maybe they can use a very weird giant car or a train or something that looks weird so that when you are scrolling on YouTube immediately you see the object either Mr. Beast or any other thing they put there you'll just be shocked. You'll just be is going to hit a point in your brain and you'll be like what is going to hit your curiosity angle and you're going to be like what is this? you want to know. The second point on my note is extreme visual contrast. Okay, when we talk about extreme visual contrast, it has to do with bright color plus strong lightning and subjects pop hard from the background. Now, what this means is that the the terminal team always used bright colors, okay? To make sure that everything on the thumbnail pops out very well. So when you are choosing your color, when you're choosing colors for your thumbnail, you need to make sure that the color you're choosing goes hand inhand with the topic with your channel brand, okay? With whatever you're doing. If you check what you see that Mr. Beast thumbnails, the the brand itself always uses either light blue or maybe sky blue or red or something like that. You need to make sure that you're choosing a strong color and this also can actually affect your brand identity. That will also help you to choose the right brand identity so that when your people see your videos, they already know, okay, this is this guy's video, this is Mr. A's video or Mr. Beast video. And when you choose color, you need to make sure that it's clear, bright, and strong. There should also be strong lightning wherever you're taking the image, the picture, or anything that you're going to be using for your thumbnail, either your image or any other image, an angle of something, or you need to be bright and strong lightning. That means everything on the image should be popped out. It should be popping out. The subject should pop hard. Okay? It should be able to be seen. Okay? If they are images, you might actually make some shadow from their back or around the image to make sure that that particular object or the image or anything is popping so hard from the background and the lightning is focused on either the image or the subject or the object that is on the thumbnail that you want people to see first. Whatever that you want people to focus on the lightning and everything should be more focused on that and the background and every other thing should be behind it. Okay, you can kind of blur them a little bit. Now the next thing there on our book is u emotion equals clicks. Emotion equals clicks. Now how do Mr. Beast team use emotion on their thumbnails? face shows exaggerated emotions. Sometimes or most of the time, Mr. Beast's face, which is the main focal point for the channel, always show exaggerated expressions or exaggerated emotions, something like shock, excitement, fear, joy. Whenever you're designing your thumbnail, your thumbnail should always show an exaggerated facial expression or emotion. It can be joy. If you're talking about something that is maybe exciting, if you're making videos on crime or fear, that fear should be on your face. People should see that fear, that emotion immediately someone is scrolling through, they should see that fear in you. Now, if it's something that has to do with excitement, maybe unboxing, exciting news or something, they should see joy, that emotion. They should see joy on your face. They should see joy on your face or your body language. You should see that excitement in you. Emotions connect with emotions. Okay? When someone is scrolling and they see someone that is crying, they will likely stop to know why why is this person crying? Then they will now have to read the title of the video and all the things. So your thumbnail should actually convey an emotion that will help people to stop that will make people to stop that will force people to stop scrolling to know what is going on. Your video can also be shock depending on the kind of video you're making. Okay? If you're doing something that has to do with maybe you discovered something, you can use shock. But make sure that every single time there is an emotion on your thumbnail. You always see Mr. Beast either when he's laughing, when he's uh smiling, when he is in shock, when he is in fear, when he's excited. You always see all these things in every single of his thumbnail just like the ones that are popping on on the screen right now. Okay? You can always see this every single time. That is what we mean by emotion equals clicks. Emotion is readable even on a tiny phone screen. When you're designing your thumbnails, you need to always put in mind that not everyone is going to be scrolling through your videos or going to see your videos on an iPad or a TV. We have different devices. Some people are going to see it on their PC. Some are going to see it on their laptop. Some are going to see it on TV or iPad or smartphones. Okay. And emotion is also very very readable on a tiny phone screen. At least when that emotion is being conveyed there, people can actually see it immediately on smartphones for a tiny screen. That is why emotion is very very necessary. The fourth point on our note here is um big visual ideas instantly. So Mr. This team always use big visual idea instantly. What we mean by this is the core video idea is understandable in under 1 second without reading the title. Let me take that again. They make sure that the core video idea is understandable in under 1 second without reading the title. This is another important part of designing a thumbnail that is going to actually affect your video. How do you make a thumbnail? very very intriguing and very very good that in under one second someone understand the whole message of the thumbnail without actually the thumbnail giving away the whole secret or the whole value and what this means is that for example like some of the videos that Mr. B has done in the past. You can see a video he did where 30 celebrities fought for $1 million or 50 streamers fought for $1 million. And if you see it, you see that actually he locks these people in. By you seeing thumbnail, you already know that these people are trapped in a circle or trapped in a place. You can see that in their faces. You can see that just looking at the thumbnail, you know that okay, these people are trapped and they are struggling for something. That is another important thing about big visual idea instantly. So people actually in under few seconds they already know what this is all about. Like the one you say the last person to leave a grocery store keeps some part of money or some money or something like that. You already see that people are exhausted. People are hanging all over everywhere and they are really really exhausted. You'll see that they are trapped. That is what we mean by big visual idea instantly. Now, how does this apply to you? When you are designing your own thumbnail, you need to make sure that the thumbnail has something that is communicating. For example, you're doing unboxing videos. You can design your thumbnail in a way that you can be on one side and maybe there is a pack or the the the carton or the pack of the thing you are trying to unbox is there. And maybe you can make sure in a make it in a way that you're trying to open the box and your face your eyeballs are just kind of popping out and you're so excited, your mouth is open and you are kind of that expression of someone who is surprised or shocked to see something. You can ask your designer or someone to make it in a way that that box has some lightning on it or something that shows as if something very very treasurable or something very surprising is popping out from there. These are just tweaks in a way that will help someone that is scrolling so fast to be able to stop and understand, okay, this is an unboxing video and maybe there is something very important that this person is unboxing. And when they stop because of that visual attraction, they will stop. Then when they stop is now when they're going to have time to read the title and want to click on the video. So if your thumbnail doesn't stop them from scrolling, they won't have the time to read your title or anything. That is why thumbnails play more than 80% role in getting your video popped out and getting virality. So thumbnail is very very important. Now the fifth point here in our notebook, simple backgrounds. That is one thing that Mr. Beast and his team are doing very very good. They use simple background. And what we mean by this is backgrounds are blurred, darkened or simplified so the men's subject stands out. So when you are some people make the mistake of making the background the main focal point. There is a whole lot going on on your background that kills the standard of your thumbnail. When there is a whole lot going on on the background, people won't even understand. They won't even know what to focus on. You have this one over here, you have the other one over here, you have something going on over here, a whole lot of chaos going on on your thumbnail. If is something that aged people or people in their 50s, 60s or something are watching, it's going to be very difficult for them to identify what the message you're trying to convey. Okay, that is why using simple backgrounds is very very necessary. is either you blur it, you blur the background and make sure that the lightning and the main focus on every other thing that is popping that is brighter that is more this thing is on the image of the person either the subject or the object or something and you can darken the background you can blur it and you can simplify it in a way that it's very easy the next thing there is impossible or extreme objects these are another thing that Mr. This team is always doing so well. They use a giant money pile, huge circle, luxury houses, private island, insane setups. Thumbnail visually screams high stakes. Now, what we mean by impossible or extreme objects in Mr. these thumbnails is either they use uh a circle, maybe a red circle or a private jet, an expensive item, an extremely deadly, not too deadly, but something that looks extra, something that looks extra or extreme or impossible. It's either they use someone that is climbing from a very high mountain or something that you don't usually see everywhere. They always use that. They always make sure that they use something that you don't usually see. Talking about this simple or extreme object, I have to share with you something that Mr. Beast himself shared during one of his podcasts that he was being interviewed. He gave out a very important highlevel strategy on designing thumbnails. He gave an example of a scenario. He said, "Imagine you are driving right now and you drive past a cow that is crossing the road or that is walking on the other side of the road. It's just a normal car, right? because you know this is a cow and he's a normal cow, you won't pay attention to it. You won't even have time to look at it twice or something, right? Because you know, okay, this is a cow and he's walking on the other side of the road. So, there's no big deal there. So, this is the way it's going to feel like when you design a thumbnail with something that is something that people already know when they see your thumbnail because there is nothing impossible, there is nothing extreme, there is nothing that stands out on your thumbnail. They'll be like, "Okay, this is just a normal YouTube video." Yeah, they're going to classify it and put it in the category of normal videos. They're not going to put it as something that needs their attention right now. They're not going to put it on the uh emergency category or urgency category. But for you to put your video on the urgency category, Mr. Beast gave another extreme example. He said, "Imagine if you're driving and you see a pink cow that is crossing the road or that is walking on the other side of the road. Pink cow." What? When he said that, I was like, "Oh my god, this guy is very, very smart." You are driving and you see a normal cow. It's no big deal. It's the same thing we see. We know it's a cow. We see it every time. You're driving and you see a pink cow or a red cow or a blue cow. Why? You're going to be like, "Wait, wait. What is that?" You're going to have to look twice to actually confirm that that is actually a pink cow, right? You're going to be like, why is the cow pink? You're going to start asking questions and that is when your curiosity starts coming up. They have already locked in into your curiosity machine or engine. So he said if you see a pink cow on the road, you must and you will look at it twice because it is extreme because it is impossible. There is no pink cow anywhere. Now you'll see one on the road. You'll be like, why is this cow pink? You start asking question. You might even stop to actually look at it very well to confirm that this is actually a pink car. And when you do that, they have gotten your attention. Now that is the same way people is someone is going to react to your thumbnail when you put something that is impossible. People are going to be like, "Oh, wait. What? What is this? What is he trying to say? What is this? I've not seen that before." Another thing that is very very iconic in this example is that remember the example he gave he used a cow. Now what this does is that people already know this is a cow. It's not just something like maybe an alien or something from out of the book or from an impossible place. People already know this is a cow. Now the problem is that the cow is not pink. That is where the curiosity comes in. Okay. The question comes in. Why is the cow pink? Who made it pink? And why did they make it pink? Okay, people want to know. People are curious. Now you have locked in or you have unlocked that person curiosity machine and they want to know. And when someone start asking questions after seeing your video because of your thumbnail, someone sees your thumbnail and they start asking questions, they will likely click on the video. So that is what we mean by impossible or extreme objects. Very very necessary. The next one is minimal or no text. Now, if you're using minimal or no text, you see that Mr. Beast, it really relies on words. The image itself tells the story. Now, for some channels, you don't need a whole lot of words, a whole lot of text on your thumbnail, depending on what you're doing. For someone like Mr. Beast, he tells the whole story from the thumbnail, from the image. either people that are running or a giant that is fighting a machine pile of money or people that is struggling to come out of a trap or someone that is trapped in the wilderness or in the museum or in a deadly place or something or in a snake snake island or something. Once you see the image, the whole story is being told right there. But if you have to use text, you need to make sure that the text you're using completes the title of the video. Your text shouldn't be saying a different thing. Title is saying a different thing altogether. You need to make sure that your text on your thumbnail completes the title of the video. Just like this video you're just watching now. On the thumbnail you see Mr. Beast thumbnail secret. And on the title you will see yeah why every Mr. Beast video blows up in 24 hours. Now this is completion. Once they see the text on your thumbnail, the title should complete it. The text should complete the title. That is if you have to use text on your thumbnails. Okay. The text should have power. The text should command something should convey something that will make the person that is scrolling to stop. Now the next thing on the list high stakes visual story. You can see a situation happening. Challenge danger choices risk reward in a single frame. Okay. This is something that Mr. always does when he's doing the video of trapped in a red circle, trapped in a cell or trapped in a snake island or something. You see that in that one frame, the whole story is in the frame and it's not so chaotic. It's always straight to the point focused on the main object. Now, the next thing on the list is human versus object composition. What this means is very common layout. Mr. Beast on one side reacting to either a huge object, a huge price or a challenge on the other side. They always use this. Sometimes you see Mr. Be's reacting to some people that are fighting, maybe dragging to compete for something or people that are competing for a price pool, usually $200,000, $1 million and the rest. This is something that is very, very important too. You can actually try it out on your thumbnail. Now, the last thing on our list is clean, polished, almost CGI look. Let me say that again. Clean, polished, almost CGI look. This is something that you see every single time on Mr. Beast videos. You see heavy editing, color grading, sharpening, glow effects. Everything looks hyper real and premium. We can't overemphasize on this thing. Making sure that your thumbnail is very very clean. Especially when you're working on videos that if you're a creator that you're working on videos that have to do with modern things, you're doing unboxing video or you're doing a vlog or you're doing how-to videos, you need to make sure that the thumbnail is very very clean. The standard should be almost 4K or 8K quality. You need to be clean. need to be polished and it needs to be hyper premium. The images there need to be sharp clean. The text and font style should be sharp and clean, readable and very very popping in a way that it's premium. Because if your thumbnail is looking so shabby, looking so old, looking so weird, they say the text on it is looking so unprofessional, the color gradings are looking so unprofessional. The choice of visuals, subject, and objects on the frame, it's looking so unprofessional and so cheap and so bad. Nobody's going to click on the video. Especially if you are building a personal brand, unless you're working with you're working, maybe you're making videos as a faceless YouTuber. But if you're doing a first YouTube channel, huh, it's going to be so bad. Even if your video is low quality, you need to make sure that the thumbnail is very hyper good and clean because that is the first thing that people sees and that is the first thing that attracts people to clicking on your video. It needs to be good. Okay? Spend time to get a good clean picture of yourself. if you're using yourself on the thumbnail. Now, make sure it's clean, very much premium, and make sure that everything stands out. Everything is polished, popping, and clean. Okay, we've talked a whole lot about these things. So, all these things I just mentioned right now are the things I've actually analyzed and I've actually learned and identified from Mr. Beast thumbnails. Okay? And I hope that this thing is going to help you and I hope that you can actually apply some of these things to your own videos to make sure that it stands out and make sure that it is worth your time, okay? Because I know you work so hard to make those videos and it will be so bad that nobody's clicking on it. Having a good thumbnail can be compared to a chef that put in a whole lot of time and hours make a very good meal. Okay. If the meal is not well presentable or is not well arranged on the plates based on the way that the chef is going to place the food, the items on the plate and everything, if it's not clean and good, it won't attract anybody to touch it. If the food is looking so bad and so grossy and so bad, nobody's going to want to touch the food. even though the food is so sweet and so good but if it's not presentable on the plates because we first of all have interest on something from our eye from the look. So if you look at the food and the food is looking so bad you're going to lose appetite immediately. So, but if the food is looking so good, so attractive, the chicken and everything is just popping and so grilled, so golden brown and everything, you start having so much interest to touch the food. The same thing applies to your thumbnails. If your thumbnails are so good, so well strategized, people will click on it. I hope you see that you don't just wake up one day and start designing thumbnails. These are the things that imagine a huge company like Mr. Beast brand on YouTube. These are the things they put in place. These are the strategies. These are the points that they check out or check off every single time they're designing their thumbnails. And like I said before, they also do test on their thumbnails. They can design up to three to four thumbnails for a particular video. They design at least three to four or five for a particular video. and they make a choice of which one that performs well and they can put the first one after 2 to three days they monitor it and see how it's performing they can change it to the next one and if that one is not working well they also change it I've actually seen some Mr. this video. Sometimes they change some thumbnails after a week, after a month, after 6 months, even after a year. Yes, I've seen that because I've always been following the channel and it's my best channel and I always follow it every single time. So, I pay attention to every single detail of whatever that is going on on that channel and I learn a lot from it. So, I hope you've actually gotten some value. If you want to get more value and if you want to know more on how Mr. beast company is doing and their videos, many other things they are putting in place to stand out as the greatest channels on YouTube right now. You might actually want to subscribe to this channel because I'll be breaking down different angles of their video, of their creation, of how they make these videos and different other things so that you can take some particles of it to make your own video better. I know this video has been so long, but I hope it's valuable and I hope you learned something from it. Thank you for joining me and always I am Zeno the great and always here to help you learn something about YouTube growth. Have fun, share your views, share whatever you want on the comment section. And if there are some other areas you want to learn about Mr. Beast videos or different other angles on YouTube, you can drop it on the comment section. I might you never know that might be my next video. So make sure you are learning. I love you guys and I want you to succeed on YouTube too.

- How To Make a MrBeast Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en if you're familiar with Mr Beast and his YouTube channel allow me to assume that at least once you have stopped for a second before clicking on the video just to look at the thumbnail and admire its excellent execution you see it as a thumbnail designer I usually appreciate the thumbnail more than the video itself so I wanted to test my skills and try to recreate one of Mr BEAST's thumbnails I survived 50 hours in Antarctica as his latest video and yes you're right I will try to successfully recreate this thumbnail from scratch with my own assets spoiler alert I did it but before I show you the finished product let me explain how I did it first I analyzed the original thumbnail and divided it into five layers the closest object to camera is the iceberg Jimmy is holding onto it's layer number one layer number two is Jimmy's body layer number three is the ocean with five icebergs spread around then we have snowy mountains and distance and layer number five is just the Blue Sky of the little touch of white clouds also while we're here it's worth noting how beautifully the depth perception is visible in this thumbnail this was achieved by making the elements closer to the camera bigger and as we move further away from the camera elements gradually become smaller and this creates a realistic depth perception anyway knowing these things prior to starting with my own thumbnail helped a lot in the process because I knew which assets to collect before embarking on this journey so I got in touch with our beautiful friend called the internet and asked for those assets hey boss can you provide me with some assets for this Mr Beast thumbnail remake I'm doing happy to help you brother give me an hour and I'll send you some stuff internet was very helpful and provided me with some great materials I had everything I needed except for one thing I didn't have the model that was going to replace Mr Beast so I messaged one of my friends hey Z would you like to be a Walmart version of Mr Beast hey boss [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah this is on my bucket list what do I need to do it's simple put a winter jacket on lay with your chest on the kitchen table reach out with your right hand for the camera and act with your face like you're in grave danger think you can pull it off I was born for this and 10 minutes later he sent me this it will need some adjustments but it's a great starting point so let's explain the thumbnail process for first we create a new Photoshop project with dimensions of 1920 by 1080 pixels then we cut out our friend from his photo and place him inside the newly created project we want the position of all elements to be as close as possible to the original thumbnail so we start matching the body position of our main character if you split the thumbnail in half and draw a straight vertical line Mr Beast eye is right at the middle and that's exactly what we're going for with our Walmart Mr Beast we then draw the shape of the iceberg Mr Beast is holding on to in the original thumbnail and place it underneath our friend this way he gets the initial contact with the ground and it will be easier for us to move around his arms to match the original position then we add some snow texture on the iceberg and continue working on his arms we make a cut out of each arm and position them closer to the body as well as make them smaller so they match the size of Mr BEAST's arms then we delete the arms that are sticking out and brighten up everything using puppet warp tool we further adjust the positioning of his left arm and the fingers of his right hand we fixed the jacket connection on his left shoulder and then add the contact Shadow to make it more realistic we remove the parts of his thumb that's sticking out and fix this weird straight line that's inside his palm now that we have the body position in place let's import all the background elements we start with the water and make it brighter then change the color of it to more vibrant blue we then create a similar looking blue gradient that's going to be used as a sky and add some white clouds on top of it next we add the big Iceberg Hill on the right side cut it out and apply three different adjustment layers first one turns it into black and white because we don't want to deal with any colors second one is to make sure everything is nicely white and correctly exposed and third one turns all the Shadows into light blue color in case you haven't noticed most of the Shadows in the original thumbnail are not black or dark gray but rather light blue we continue with the right side by adding a second Iceberg and cutting it out considering the exposure fits right into the scene we just need to make sure the Shadows are light blue to finish with the elements on the right side we add the middle Iceberg and apply the same effects we apply to the iceberg Hill black and white correct exposure light blue Shadows moving on to the left side we'll add yet another Iceberg completely remove the baby seal cut out the sky and then apply pretty much the same effects color the Shadows light blue and make them brighter and just slightly enhance the shadow effect below the iceberg same thing happens to the next and also last iceberg in this scene add it cut it out make it brighter enhance Shadows add Shadows fix the shape because it looks nothing like the one in the original thumbnail and then finish with the left side by making the mountain smaller which will make the depth perception more realistic before we move on to our main subject let's add some more snow texture on the surface he's holding onto and you guessed it we once again brighten it up and change the shadow color but in addition to it this time we paint in some Edge elements to add more depth to it and we add a subtle Shadow below his left hand nice let's fully focus on the Walmart Mr Beast now first and arguably the biggest change will be color in the jacket to Red this is what you came here for and you're about to see the change now and there you go it's done thank you for watching just kidding we're not done yet now we'll take a piece of jacket from his left arm and place it in this spy here because it just looks weird and messy and it's crying to be fixed much better gausser seems to be crying for some Shadow now wow next we'll make sure the blacks are really black and then change the skin tone color more towards magenta just like in the original then we'll apply the techniques of dodging and burning and we'll further burn the areas around his nose eyes and cheeks we'll also add a slight tone of red color on these places so later when we add the snow and freeze effects on these parts there will be more contrast and it should look more believable now let's zoom into his eyes and make them slightly bigger then we'll make them pop by coloring his sclera to almost 100 white and making the iris just a little bit brighter in case you were wondering sclera is the official name for the white layer that covers most of the outside of the eyeball will also give his teeth a redecoration by making them really bright and fully white and if you take a closer look at Mr BEAST's mouth you can see his tongue is very bright and red while lips are slightly darker with purple tones we're going to apply the same effect to our thumbnail as well but you may notice how I forgot to add the purple tones so you'll have to forgive me on that happens to the best of us after this we apply a nice amount of brightening to his whole body and then we add the first bit of snow around his head we then apply some dodging and burning to both of his hands and finally add some texture inside his palm we continue by adding some more snow and white outlines around the body as well as making his fingers look like they're frozen just by coloring the sides of them white and then some more freezing effects but now in his hair too now it's time to make a proper connection between his arm and ground so we just paint out the edges with random brush until we get somewhat realistic effect which ends up looking like this we also need to color some of his fingers purple just like Mr Beast color his coming close to an end we need to add the icicles on his fingers and inside the nose we simply do that by drawing an icicle shape then apply Frozen texture to it add white outline around the edge and make it brighter after we have one icicle we just duplicate it a few times and then scale and position accordingly to top everything off we add some snow once we add some snow twice then we add the text color it white add a black stroke to it and slight Shadow and we're done

  Top Comments:
  1. @cuds [78 likes]: very interesting take
  2. @notSCB [2 likes]: is his voice ai?
  3. @Cuubiic [2 likes]: Is this voice AI generated
  4. @Ibnu.alharrani: make a full tutorial bro. we are willing to watch it even for 2 hours
  5. @Traverl-f1t: What app did you make it with?
  6. @AshanKottegoda: Thank you brother ❤
  7. @MrGTAmodsgerman: This is basically the GTA 5 ad style, the style you see on billboards and such. Weird how Mr.Beast got to use it. I am here just looking for if that style have a name.
  8. @Amirlia1383: What app did u use to create the thumbnail?
  9. @marychouvarda6875: Ironically,these fake thumbnails look like parody of Mr.Beast thumbnails.
  10. @SoundsLikeRichard: Nice job. Thanks for explaining!
  11. @mudasirrajput1212: font name of Day #2 ??
  12. @dwainosborne: You are very skilled
  13. @syedhasnain7456: hi do you need a website
  14. @Mr_sts270: Bro plese make me like this thummbil
  15. @Gorillamonkevrgtgtag: Whats the ai voice
  16. @taadn: Ok
  17. @OrangeeOfficial: Great job,, you're genius, love it
  18. @ricekids_tv: Your friend has incredible teeth
  19. @moizchughtaii: Can you please tell us which software you used to edit your thumbnail??? It'd be highly appriciated!
  20. @EpicE3G: Please do one of these videos for his new "This Room Will Explode In 10 Minutes!"

- The Evolution of Mrbeast's thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en you must flip every switch and kill all the monsters that come out this is a Minecraft mod that adds emerald armor and this is an insanely Epic Castle this is a rated YuYu battle on Pokemon Showdown what's up guys hope you're having a nice day and welcome to my project zomboid Let's Play episode one of my Minecraft let's play in the past month I've gained 140 subscribers if this video gets 1 million views I'll be happy I just hit 50,000 video views on YouTube don't mention it we're always going to use YouTube as a video sharing site 6 million views generated him around $10,000 this is my 100th video special how many YouTubers have made over a million dollars I've been uploading to YouTube for about 2 years now penguin zero actually donates all his money to charity which is pretty crazy so today we're going to be talking about YouTube I hit, 1500 Subs which is just a crazy number since I'm one of the top magecraft players I do a YouTube video or two I still get comments all the time saying there's no way YouTubers make that much money you want to learn how to get more views on your YouTube videos I just recently finished doing my research paper for school and I thought I'd give you guys some tips and tricks on how you could do yours 2 2,000 this video is going to be about my channel so if you don't really care about my channel um see you later welcome to another very original YouTube channel Mr b6000 and I realized just how unaware people are of how big the YouTube industry is how does this video have nine views but 52 comments I'm about to host a tournament called Battle of the Beast how much Pewdiepie makes off YouTube 10 years from now PewDiePie will have 117 million subscribers how to grow your channel it's simple be different 3,000 subscribers how much Pewdie Pie makes so I get requests for setup video actually that's a lie I've probably gotten like one or two all right boys so we hit 4,000 subscribers here you will find some of the greatest Call of Duty game plays this video is more for people that are passionate about YouTube not people that just do it whenever they feel like it it's funny to me how I've gotten 350,000 views but only gain 30 Twitter followers post what you want to post have fun do what you want to do on YouTube don't let other people dictate what you do oh hey my favorite YouTuber Mr Beast justed up oh my goodness he's talking about YouTube money sell the alarm when it comes to my channel name on YouTube I've always been uncertain on what I want it to be so pretty much I just spent all day taking a prep course for SATs I'm going to the beach tomorrow and I'm going to be at the beach all week I thought of talking about Crohn's disease because it's something I have I really hope when you see this I actually have 5,000 subscribers if you clicked on this video you're probably interested in buying a cheap PC that can make quality YouTube videos this is going to be a video about time when I hit 10,000 subscribers I will tell my mom that I do YouTube Jimmy Kimmel has really been bashing the YouTube gaming Community recently we have ghosts and we have advanced Warfare let's go 50% of people between the age of 18 and 29 said in a poll that they use app blocker is YouTube hard what's up guys I recently hit two million views 1643 channels have over a million subscribers today we're going to be talking about how to get active subscribers on YouTube I'm doing a giveaway what's up guys sorry about how late this video is going up and I actually have over 20,000 subscribers now I tripled my goal I'm making this video right now and I have 8K Subs hopefully and 6 months I don't still have 8K Subs I call this the Beast jacket special what's up guys thanks for 40,000 subscribers oh wait that says 50,000 today we're going to be reacting to my old Minecraft videos we're going to be blowing up this tablet dude that's crazy yesterday I was in a good mood so I bought my brother a laptop all right break it off I don't want anyone I'm 18 years old which means I can buy scratch off tickets hey future Meep it's been a year so I hope you have 50k Subs if you don't you're freaking failure in life holy crap 100,000 200,000 [Music] Arin it's about $10,000 we're going to be giving multiple homeless people $1,000 each Mr Beast Yo No Way well I want to be your number one are you serious yeah in 2 years I hope you have at least 100K Subs I want to give you a check of you pay for it can one bullet go through all these pieces of paper I don't have any cash but I got some gift cards 5 million subscribers you're the 6 million subscribers you guys know I just hit 7 million subscribers celebrating 8 million subscribers I spent $30,000 on lottery tickets this is the circle if both feet leave you're out last one of your right hands to leave the car keeps it we hit 10 million subscribers they're going to have 1 hour to spend $40,000 the more subscribers I get the more I spend PewDiePie they can't actually arrest me for not uploading today we're going to be eating the most expensive and Bizarre Foods we bought half a row of tickets right behind the field goal at the Super Bowl 39 YouTubers one giant map we are going to spend the next 24 hours in the desert you guys will be playing a game of battleships last one to step off the treadmill will get $1,000 for every mile they run we are opening the world's first free store we built a revolving door last one to keep revolving wins $20,000 so we're trying to spend 24 hours in 51 and there's a sniper in a truck looking at so me and the boys are going to spend 24 hours in a rain forest I'm itchy we are about to go through this drive-thru 1,000 times in a row last one of you to take your hand off this mini yacht keeps it today we will be planting 20 million trees me and the boys are going to spend 24 hours straight in the BR youa triangle 3 2 1 this quit equal a million dollar we are doing four last Le videos and the winners of each are competing in a fifth one for $1 million last one of you to get off the toilet gets a chance at1 million the last one of them to stop pedaling will compete for $1 million last one of you to take your hand off this million doll stack of cash keeps it the last one you found gets $60,000 anything you can fit in this circle I'll pay for it I am going to spend the next 50 hours alone in solitary confinement this is the most expensive firework in the entire world we have doggos go adopt them I bought this entire Island and the last one of you to leave this island keeps it I will be giving 1 million subscribers to one of these four small YouTubers I'm going to be giving my 40 million subscriber all 40 of these cars if I don't have a million subscribers when you see this video my entire life has been a failure I opened up the world's first free restaurant boys can you hear me yes over Bury Me a liot I tied up an FBI agent if he steals this $100,000 from me before midnight he keeps it I put 100 people inside of a giant Circle I recreated every single set from squid game in real life this is $1 million and these are 15 of the biggest creators on YouTube I recreated willly Walker's Chocolate Factory in real life I am not eating any food for the next 30 days we just hit 100 million subscribers and from the bottom of my heart thank you everyone that subscribed I rented a $1 million night hotel room I spent $2.5 million on this private jet and had 11 you Ubers put their hands on it we're about the testings that no one has ever tested before we just landed in Antarctica and we're going to survive the next 50 hours here and this video we're curing a th000 people's blindness behind me is an assassin we're going to fly on this jet that cost half a million dollar per flight behind me are 100 people I just bought this train and it is currently barreling full speed towards that giant pit over there we are now stranded on a raft in the middle of the ocean in this video we're going on a $250,000 vacation I built a giant death trap this is the most insane laser obstacle ever created this is the first of a 100 Wells we're going to build in this video I'm going to spend the next 7 Days buried alive under 20,000 lb of dirt I just bought this entire grocery store

  Top Comments:
  1. @YouTubeProTips: 👉10 minutes of genius advice from YouTube's most creative storyteller (Ryan Trahan): https://youtu.be/aOAkN9tocBk
  2. @SilusGamingWorld1: W Video
  3. @SvenDesigns: Nicely done !
  4. @josho7138: Hey YouTube Pro Tips ,I know you are going to become famous so can you remember me 😁

- @mrbeast EVOLUTION Of Epic Thumbnail design Canva tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en A good thumbnail isn't one that leaves nothing to add, but one that leaves nothing to remove. This is the decoding that people know and you don't, which is why their thumbnails get so many clicks, and you just stand there watching. You don't need to be a designer to create a professional thumbnail, but it's very important to have knowledge of these four points. After knowing these points, you'll be able to create such thumbnails from your phone very easily. Stay tuned until the end of the video. I'll show you the entire process. Number one: color combination. Now, before creating anything, it's very important to know color psychology, otherwise, even if you do everything right, you'll create something that looks bad. Color combination comes down to two things: complementary. In simple language, colors complement each other, which means they look good with each other, and we can understand this with the help of the color wheel. For example, here green and red are complementary, but blue and purple are not complementary to each other, but are contrasting. Colors are those that are opposite to each other. For example, Decoding White, L.G.R.O., and Even Truthy, all three use a red and green combination in their thumbnails. You too have to pay close attention to these two elements while creating thumbnails. Now, if you understand color psychology, let's move on to text. Which font you use in text can affect the look of your entire thumbnail. For example, you can see how changing the font has made this entire thumbnail unattractive. Now, don't make this mistake, so always use a sensory font. Now, where will you find fonts and which font to use in your thumbnails? I will explain this in the next video. Till then, let's move on to our third point, which is spacing. Now, whatever takes up the most space in your thumbnail will attract people's attention. So, you have to make sure that you have highlighted that element. You should give enough space to the topic you want to attract people's attention. If you enable your face in your thumbnail, then you will have to follow the 8020 rule, that is, you will have to show your face only in 20% of the thumbnail and reveal your topic on 80%. Similarly, you will have to give more space to the topic you want to attract people's attention comparatively to others. Now, these three points are enough to get a single click on your thumbnail, but if you want repeated clicks on your thumbnail, then for that we will have to look at the fourth point which is brand consistency. If you maintain consistency in the thumbnail of your channel, that is, your thumbnails follow the same VY, then you can very easily out-sign your competitors because by giving thumbnails, people will understand whose video it is and this will reduce their action time, that is, your videos will get clicked very quickly, due to which your CTR will increase. Now, to maintain brand consistency, you will have to maintain the same You'll need to use a color theme and font. For example, decoding your thumbnails uses a black background and white text or green text with red elements. Now, if you understand these four points, you've already worked your way up to creating a professional thumbnail. Now, before we get into the tutorial, I'd like to tell you a few more points to keep in mind. Number one is useless elements. The fewer elements in your thumbnail, the more specific and good it will look. People find such thumbnails attractive. Number two is alignment. Incorrect alignment can create a lot of space, which will ruin all your hard work. For example, you can see how significantly changing the alignment affects the thumbnail. And number three is optimizing for all devices. Your videos are going to be viewed on all types of devices, so you need to ensure that your thumbnail looks the same on all types of devices. You can do this from a website called thumbnailprev.com. You can go there and upload your thumbnail and see how it will look on different devices. Now let's move on to the tutorial. I'm going to show you how to create this thumbnail because it uses the most features. First, we'll gather all these elements. For this, we'll go to our computer browser and search for " PixelWave." In the search bar, type "black background" and download this background. After the background is downloaded, we'll go to the PNG Wing website, where we'll download a PNG of a bulb. Scroll down a bit and find the exact same PNG and download it. After this, you'll find youtube1 on this website and download it. Now, after gathering all the elements, we'll come to our editing tool, which is PixelWave. First, you'll have to delete its text and click on the three dots and go to "Image Size." In the preset, you'll see youtube1 converted to 9. After this, click on the plus icon and adjust your background. You have to add it and set its size. After doing this, you have to go to layers and lock its background so that you do not face any problem even at the time of editing. Now we have to add the graph first. So that you do not face any problem, I have given the PNG of this graph and all the graphs of decoding vati in its PNG description, you can go there and download it. After adding it, we will set its size and then go to opacity. After making its opacity 48 here, click on OK and lock this layer as well. Now we will again click on the plus icon and do our youtube0. After that, come to ANS and enable it, so that your people will get a 3D effect. Now if your element gets cut like this, then you can fix it again by increasing or decreasing its size a little. Now here in the advanced option, you have to make the bevel 100 and the intensity also 100 and reduce the light a little. After clicking on OK, now its one We'll copy it. We'll set the position of this copied logo. Then we'll go to Color Filters. Here, we'll set its saturation to 100. Now, by clicking on the plus sign again, we'll add our bulb, rotate it, and place it in the correct position. After that, we'll go to Inner Shadow and enable it. Here, we'll set the blur radius to full and choose a matching color from the Color panel. For example, I'll choose orange here. After clicking OK, we'll enable Angle and adjust the size slightly so that our element is correct. Now, in its Advanced Settings, we'll set the Bevel to 100, Intensity to 100, and Light to zero. Now, we'll make a copy of it and go to Color Filters and set its saturation to zero. Now, you can see that an outline has appeared. To remove it, we'll go to Inner Shadow and turn it off. Click OK, and our light bulb is placed in the correct place. Now, to brighten this bulb, we'll start by brightening it. For this, we will add our light PNG. After adjusting the size, go to Erase Color and from the color picker, choose black color. You have to maximize the color and increase the size so that its light spreads here and there. After clicking OK, you have to open your layers and choose the bulb in it and click on To Front, so that your light PNG will go behind the bulb. Now in layers, you will choose the color of YouTube0 and set the offset wire accordingly. After this, you have to maximize the blur radius and by clicking on this plus icon, you will drag these controls slightly to the left for a perfect effect. After clicking OK, we will go to Shadow and after enabling it, we will choose black color and maximize the blur radius. After this, we will adjust the offset wire slightly so that we get a good effect. Now, after clicking OK, you have to come out and go to Shelf and convert the square into a line. After doing this, you have to go to Opacity. And reduce the opacity. Now you can see that our thumbnail is almost ready. All that's left is to add text. We'll add text from here and set its size. After that, double-click on it and write any text we like. After doing this, you now have to choose a font. For fonts, you can go to dafont.com and after choosing Sans Arief, you can download any of these fonts. I use Sans Heavy Italic fonts on my channel. To avoid any problems downloading it, I've included a link to it in the description. You can download it there. Now you can see that your thumbnail is ready. Now we'll export it in high quality. In this tutorial, I've demonstrated the use of as many features and elements as possible, and I hope you can follow these steps to create a clickable thumbnail that will help grow your channel. Even after that if you face any problem then definitely write in the comment section, I will solve it but now the question arises whether only thumbnail is enough to go viral, then it is not like that at all, to make your channel viral like Decoding Vati, you will have to know many more points which I have explained in this video, if you are a complete beginner and are starting your new channel then do not forget to watch this video and on which topic you want the next video, definitely write in the comment section and I will definitely make a video on that.

- Out Of Context Mr Beast Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en Mr breast thumbnails if they were out of context I stole this kid's hearing aid I filled the ocean with litter hashtag teen Seas 24 hours in London challenge carpet I stole this kid's lunch money I ate plates for 30 days last to leave Epstein's Island wins ten thousand dollars I farted they found my hard drives I destroyed the economy I ate a toenail Pizza I shipped myself and die

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rzmgray_official [15 likes]: 0:11

CARPET
  2. @MemeGamerYT261 [5 likes]: “Mr b⬛️East” 💀
  3. @FurFacE_the_thumpie [3 likes]: "mr breast"💀💀💀
  4. @EnDevYT [2 likes]: the sword sounds threw me off 😂
  5. @drbrandoni4563 [2 likes]: MR BEAT
  6. @pilotjoseph-lr5zs [1 likes]: 0:09 Jack the Ripper goes too far
  7. @dutchyy-p9j [1 likes]: 'I destroyed the economy got me dead 😂🤣🤣'
  8. @Spinny64 [1 likes]: 0:13, damn, that kid probably has quite a good lunch if he’s stacking hundreds😂
  9. @TableyAnimations [1 likes]: the they found my hard drives should be. they found my search history.
  10. @ဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪoဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪဪ-g5w: london aint that bad bro 🙏🙏🙏😭😭😭
  11. @Stalinator_3000: Carpet
  12. @livingwitroaches12: Why the cringe TikTok TTS 😩🔫
Still, these are pretty funny
  13. @hi_lol1912: Eeeeeeeeeee
  14. @Sivka-fs9cz9sz9f: MR BREAST 💀💀💀
  15. @Tacoguy0000: Nah last to leave North Korea is next level
  16. @jackdavis3276: 0:18
  17. @Louiseaug: Mom dad I'm alive now
  18. @Toxxybloxxy: Carpet
  19. @JohnWicksGlock34: Mr breast💀💀💀
  20. @edcopperfoil: Carpet 🗣️🔥👨🏻‍🦯

- A secret look into Mr Beast's UNUSED thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en how many hours go into a title thumbnail that's something that for me I could sometimes spend days on a title and thumbnail well once we pick it not as many um but it's all in the front end like picking the idea is like brutal and I mean I couldn't tell you hundreds probably um and then here let me show you this so every thumbnail we do we actually do like seven versions of it's like this was for boys versus girls or 100 boys 100 girls this is like our upcoming video like two different ones uh this is for the 100 million subscriber video uh so the thumbnail we ended up going with was A1 yeah these were our backup options wow now A2 is that just a storyboard to kind of give the idea because that doesn't look like it would be the final thing right yeah these are all storyboards oh wow like this was a storyboard for the final product yeah I mean and if we went with the house because there was a house on the island we would have just like gone there shot source and recreated it and then we had an idea of me like being in a boat driving away from the island as the thumbnail

  Top Comments:
  1. @kidkenzi [1 likes]: Mr Beast got everything on lock
  2. @SamJBudd: Why there not that many comments?
  3. @blinksyt: damn im lowkey early

- Recreating a MrBeast Thumbnail in Photoshop: Kind: captions Language: en so in order to get better at making YouTube thumbnails today I'm going to be trying to recreate one of my favorite Mr B's thumbnails this one from scratch using Photoshop so looking at this thumbnail there's a lot visually going on here in the foreground we have Jimmy sort of hiding behind a brick wall looking concerned his shirt's all torn up which kind of adds a story element has always been you know doing something rough to escape these guys and to hide from them we then have the military guy right next to him peeking around the corner of that brick wall sort of looking pretty interesting expression on his face then we have the tank in that middle ground which really communicates and drives home that military aspect of the video and then right in the background just another visual interest which I've noticed Jimmy does a lot in his thumbnails is we have this Blackhawk helicopter with someone repelling down from it and overall all the colors pop really well you have the black the orange the green and then that sort of neutral sort of brown color with the blue sky in the background and really we have basically one two three four four key elements here so a lot of things I'm gonna have to Source images for but it's going to be a lot of fun and the first thing we need to do is to take a photo of myself looking concerned wearing a black shirt that I can then rip up in Photoshop so let's do that so basically with this photo I was just trying to match Jimmy's pose make sure I'm looking into the camera looking concerned and made sure that the image was well lit and to do this I used one aperture 120d Mark II and then another side light to just add some fill to make the overall image quite bright and no Dark Shadows on my face because I really wanted to match Jimmy's look here but now I have my photo so let's jump on to the computer right so I've also gone and found all the assets I need so I found this tank image on Google got a dirty sort of texture grunge that I can put on my face I found this brick wall that we can use it's a similar color and sort of that rough texture this sort of dirt ground texture which we'll use for the background the important one the army guy which is chasing me I couldn't find one that's kind of exactly the same as Mr B's thumbnail but I did find this really cool one in my opinion maybe even slightly more dramatic and slightly better one from Shutterstock and then finally just some sort of Sky texture that I can put in to make the clouds a little bit more interesting I started off by dragging the assets into Photoshop then it was time to cut them out so first off we'll take the object selection tool click select subject and the AI is going to do all the work for us we'll just come in here tidy up anything that it missed so this spot here will take that out too because we want it to be looking clean and professional and you love zooming in on Photoshop here's some great views sometimes and if you want to know how I'm deselecting all I'm doing is holding down the ALT key while using the polygon lasso tool and basically I just come in here complete the selection and it takes it away from the overall selection if you want to add to the selection hold down the shift key and that will add to the selection if it's missed anything all right now we have that selection we're just going to come down and click mask and boom he's there ready to put in where we need him I then did the same process with the rest of my assets and oh boy was my hair on point that day next up I wanted to match Mr BEAST's layout so I moved everything around until I got it just right but I forgot the helicopter so I went and found one and added it in instead of doing the opposite and instead of doing the opposite wow and instead of doing the object selection tool which is going to be really hard to cut this out you know you've got the helicopter blades which are kind of a blurry with motion blur you've got that really fine lines where the guys are pulling down it we're going to go to the blending mode and instead change it to darker color and we're just going to bump down the opacity to 71 and we might play around with levels a little bit later but you can see here now it's kind of blending in need to make it a little bit smaller there at this point the thumbnail is looking pretty so to fix that I started by adjusting the color of the bricks so it needs to be much more orange so we're going to use a hue saturation adjustment layer alt click to clip it specifically to the brick wall so I don't want it to affect the entire image just that brick wall so I'm going to come down to colorize drag this over to sort of that orange and then bump up the saturation quite a bit because Mr B saturation is is quite high for this image bring it across a little bit not too much drop down the opacity just a little bit so it Blends in that also changed the color of the cement which made it not look like a brick wall and it looks ridiculous so I needed to paint that back in on the mask using a brush tool [Music] foreign a little more Jagged as though a battle had destroyed parts of it but now I needed to fix up the photo of myself because it's looking a little rough I think the first thing we need to do is add some curves to really bring down that light because I made it a little bit too bright and I need to sort of adjust it to make it look a little bit nicer so I'm going to add a curves adjustment layer definitely alt click it so it's just applying specifically to me and to my image and I'm just going to drag down the Shadows not too much just a little bit maybe maybe there that looks pretty good but if we look at Mr BEAST's photo for his thumbnail the sort of left side of his face is in Shadow whereas mine is bright just because of how I set up my lights that was a mistake on my behalf so what can I do here well I'm going to actually paint in some Shadows using a brush so I'm just going to select a brush make the hardness zero make the size a little bit bigger make sure it's a soft round one alt select on a shadow color sort of bring it down a little bit more and I'm going to set the blend mode to multiply I'm going to clip it to the layer now with clipping you can do as many layers on top as you want you just have to make sure you click alt click and all of the layers above are all clicked and it will just apply to that one base layer so I'm just going to come in paint in that's way too much maybe 20 percent and we're just going to paint in a little bit then to match Mr Beast I made my shirt a little bit darker to really integrate myself into the image and make it look realistic I had to now add a shadow this was really easy to do just selecting a dark color off the wall and painting it on with a soft brush set to 20 opacity I made sure it was darker the closer I was to the wall to make it look more realistic finally I changed the blend mode of the layer to multiply to make it look a little bit more darker and less of that orange color I then touched up the Shadows on my face before giving myself a much needed haircut then to add a story element I needed to add some dirt to my face I did this with a simple texture image I found on Google set it to multiply and then masked it out to fit my face make it kind of you know you want it to be subtle you don't want it to be overpowering now to make my image pop and also match Mr Beast I also added a rim light and all I had to do was simply paint it on with a soft brush set to White and I always find it easier to do this using my Wacom tablet rather than a mouse now to make it look more realistic I then smudged it using a bristly brush under the Legacy pack and the difference it made was well worth the effort all right so this is looking pretty good right now but now I hate to do it I'm gonna do something a little bit cringy Mr Beast tends to enhance his facial features so you'll notice that oftentimes his eyes are really bright and sorry his teeth and you can see here that uh my teeth being so bright I've been drinking a bit too much tea and coffee and the lighting just isn't hitting them properly so I'm gonna artificially brighten my teeth and paint them in which is going to look really weird up close but I think from a distance it's really going to sell it so basically all I'm going to do here is just create a new layer get a brush make the hardness this time around 83 make the brush size really small come to my mouth which you guys all really want to look at this is really kind of confronting actually I'm going to need therapy after this one and I'm literally just going to paint in my teeth despite this being ridiculous it does convey the emotion better as though my teeth are clenched and I'm really worried about this army guy chasing me now ladies it's time to tear up my shirt I did this by just painting it in with a hard brush now to get the color just right with my skin tone with the brush tool selected all you need to do is hold down alt and click on the color in the image that you want your brush to become this trick will save you a bunch of time in the future that really added more drama to the image but it needed to be Blended better ah much better and then there's really only one more thing left to do on myself right here and that is to literally just add in a little logo that says Mr Beast as though I bought his shirt gonna make it the same font that he normally uses comica access I think I might warp it a bit too to make it fit in and drag it underneath the cutout so now that actually looks pretty good to blend everything together I then added some white Haze almost like dust was over top of the whole image at this point it was really starting to come together nicely so now to match Mr B's thumbnail I need to make the army guy a little bit more vibrant a little bit more green so I'm going to use a hue and saturation layer alt click it click colorize drag it across to where it's a green color bring across the saturation now I don't want it to be too overpowering and bring it down a little bit and I'm literally just going to paint in or paint out the parts that I don't want so obviously you know I don't want his face to be green that looks ridiculous also going to come in here now and I'm going to paint out painstakingly all the brown spots because they really sell home the camouflage and I need to have that contrast now to make the color of the camouflage pop a little bit better and be a little bit more contrasty I also added a solid color adjustment layer set it to a nice brown color and copied the mask from the Hue saturation layer and just simply inverted it and got rid of any parts that I didn't want and this made it look way better next up he needs a shadow at this point I realized I really needed to extend the brick wall to separate myself from the military guy so I'm actually going to duplicate my brick wall and I'm going to drag it across I'm just going to select this little corner bit here mask it out adjust the size so it all works and I can make it rough like I did before to really sell home the fact that we're in a war and just like that it now looks a little bit better then because I have a rim light and the military guy was also going to have one I needed to paint it on the brick wall also and then on the soldier 2. a little bit of adjustment curves always helps and I also played around with the Hue and saturation to get it just right the tank thankfully didn't need much work so I could focus on just improving the background first off a level's adjustment to wash everything out to provide more contrast and also sell the distance and realism then I added in a fake Sun using a soft white brush and applied the linear Dodge add blend mode I also realized I needed to adjust the layout ever so slightly and bring down that shadow it was way too dark the final touches I did using camera raw filter adjusting the Hue saturation the overall curves of the image and adding in some grain and there we have it my first Recreation of a Mr Beast thumbnail I learned so much doing this process but I want to hear your opinion which one do you think was better I think I know the answer to that one but where do you think I could improve on my skill on my craft and make this thumbnail a little bit closer to Mr Beast let me know in the comment section down below peace and remember you're only one video away see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ForGameUseOnly [1 likes]: How many hours it took exactly? From the point you sit in photoshop?
  2. @Q-Mind-World [1 likes]: wow.amazing
  3. @olvrs [1 likes]: this lowkey helped my thumbnail design thanks gang
  4. @maxwellanderson007 [1 likes]: Cool
  5. @Insightfulbro: best thumbnail tutorial I've ever seen ❤❤
  6. @harshus4779: Can you share psd?
  7. @zaidkvex3339: Bro yours is way better, in the MR. Beats one the soldier is also looking at the camera like wth.  but yours is like the military guy is actually looking for the main character, Nice work 100%.
  8. @AadityaShimar: Hindi me bhai fan for indian😊😊
  9. @user-bk5wm7th5n: But if u just showed how u did it will help allot
  10. @hb-kc1mt: Best thumbnail tutorial out there! <3
  11. @syedhasnain7456: hi do you need a portfolio website
  12. @antdontcap: CAN U TRY TO DO THIS IN AFFINITY PHOTO 2?
  13. @pariagh460: I think your only mistake is that mr beast's thumbnails is focused on set his facetone on the warm tone like red and orange to pop it more but you didn't fix that, but also i think your work was pretty good👍🏻
  14. @maryamahmad729: thank you so much its great
  15. @pad0n: You should try to create shadows with exposure or curves, not colors with blednings. But it is up to you
  16. @leoscenes1-f1b: How to order you
  17. @Hk_bhai_0: bro I am also a thumbnail designer how i can find client
  18. @frostyplays949: great video
  19. @TrishaBelman: nice but the biggest problem in the image was you look out of place you don't feel part of the image and the masking of the tank is very bad because the shadow isn't proper and another problem is the men coming down from the helicopter they feel like they are falling not coming down with a rope
  20. @saniaDhar-x3e: Your Channel is so Underrated....

- Generate MrBeast $10K Thumbnails for YouTube With This Prompt: Kind: captions Language: en Here's how you can generate a Mr. Beast $10,000 thumbnail. And so this image that we're going to pull up over here, you can see this guy, he drew a picture of the thumbnail. Okay, that's all he drew. And he said, "Make it into Come on. That's pretty good, man. That's really good. That's pretty good." So th this the level. Oh my god. Like yesterday, I was editing um slides or I was going through slides. So my team put together slides and um they're using these stock images and I just took that stock image. It was like a the slide was talking about done with you AI plus humans, right? So you shoot you show a human being with like an AI arm. I was like we can do better. So I took that picture and I said make the AI into an actual robot. It made it into an actual robot and um I was able to design a lot of the things I wanted to design in my slides. And now you'll be able to do that too. And so my point of saying all this is that um Mr. Beast spends like $10,000 um per thumbnail plus. And you can now do that. In fact, you can take one of his thumbnails and put your picture next to it like and it will integrate your picture into it. You know what I mean? And that's how good it's gotten. I was chatbetty Images. Dude, their stock has been so terrible in the last 12 months. It went from $4 to all of a sudden $135. But it just hit me with something like Getty Images. Why the heck do people even need stock images anymore? And I'm looking at the revenue. Yeah, it's pretty stable. They do around 939 million a year. 2024 was similar. But I'm like, why do people need stock images? Yeah. Here's the other thing again. Remember um OpenAI got called out before the their CTO at the time um I think the reporter was like, so did you train your video data on YouTube? And she she couldn't answer, right? Um these images, by the way, like who gets credit for these images at the end of the day, right? Yeah. I don't know. and and and Getty right now they're selling other people's images and they're I'm assuming people get paid out a chunk for their images and they have a AI uh generator on their homepage and they're charging I think $49 for 25 generations. I'm actually looking at right now. $149 for generations. But it's like do you even need to spend that much? Is there technology even as good as OpenAI's technology or Adobe's technology when it comes to generating images? Yep. Dude, check this out real quick before we move on. So, you see this is the original image over here. You see the AI arm, right? Yeah. Okay. So, look, it's the same human beings over here. I said, make the AI into a robot, right? And so, it does it over here. That's cool. Come on. Yeah, that's right. And then at my point now, I'm just like, guys, guys, um there's no excuse that we're not and this is why we have to set AI standards of excellence. And we have a slide where we're talking about um how we need a human operator to operate these AI agents, right? So it it made this for me. Come on. Come on, man. That's good. And I was like, that's not enough. I need more. I need more agents, right? Give me more agents. More agents, right? Took me two minutes to do that. And then you can even put a prompt in there to tell them to make it realistic like humans in a real world instead of a drawing. And then they can adjust. Yeah. And you can put a logo there, too, cuz people are going to copy your stuff, right? So you put some logos in there. If you're in B2B, here's the deal. LinkedIn accountbased marketing sucks, but it doesn't have to. With Carrot, it allows you to create personalized ads towards your customers and also personalized landing pages that align with the ads, so you're going to have higher conversions and influence pipeline reporting to prove that your ABM works. So, if you want to learn more, just go to carrot.ai and you can join the weight list. Again, it's carrot, k r o t.ai, and we'll see you on the other side. So, all that to say, guys, is um chatb is amazing. I think even with the $20 version, um, you get a good amount. I think with the free version, you only get three images per day, but you pay 200. I almost canceled the $200 a month cuz we weren't using it internally, right? I'm like, now our designers like, "Yeah, we need it." I was like, "Okay, good." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But anyway, that is it for today, guys. Uh, please don't forget to rate, review, subscribe, and we'll see you tomorrow. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoinKhatri-mr3hn [1 likes]: Hello sir. I'm a graphic designer. I want to ask you that how much do you Arn from YouTube thumbnails ??

- The Secret to Perfect Face Retouching for Thumbnails in Photoshop: Kind: captions Language: en A big thank you to Brilliant for sponsoring today's video. I'll tell you more about them in just a bit. Lately, one of the most requested tutorials on the channel has been about creating glowing thumbnails and doing professional face edits. So, in today's video, I'll walk you through a full step-by-step tutorial on how to edit your images for thumbnails. I'll also show you how to get the PSD file for free. So, without any further delay, let's get started. Okay, so first in the description section, you'll find a zip file that includes three high-quality practice images of Preston. You can use them to follow along with me in this tutorial. They're great for practicing since the quality will really help us get better results. After spending some time deciding, I chose this picture. Honestly, it looks really good, so let's use it. First, I'll create a Photoshop canvas with the standard size of 1,280x 720 pixels. Then, I'll copy and paste the photo into our canvas. When resizing it, make sure to check the smart object option. That way, the image won't lose quality when you scale it down. After that, I'll try to place the image right in the center. And to be more precise, you can use the ruler tool. Once that's done, I'll export the image and head over to Leonardo AI. For those who don't know, Leonardo AI has one of the best upscalers for face editing. So, I'll upload my picture and set the creativity strength to four. As you can see, the result looks really good. Next, I'll export it to this Chinese website to remove the background. If you don't understand Mandarin like me, you can simply rightclick and translate the page to English. I've actually used this tool in my previous videos, and many of you have been asking for the website name. If you look closely, you can already see its name in the corner here. To become a good thumbnail designer, you need to be observant and pay attention to small details in your daily work instead of relying on others for every little things. All right, enough talking. Let's get back to the tutorial. As you can see, we now have the image without a background. The cutout looks great, but I'm going to fill the background with black so I can spot any small mistakes the AI might have made, especially around areas like the hair. I also prefer working with a dark background because it helps me focus better on the main facial features. To start, I'll apply a soft camera raw filter. Nothing too extreme, just adjusting the contrast to make sure the face looks balanced without areas that are too bright or too dark. Once that's done, I'll duplicate the layer, open the camera raw filter again, and set den noise to 65% and texture to minus5%. This gives the skin a smooth look, but we don't want to apply it to the entire image. So, I'll create a layer mask, invert it, and using a brush with around 75% flow. I'll start painting only over the skin areas. Make sure to avoid the eyebrows, hair, eyes, and mouth, just focus on the skin. Once that's done, I'll create a saturation adjustment layer and set both vibrance and saturation to zero. Then, using the same brush flow as before, I'll start painting over the eyes to make them look cleaner and more natural. I'll do the same for the teeth. Just be as precise as possible so you don't brush over any unnecessary areas. At this point, I also decided to paint over the shirt a bit to make it stand out more and create a stronger contrast with the skin tone. Next, I created a curves adjustment layer and slightly increased the brightness. Using the same mask we made earlier, I'll paint over the eyeballs and teeth to make them pop a bit more. In the end, I'll lower the opacity slightly so the effect isn't too strong and still looks natural. Next, I'll create an exposure adjustment layer, lower the exposure, and increase the gamma correction. Then, I'll paint over the shirt to make it darker and create more contrast with the face. At first, it looked a bit too dark, so I brightened it slightly until it felt balanced. The next step is dodging and burning, which is honestly one of the best techniques in Photoshop. It helps your face stand out by darkening the shadows and brightening the highlights. You can do this using a soft brush with 0% hardness and around 10% flow. If you have a graphic tablet, which I highly recommend, it will help you be much more precise with the details. As you can see, this step really makes the image and facial features pop, especially if you're working with a lower quality photo. Remember, as designers, problem solving is part of our daily work. Whether it's choosing the right colors, balancing elements, or making a thumbnail stand out, you're constantly thinking, testing, and improving. That's exactly why I enjoy using Brilliant. Instead of just reading or watching lessons, Brilliant makes you do the learning. Every concept is taught through interactive puzzles and hands-on challenges, so you actually understand how things work instead of memorizing. For me, the thinking and code course has been a gamecher. Behind every great design is a set of invisible rules, the logic that makes everything click. This course helps you think like a true problem solver. turning creative ideas into systems that actually work. It's the same mindset you need to create designs that feel effortless and powerful. If you want to start exploring Brilliant, head to brilliant.org/baddestdesigns. It's free to get started. And when you upgrade to premium, you'll get unlimited daily access to everything on Brilliant so you can keep leveling up your skills every single day. Now, let's get back to our tutorial. Okay, now that we're done with the dodging and burning, let's move on to a neat trick I learned from my colleague Dimchure, who's made a lot of Preston thumbnails before. This technique involves painting slightly brighter areas around the darker parts of the face, just like this. It helps give the face a more defined and structured look while also making it appear brighter and more balanced overall. The next step is focusing on the eyes. In this case, the eyes are brown, so you might not notice a huge difference. But if you're working with colored eyes, you can use the hue/saturation tool to adjust the color and paint over the iris. Just make sure the blending mode is set to screen. To take it a step further, create an exposure adjustment layer. Increase the brightness and paint over the bottom part of the eye. And this mimics how light naturally hits the iris, brightening just the lower section. Once that's done, we move on to the mouth. I'll increase the saturation to 100% and paint over the tongue. then reduce it to make it look a natural pink. If it looks good, I might also enhance the lips slightly, but be careful not to overdo it. We don't want them to look like they're wearing lipstick. Remember, you can always adjust the opacity later if the effect feels too strong. The next step is adding selective color. This tool is great for adjusting skin tones and can really make or break your face edits. It honestly deserves a whole separate video. It's especially useful if your image has slightly off colors. For now, just experiment with the sliders, adjusting each color until you achieve the tone you're aiming for. For this tutorial, I'll exaggerate it a bit so the face really pops, similar to Mr. Beast thumbnails. Once that's done, I'll merge all the layers together and go back into the camera raw filter to tweak sharpness and texture, adding more detail. After that, I'll drag and drop a background. It's literally just a random one. I'll reduce its saturation and brightness to make it darker, which sets the stage for the glow effect, the most important part of today's tutorial. To create the glow, I'll select a brush with zero hardness and 50% flow. Then click once or twice behind the subject. I'll change the blending mode to linear dodge. Add. I'll repeat the same step with a pure white brush to make the glow look more like a smooth gradient. Next, I'll duplicate the layer and add a blue inner glow. Then, I'll apply a layer mask and paint only over the areas where it's needed. After that, I'll select the brush again and using a clipping mask, paint over the shoulders to make it look like the light is passing through them. Adjusting the blending mode is always necessary to make the effect look natural. Next, I'll add a curves layer, but instead of adjusting the overall brightness, I'll focus on the color tones. For example, I'll boost the blues and reduce the reds. Using a brush, I'll paint some light reflections over the face. Don't worry if it feels a bit wild at first since you can erase anything later. After that, I'll create two new layers, group them, and set the group's blending mode to linear dodge. Add. I'll fill the bottom layer with pure black and apply a gradient map like this one. You can create your own gradient if you prefer. Then, I'll clip the gradient map to the second layer and continue painting over the face with the brush. This technique might feel a bit strange at first, but with practice, you'll master it. Using a graphic tablet helps a lot, and you can also use Photoshop's rotation tool to rotate the face for better control while painting the lights. [Music] To add a subtle flare of detail, you can include an overlay asset like some sparks. A lot of people use them, though personally I don't overdo it. Next comes a game-changing step that really makes everything pop using Craya AI. This tool has an upscaler that makes reflections and details look much more realistic. I'll upload my image, wait for it to be upscaled, and then bring it back into Photoshop. As you can see, the tool did a great job enhancing realism, but it did slightly alter some face details. To fix this, I'll place the original face layer underneath the upscaled version and paint over only the areas that need adjustments. Finally, I'll finish it off with a camera raw filter to blend everything together and add some subtle noise. You can also experiment with extra effects like a highpass filter or some chromatic aberration to make the image feel more dynamic and visually striking. And that's it everyone. I hope you enjoyed this tutorial. It took me a lot of time to record, script, and edit. So, if you found it helpful, please like the video and subscribe. It really motivates me to create more content. A big thank you again to Brilliant for sponsoring this video. Make sure to check out the link in the description and see you in the next episode. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LilHarvey [11 likes]: why wouldn't you just use the photoshop subject select instead of the website?
  2. @BadisDesigns [7 likes]: 🧠 To learn for free on Brilliant: https://brilliant.org/BadisDesigns/ 
You’ll also get 20% off an annual premium subscription.
  3. @ORIOLICS [5 likes]: THUMBNAIL MAKING = SENDING ROCKET TO THE MOON !
  4. @KnoxTechZone [1 likes]: You deserve more subscribers
  5. @meherajopu [1 likes]: Bro, you should explain more clearly...
  6. @thehiphopfilestv [1 likes]: u go to fast to even follow along
  7. @DarkPhantom2013 [1 likes]: Lookin like all yt's have wayyy too much makeup on!
some
  8. @M.kFactory: not understood he is doing fats to get more watch time hrs why bro
  9. @neckz7571: Absolutely insane tutorial. Thank You.
  10. @bappy_hassan: Love from Bangladesh ❤
  11. @steve_gm: Yeah wtf
Thx for the info
  12. @utpaldesigns: Very fast and very hard to follow along.
  13. @jeestak: important fix for if the outer glow is outside of your brush rather than the image at 6:49: make sure to rasterize the layer style before creating the layer mask!!! took me forever to figure that out lol
  14. @Hey_its_Ricky: Great stuff. Thanks for showing us behind the scenes.
  15. @Asr-w8y: at 3:00, how did u copy the info from the mask from earlier to the new mask?
  16. @Sol_graphics: Bro how i can gat free psd😢
  17. @ZikzakKhan: Cool bro
  18. @florianschartner2030: genius. Thx.
  19. @4hammza: GOAT
  20. @PengawalJawaBaratIstimewa: Mantap bang ilmunya... Hatur nuhun ❤❤❤

- Pro YouTube Thumbnail Designers & Youtube SEO  for Hire! | MrBeast's Thumbnail Experts - Hire Today!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to the world of captivating YouTube thumbnails whether you're in real estate trading business blogs Sports entertainment or any other Niche a compelling thumbnail is your ticket to grabbing attention and boosting clicks imagine the impact of a well-crafted thumbnail before your videos might blend in after using our services they leap off the screen drawing viewers in like never before it's the difference between scrolling past and getting that coveted click when you choose me you're choosing more than just a thumbnail you're choosing professionalism creativity and results my designs are crafted to entice inform and compel action experience the difference firsthand and watch your clickthrough rates sore ready to transform your YouTube presence contact me today and let's create thumbnails that make your content unmissable

  Top Comments:
  1. @TonuRoy-r6e: Great Man🎉❤❤❤

- Viral Thumbnail Expert Reveals His Secrets: Kind: captions Language: en - Dylan right here made this thumbnail, it has 1.5 million views. Can you break down this thumbnail for us? - For sure. This was inspired by a thumbnail I made about six months ago. I think it's from "Game of Thrones." He's like, climbing, like, an ice mountain. - [Host] Okay, yeah. - They sent me this asset picture. It was already pretty good. He was wearing the red coat already, and I knew that we would have it on the ice wall. Red and blue are very good contrasting colors. - Something I notice with a lot of these big YouTubers and a lot of the thumbnail designs, they're typically in the middle of doing something and there's an action happening. - Action makes you intrigued. You know, it looks like a frame from the video where he's actually climbing this ice mountain and this makes you very intrigued, and makes you think this is what you are actually going to see in the video. - One thing I really love about this thumbnail is it's very simple. - Yeah, I think simplifying is a big thing. Obviously, you don't want too many colors, but I also don't think there's any rule of less colors is better. Mr. Beast, for example, in his circle videos, there's probably six, seven different colors in that thumbnail, but it still works very well. - It's a great thumbnail. We're gonna go to the next one, which is a thumbnail that you designed for Airrack here, and it's called, "I Ordered 10,000 Amazon Packages." If I just look at that title, I would be like, "How am I gonna design a thumbnail for this?" But you landed on this one. There's still a lot going on, but somehow, the eyes are just led straight to Airrack. What's going on in this thumbnail that the eyes are kind of drawn to where you want them to go? - Yeah, so this thumbnail, you could break it down into three main elements. We have the background with the house, and the trees, and the sky, and the trees really give scale to the mountain of packages. The lines of the pathway lead directly towards Airrack, and I also think that all the packages are kinda noisy, and then the middle of it is just clear, and there's no distraction from all the packages around. - I wanna look at a list of all these old thumbnails, you made new ones, and there's some major differences. - Recreating your thumbnails is a newer trend that people are just now starting to pick up on, and they can really make your videos pop off again, especially if you think the video is good. What I planned to do with these was just to make everything look a lot more intense, because he is eating super spicy food. These thumbnails are a very good example of contrast and why it matters so much. For most of these, I had a darker background on very bright, oversaturated food. It makes everything in the foreground stand out a lot more. You wanna see these people go through this pain and see their reaction to all these crazy foods that they're eating. - You would think with someone eating spicy food, that the thumbnail would show them, like, drooling at the mouth, but something I've kinda learned, sometimes it's better to not show that reaction first, because the viewer actually wants to click and see the reaction. - If you get someone to click on the video and you don't already spoil the reaction, it makes the people stay for the entire video until he has his reaction. - I love all those tips, Dylan. If you guys actually want to see a video on titles, click on the screen, check that out. Thanks so much for being here. - Thank you for having me. - Make sure you check him out on Twitter. Link in the description, see you guys in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [18 likes]: Question of the day 💡How would you rate your thumbnails game? Let us know!
 FREE ON-DEMAND CLASS 🎯 Learn 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2022 👉 http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @DioDiablo702 [5 likes]: I honestly think that these overdramatic thumbnail designs is ruining the YouTube experience
  3. @DrizzleSports [1 likes]: Moral of the story is : Hire a Thumbnail Creator cause sheesh 😮‍💨 these guys put in hrs on this
  4. @Divine_presence33: Insightful
  5. @krishnayadav-y8f8b: Where is full video  ?
  6. @tarriadunnstorytellingonlinema: Awesome value!!!
  7. @annaheya2109: Show reaction on thumbnail. Makes people stay for the entire video to see that reaction. Well said 👌
  8. @StillHavens: Thanks!
  9. @The_Norwegian_Girl: Which app are you using?
  10. @mike-leembruggen: Fascinating to learn how simplicity and contrasting colors play a role in thumbnail effectiveness (5:7). I’m curious, how do you walk the thin line between 'spoiling' the video in the thumbnail and enthralling your audience enough to click (16:56)? What's your take on the possible downfalls of revealing too much too soon?
  11. @Jeffrey-hk4fq: Ok, enough of Mr Beast 🤔
  12. @RetroNerdGirl: I changed all my thumbnails and it gave me a nice boost on my channel for sure!  great advice!
  13. @boarrrkbn: ahahahaahah, yea yea, from `game of throne`
  14. @RVAmerica: Great advice.   The struggle is real.  Lynn and Danny
  15. @batufySE: i've been watching thumbnail videos for long time and getting inspired but when I try to create it becomes s*ck 😂
  16. @cookingwithvince: What's the best program to actually make the thumbnails?
  17. @Kiki23-b2y: I’m gonna keep going no matter how hard it is or gets !!! 💪🏾
  18. @WMSClips: Great info! Thankyou for your tips and Knowledge
  19. @thehooddoctoredits: I love this video 🙏
  20. @emmanuele.5908: AMAZING VIDEO! DEFINITELY DO MORE VIDEOS LIKE THIS!!!

- The Psychology Behind a Thumbnail (the REAL reason you click): Kind: captions Language: en why do we choose to click one video over another and why do creators like Ryan traon one of YouTube's most successful creators change their video thumbnails from this to this and thumbnails like this to this in the space of a few days and it gets them millions more views oh wait sorry you can't see the difference there you go even though thumbnails with a nice design make you want to watch the video why do videos with thumbnails like this get over 35 million views each and yes this one has no thumbnail and it reached 107 million views within a year so what is the real reason that you click on a video and why do you choose one video over another well there are several factors which we'll cover in this video but if there was one word to sum it all up it would be curiosity there's a Creator that's been blowing up on YouTube recently called Mike Shake I mean he's been doing well for a little while but now he's consistently getting millions of views on every single video that he makes and he basically puts the success of his videos down to his thumbnails in in fact it's where all of his videos begin in one of Ma's threads he shared how he often starts creating videos by using ideas that have proven to do well on YouTube or outside of YouTube before actually these outliers are the foundation for most big creators on YouTube and it's why their videos perform so well and a big reason why you get the urge to click in another one of Mike's tweets he explains that there are four factors to a clickable thumbnail three or less elements does it draw attention is there any action is there a curiosity Gap he then goes into some Einstein equation as to why the thumbnail works but as a basic overview here's what Mike thought about his thumbnail concepts for his video how dangerous is a whip concept one this has three or less elements it kind of draws attention there's no movement or curiosity Gap it scores minus one concept two this has three elements or less it draws attention there's movement but there's no curiosity Gap no one's asking the question how did this whip break the Apple cuz quite a lot of people know that it's possible for a whip to break an apple but concept three the winning thumbnail has three elements it draws attention it has movement and there's a curiosity Gap did this whip really break this phone but this is the depth that top creators go into to get you to click their videos and if you look at all of Mike's thumbnails they take all of these boxes and if we head back to the viral video thumbnails that got 35 million views each all of these thumbnails take the boxes that Mike was talking about but let me ask you a question which video would you rather click on and which video makes you ask the most questions many creators decide whether to go ahead with a video idea or not depending on how much the concept makes people curious but it helps to think of curiosity as a spectrum at one end of the spectrum you have a group of people that have learned everything there is to know about a video topic this is why videos with the broadest amount of appeal get the most views and at the other end of the spectrum you have a group of people that have no idea about the topic and want to find out more you come across this video whilst browsing YouTube YouTube How likely would you be to click on it not that likely but if you came across this video how much more likely would you be to click on it if we place these two concepts on the Spectrum you'd have the first video at the end because the majority of people who own a phone know how to send a text message they don't have a curiosity Gap around this subject but the second video would move towards the start of the spectrum because it introduces something new that not many people have heard of this group of people are curious to see how a text message can be deleted before anyone sees it in other words for people at the start of the spectrum it would mean not watching the video would mean a huge fear of missing out because they now have an unanswered curiosity Gap what is Honey like in space did the guy get hit by The Swinging ball can that cat actually play piano how close to the real thing was the film Bohemian rapidy and for people at the other end of the spectrum watching the video won't educate or entertain them beyond what they already know for example if you've seen these videos once then you're towards this end of the spectrum but even then there's a psychological Hack That creators can use to make people that think they know everything feel like they know nothing and they do it by making people feel like there's more to know about the subject take a look at this example pretty much everyone knows how to open a door but what can be done to make people think that they don't even know how to open a door you could add something like this to the thumbnail you start asking why am I doing it wrong all the video then has to do to get views and subscribers is deliver on the promise let's look at one of the top thumbnail secrets that creat s like Ryan Tran uses to get more views on YouTube and then we'll dive into various factors that creators use to get you to click their videos when I showed you how Ryan changed this thumbnail to this I bet you thought why would you even make such a tiny change well there are several different things a thumbnail can have to make a lot of people click it this time a little change that Ryan made hits a few authenticity he makes it more realistic emotional reaction when Ryan changed his thumbnail to this I was like those fries look awful no wonder the poisonous but in the before thumbnail I just thought Ah that's rying with some regular fries they don't look poisonous at all curiosity are the fries actually poisonous fear I go to when is I need to avoid the one that's poisonous this one tiny change can make a huge difference just like one tiny click can make a huge difference so if you're enjoying this video so far you know what to do but we've only scratch the surface of what makes the thumbnail clickable there's so much more we've already seen how Ryan hits a few factors of a thumbnail that makes you click but I want to go back to Mike shake and take a look at some other factors that he hits we know that Mike looks at these four factors less than three elements it draws attention it has movement there's a curiosity Gap but his thumbnails also hit some other elements that make you click color theory there's three or less colors that work well together character elements it has a focus what's happening it's clear what's going to happen in the video first and five match the first frame and the first 5 Seconds of the video this confirms The Click tell a story read left to right chronologically and when reading most countries read words and time in this way keep it simple Simplicity gets more people interested Mr Beast is a Creator who's on another level when it comes to his thumbnail strategy here are a few factors that he HS in his thumbnails that we haven't covered already facial expression it's an emotional reaction to what's happening in the thumbnail reacting on the viewer's behalf the background is easily recognized iable a cluttered background means confused viewers using something like a forest the sea a desert a prison cell a stadium or fast food chain makes the viewer have to think less before clicking to watch the video they recognize the background works on different devices these thumbnails have a lot of depth and I can tell what's happening no matter how small the thumbnail is and I'm drawn in by the detail even when the thumbnail is Big passes the glance test I have a good idea of what's going to happen in this video within 2 seconds of looking at the thumbnail but there was also something interesting that I found when analyzing Ryan's thumbnail strategy and it's actually very similar to Mr beasts after analyzing some thumbnail data I've realized most creators update their thumbnails after a video goes live and it usually happens in three stages first stage is three concepts second stage is winning Concepts and minor variations third stage is the overall winning concept creators look at the real-time feedback of their thumbnails performance after one day and whichever thumbnail performs the best over a day they slightly modify it to see if it performs any better they now have a better understanding of the type of thumbnails that Their audience clicks on so they can create more clickable thumbnails in the future but you can go and see this for yourself you can see exactly when a Creator changes their thumbnail or title on that video and it's actually really easy to do because I cover the tool that does it in this thumbnail right here wait this is the video not a thumbnail it is a video this is a video go click on it you'll love it

  Top Comments:
  1. @morsclue [3 likes]: 0:30 ummm, does he know what happend to technoblade?
  2. @MaimunT [2 likes]: You should make a video about colour theory and general design. This video was so clear and concise. The real reason I clicked though was because it has 350 views after 3 whole months with a good thumbnail. The video was even better. Thank you man.
  3. @nathaniel_hall [1 likes]: A HUGE thank you for watching the video! If you want more clicks on your videos, you need to know where 75% of YouTube growth actually comes from. Check out this video where I break it all down: https://youtu.be/bxywe3g0Ctc?si=v3HnGgWHJccORGht
  4. @Celebcircuss [1 likes]: whats the tool you used to get thumbnail data/analytics?
  5. @RIPKaunas [1 likes]: I'm chef, and I accidentally clicked on this video.
  6. @Skkskskmjd [1 likes]: as a thumbnail designer I see the word "Thumbnail" I click
  7. @ahmadmuther8252: This is a really good video
  8. @Thepro09: Great Work Keep Doing.🤍🤍
  9. @powerlifee9: love from india buddy ❤❤ 
Thanks man
  10. @alirazalahori: Amazing....! deserve more views ...
  11. @AJsGreenTopics: Congratulations on reaching 4k. Great information.
  12. @AnuandTharuu: thank you
  13. @CashaunnTV: 🔥🔥
  14. @Emilelvsgd: This video coast 100$ for real
  15. @ReedBloxz: this is a really good video
  16. @mmzaahid: Can you make a video about the guidelines for making thumbnails for infotainers who make videos on history, religion, philosophy, world politics, etc.?
  17. @nsxwaffle: hands down the most underrated video ive ever seen on youtube. super informative and high production quality i hope the yt algorithm gets to work properly haha

- Psychology Behind @MrBeast VIRAL YouTube Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Miss Beast isn't just making YouTube videos he's rewriting the rules of viral content have you ever wondered why his videos get millions even billions of views it's not just the money it's the psychology behind every thumbnail title and second of footage let's break it down one hooks you immediately think about this when you click on a Mr Beast video You're instantly hooked why because He follows the golden rule of Engagement never waste a second the human brain craves excit and Miss delivers it in the first 3 seconds whether it's giving away a Lamborghini or locking people in a giant glass box your attention is trapped two The Power of reward and surprise our brains love rewards and Miss Beast knows it every challenge he creates has a huge prize at the end the dopamine hit of watching someone win big Keeps Us glued to the screen but here's the twist he doesn't just give away money he adds unpredictability you never know who will win what twist he'll throw in or how insane the final challenge will be that suspense it's pure psychology three visual storytelling that hypnotizes you most YouTubers talk Miss Beast shows his videos are a masterclass in visual storytelling Quick Cuts bright colors and high energy pacing make it impossible to look away your brain is getting stimulated every second keeping you watching longer and longer and guess what the longer you watch the more the YouTube algorithm loves him four the secret to make making you feel involved ever notice how you feel like you're in the video that's because Miss Beast uses a trick called psychological immersion he makes the stakes so high and the emotions so real that your brain starts imagining you're the one playing whether it's last to leave challenges or survive 100 days you start thinking could I do this and boom you're emotionally invested five missed Beast is a marketing genius let's be real Miss Beast isn't just a YouTuber he's a marketing genius he doesn't just make viral videos he builds Brands Beast Burger febles charity projects his brand expands with every video and here's the smart part when you watch his content you don't just see a video you see a movement and that is why people keep coming back Mr Beast success isn't luck it's a carefully crafted psychological Masterpiece every second is designed to Captivate excite and keep you watching so what do you think is his biggest secret let us know in the comments and don't forget to like And subscribe for more breakdowns of YouTube's biggest stars [Music]

- Mr Beast's Thumbnail Psychology For 10X More Views: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails that make you just click. Ever wonder how big YouTubers like Mr. Beast gets you to click on their video without even a thought? It is not luck, it's piscology. Your brain is wired to focus on big exaggerated emotions. Shock, excitement, fear, they all trigger curiosity. Nobody wants to click on a boring, cluttered thumbnail. Big, bold, simple. Your brain hates missing information. If a thumbnail leaves you with a question, then you have to click on it. Allow me to help you skyrocket your views and engagement to the moon.

- We Made Offensive MrBeast Thumbnails..: Kind: captions Language: en did you tell you stream what we're doing I mean no one's here but yeah okay I told my I told myself yeah yeah it's all good all right so in this video my friend and I will be having a Photoshop battle on making the worst offensive Mr Beast thumbnails that Jimmy would never ever make so enjoy I used a bit of blood in my one but geez why are let's settle down okay what's the title of this surviving 24 hours on Epstein's Island oh oh yeah I'm surprised you didn't add any kids there well there's like a playground like sliding stuff on the island all right my turn now I fly did a thousand people for ten thousand dollars I knew it what did I say this was gonna be the prompt I did this is gonna be my first that's what I was hoping for I was hoping for you know the same prompt as me and then we'll be like hahaha but anyway also why does Mr Beast have two hands there no he doesn't it's a doctor doing it you know shot of the doctor yeah I I think mine's better because that Boris looks like an animal horror thumbnail I think peanut gets it though for creativity oh wow for our literally everyone made the made the joke that you made of yours mine was original all right [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you then so I just wanted to give credit to the person who actually created this video and I took major inspiration from but I don't know how to pronounce that name dog all links will be in the description I was taking you so long I'm done over here oh you're done huh are you actually or yeah uh give me give me like give me like 10 minutes I was having trouble with the stock even obviously I couldn't find detailer because I was a bit uh rushed for time from someone uh I might find a dealer later but yeah I'll go first since you went first last time okay let me explain the video before you react to it so last to survived landmines wins five hundred thousand dollars so it'll be like you know like a squid game so people jump people jump on landmines like you know how it's like 50 50 shot like the glass bridge and then uh people are gonna die in this video so that's why I put the prize money at 500 000 I think that's a fair price for like a life yeah here's my issue with this use the same Mr Beast I'll now use my Epstein Island one like that's the first one I could find all of him and mine is cut out a little bit better yeah I had to rush it a bit you know okay can you give a compliment give one compliment to mine please uh um one car one come like that all right let me see your let me see your trash one okay anyway mine um you're gonna love this I made a hundred people come what what hey can you please oh my God I swear it's just like the Blurred so what's it what's the purpose of this video Mr Beast Man 100 people come they deprived they like uh can't get it up or uh it was just random people he just he just went down the street and just made 100 people come dude I think you should have gone the um the the philanthropy uh kind of Route way people couldn't get erections or something helped him get erections no Mr beast is just so beautiful that anyone who sees him comes do you see his face tap face I think I won this one like since it's round two maybe you should let me win this so we could go into round three you know I'm not Mr Beast I'm not doing philanthropy here no I won this I'm gonna say I'm saying I'm winning this so we can go into round three all right all right all right how's it going on your end I'm in a little a little more time so good all good bro you dug you I had like a nap [Music] you spent such a long time on this surely has to be bail him on right this is the worst one I made so far uh the rat I win is like it's very relatable a lot of people were like to this video and then clicked the video I think mine's also relatable all three people a hundred thousand dollars to kill their boss barely people hate their boss I'm gonna give them money to like kill their boss you know after all that time I give you to polish this you couldn't fix up this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hand I started so I get tired of photoshopping honestly okay that's a hundred thousand I do that do that for 10K honestly I want to see what took like like legit an hour to make last to take their hand off Lamborghini Lamborghini keeps it in parentheses their hand not the Lamborghini wait wait I need it it's gonna take me a while to decode this but lots to take the hand off Lamborghini keeps it if they keep their hands they win the Lamborghini as well no they just get to keep their hand Lamborghini has nothing to do with it that's just what their hands are on thank you that's it I don't know it's it's like I like it I like it like I love you not like the edit of it but there's there's wizard incentive I want the incentive like pretty incentive is that you have to keep your hands well like what was the point what's the point of entering the video in the first place they don't enter Mr Beast is forcing these people to do this and also they're homeless and they're blind you know what the the kick in this thumbnail is the knife I really like your knife in this that's literally the last thing I did that took me like 30 seconds I would say you win uh yeah baby it's a better end than mine all right anyway let me let me mute for one second he's gonna have to say something to the camera off camera okay this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I just let him win because he's gonna complain he's gonna complain for half an hour if I don't limit

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeftBootT [5 likes]: i cant believe peanut used the 100 people come idea, i was laughing my ass off in the chat! Super speedy turn around on this btw boyR. loved it!
  2. @reallypeanut [5 likes]: If any future employers see this that rhyme with Mr. Yeast, this was my twin brother not me please don't bring this up in my interview
  3. @harvey9951 [2 likes]: you know its a good day when boyr uploads
  4. @BoyR_videos [2 likes]: So who do you think won!?
  5. @mlpxafndpera [1 likes]: LOL
  6. @Noah-1xe [1 likes]: Would he actually complain about it lol
  7. @parrot20yt [1 likes]: you have talent also good video
  8. @Lukeygoldgamer [1 likes]: 1:22 I feel your pain!
  9. @6darren6: FRANKY THEME GOES CRAZY

- How To Edit Thumbnail Faces Like MrBeast (EASY): Kind: captions Language: en I've been designing YouTube thumbnails for over 10 years, and I've worked with some of the biggest creators on the platform. In this video, you're going to learn the simple step-by-step process to make faces pop in your thumbnails. And trust me, this alone can be the difference between 100 views and 100,000 views. I'll break down how Mr. Beast gets that super polished, cartoony look, and I'll also show you how to create a more realistic raw style that still pops like Ryan Trey. But the real question is, which one actually gets you more views? Let's break down the differences so you know exactly which style is right for your channel. In the Mr. Beast thumbnail, the faces are extremely clean and colorful. The skin is smooth, the eyes and teeth are bright white, and the lighting is flat and even. This style is built for speed. You don't have to think. You instantly read the emotion. Psychologically, that makes it perfect for a younger audience. Here, the face feels much more realistic. The skin has real texture. The eyes and teeth aren't pushed to pure white, and nothing feels overprocessed. This style is designed for viewers who value authenticity and storytelling. The face still pops, but for a different reason. It pops because it feels real. And the biggest difference here is the lighting. Now that you know which style is better for your channel, let me show you exactly how to achieve these looks. Here is a picture of myself that I took earlier today. and let's transform this into the Mr. Beast style. So, inside of Camera Raw Filter, the first thing I'm going to do is color adjustments. Now, this image wasn't taken in ideal lighting. You can still see some shadows here and some highlights here. So, let's turn down the contrast and just try and get a pretty even base slate to work with. We're going to make the shadows way brighter. Let's up the exposure. We can turn up the highlights as well, just to make the image brighter. Let's bump the whites up a little bit and the blacks as well. Now, you can see this looks very washed out, but that's okay. We just want to get things as even as possible when we're first starting. Let's make the image a little bit warmer and a little more pink. Let's also turn up the vibrance. If you don't know what the vibrance does, the vibrance ups the saturation in parts of the image that aren't already saturated. Saturation bumps everything, but the vibrance just takes the duller spots of the image and ups their saturation. We can now come over to texture. Let's up the texture a tiny bit. We can turn down the clarity just so that we have a little bit more smoother skin. And then when we come to dehaze here, you can really see the image come alive. I think about 16 works for this image. Let's go to the curves and up the highlights a little bit as well as the lights. There we go. Now, let's go to colors. We're going to want the picture of me to look pretty bright and vibrant and lean more into the oranges or the pinks. So, let's make my lips and everything red. And then let's come to the orange, which is mostly going to affect my skin tone. And let's lean it a little bit to the left. Then we can come over to the yellows and push it a little bit to the greener side. And then the magentas here, we can push a lot to the right. And if we zoom in, you can see the difference in the colors. If I'm just turning that one uh hue layer off, everything is a lot more pink. Then let's come over to saturation and bump up the reds a tiny bit. The oranges we can bump up as well because I'm going to mess with the brightness of it. And then the yellows we can just take down. And let's take down the magentas as well. Now, this is going to be different for every picture, but these are just core principles that you should be implementing into every face retouch, especially if you want that Mr. Beast look. Let's come over to luminance. Now, we can make the reds a bit brighter as well as the oranges and the yellows. Now, let's come over to the color grading section and let's mess with the midtones a little bit. I'm leaning the midtones a tiny bit too yellow because I feel like the image is slightly too pink. And then the shadows, we can bring it to this cyan color. And the highlights, we can lean a little more orange. Very subtle changes, but you can see the image goes from more pink to more orange. Let's also come and turn on D noiseise. Now, D noiseis is only available if you're using a raw image, but it just takes away a tiny bit of the noise in the image. Let's sharpen our image a tiny bit more. And then we can bump the luminance up slightly. And then the color as well. And this is just going to get rid of even more noise and make our skin and our image look smoother. And as you can see, here is the before and here is the after. And we're nowhere near done. A quick pause. If you're serious about improving your thumbnails, I offer one-on-one consulting calls where I teach you how to create better thumbnails and get more views. Check the links below and follow my other socials. All right, the next step. Let's get rid of all the blemishes and the discoloration on my face. Simply by coming over to the lasso tool, I'm going to just circle the areas that I think are discolored or any blemishes that I want to get rid of. This is useful for any scars, any acne, or anything on your face that you don't want to show in your thumbnail. All right, once we have all that selected, we can come over to generative fill, and we don't even need a prompt. Just click generate. Just a few seconds later, and all of the blemishes are gone, but it did do some weird things to my eyes here. So, I'm just going to come in with a soft brush and just make sure my eyes are as original and untouched as possible. Perfect. Now, we can move on to whitening the eyes and the teeth. Let's come over to the adjustment layers and go to hue saturation. We can turn the saturation all the way down and up the lightness about 25. And let's create a clipping mask. And let's invert the mask. Now we can zoom in to my eyes here and just brush over the eyes just like this. Now this is very important because the eyes are the first thing that your brain sees when it sees a person. Your eyes also evoke a lot of emotion and it just helps make everything look nicer for a thumbnail. Let's do the same thing for the teeth. And then let's come back to the eyes and make our brush black so that we can get rid of the white that's covering the actual pupils. There we go. And now we can change this to color. Let's turn it down because that is way too much. About 65. And then I'm going to duplicate this as well. And let's go to soft light. Now on the soft light layer, I'm going to get rid of the teeth here. And just like that, the eyes and teeth are a lot brighter and a lot more visible. Next, let's do some dodging and burning. Now, if you don't know what dodging and burning is, it's a technique used to emphasize the highlights and the shadows of an image. It is a great way of manipulating light and evoking more emotion in your images. All right, same thing. Let's go to the adjustment layers. Now, let's add a curves layer. Let's take the highlights and boost them up. Let's create a mask and then invert the mask. Now on a soft brush on one or 2% flow. We can start highlighting certain areas of my face that I want to emphasize. I usually do things like the nose, the eyes, the cheeks, and just any parts of the image that are [music] a little too dark. Let's do the under eyes as well. Go into my lips here. add a nice highlight on the lips and [music] let's do the top of my hair. Now, the whole point of this is to kind of contour your face and just emphasize the highlights of your face. So, that's pretty intense right now. So, let's turn down the opacity to about 65. Here's the before and here is the after. Now, let's do the same thing but for the shadows. So, let's add a curves layer. Drop the shadows. Create the clipping mask. Invert it. And now we paint. So, with shadows, I like to emphasize the hair, specifically the eyebrows, the sides of the nose, just to pull the attention towards the middle, the underside of the nose, any natural smile lines. Let's do facial hair as well. And then, let's just contour the face and highlight the edges of the areas. And then any spots that are too bright, we can also [music] tone them down. Let's also come in and do my jawline just so that it emphasizes the jawline and the sides of the face slightly. And then let's do down here by my hoodie as well. And let's keep this at around 70. So with the dodging and burning done, you can see the difference. Here's the before and here is the after. It just helps emphasize your face and draws the attention to the center of your face. Here you can already see how much of a difference this has already made. But we're not done. Next, let's select everything on our image, duplicate it, and convert it to a smart object. Now, let's come to filter, camera, raw filter, and let's turn down the texture. Turn down the clarity a little bit. And then come over to the noise reduction and up that a tiny bit to about 10. And the color noise reduction to about five. And let's drop that in on top of our face. Let's create a mask. Invert it. And now this is how we're going to get our smooth skin. Now once again with a brush, low flow, we're just going to come to the areas that have a little too much texture and just brush over them. This is just going to soften those areas and give us smooth skin. Now, the main areas to avoid with this are the eyes, the teeth, and any hair. That's just going to make the image look very, very fake. And if we're taking a closer look, you can see how much of a difference this makes. It's subtle, but it definitely makes the skin look smoother. Next, let's add a color balance adjustment layer. Let's switch it to highlights. Let's do about + two, plus two, and minus two. Very subtle adjustments, but this is just making all the color look a little bit nicer. Let's do the midtones and take the yellows to about minus2. And there we go. You can see this image looks a little more pink. And once we turn this on, it looks a little more orange. And once you do that, you can see how big of a difference this makes. Just look at the before. It's all dark. And you can see all the blemishes on my face. Nothing is smooth, but this just pops so much more. Now, let me show you how to do the Ryan Treyan style super simply using AI. So, this is going to be a very simple two-step process. Let's come to chat GBT and insert our image. We're going to ask it a very simple prompt. So, very simply, we have give me a prompt for free pick. Don't change anything about the man in at image one. just change the lighting to resemble midday outdoor direct sunlight casting soft shadows on the face. Let's send it through and we can just copy this prompt and head over to Freepick. Now once inside Freepick, let's head to the image generator. We can come here, upload the same image and paste in our prompt. Now using Google Nano Banana Pro, we can generate a ton of images until we get the style that we like. And after just a few seconds, Freepick gave us four solid images. I like the first one the best. So, let's go ahead and download this. And we can drop this in. Let's remove the background. And just like that, we have a face that works perfect for these outdoor style thumbnails. You can, of course, go into Camera Raw filter and adjust as you'd like, but the whole point of this style is to be a little more realistic. I hope you enjoyed this video and if you learned anything new, make sure to subscribe and follow me on my other socials down below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Market-87 [24 likes]: Lol bro put the teleprompter on the same level as the camera next time.
  2. @DillToma [13 likes]: Subscribe for more thumbnail content and book a call if you’re interested in growing your channel!
  3. @Crazy.Mr.Sergio [1 likes]: A kiss for u man! This is awesome! Exactly what I was searching for + the analytical part tailored to our channels, LOVE IT!
  4. @reversalgfx [1 likes]: Helpul. Where I can find some raw images that I can use for practice?
  5. @ReachThePeople: You’re the goat bro
  6. @MrGorge_1: احتاجك😢😢😢
  7. @Matiu-gamer777: this is amazing bro
  8. @Southto-q3t: We need more vids like how to make a photo a client send to make it look better
  9. @manishshrestha_: If the whole point is using AI, why spending so much time on photoshop.
  10. @RaduuB: Bro, amazing tutorial. But I am using the Photoshop for the first time ever, and at 06:04 I got stuck because you haven't explained how to create the "clipping mask" and how to "invert" it..
In the future please take details like where to press or what you are pressing on the keyboard into account. Thank you!
There are a lot of times when you do not specify where you are pressing or what you are pressing on the keyboard.. That is a bit dissapointing tbh.. :(
  11. @MYCOFARMER: Way to many steps
  12. @AnshVerma-fg9ns: bro please meri help karo mera ek Chhota Sa account hai ab main bhi Ek thumbnail designer hun mujhe per Koi client Nahin mil raha please mujhe client dilva do only Rs 50 hai per person
  13. @DatBoyAli: good vid ngl
  14. @Jos3ph_forever: can you do a similar video with a black person
  15. @DavidFrankCPA: This video was exactly what I was looking for. Thanks so much!

Earned a sub!
  16. @pranshugamerz44: Bro plese tell us how to edit tbumbnail faces for gamers plese
  17. @Roman_ali558: This video is really helpfull.
  18. @abestrykerx: the best video ever
  19. @JJ-el6qx: Would love a tutorial on getting to the Ryan style from scratch from the raw image
  20. @watsssup: thanks very much for your time

- MrBeast Thumbnail Face Effect (Photoshop Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en every time I upload a new video I get comments like these even though there are already so many video tutorials on skin smoothing effect in Photoshop I would still like to share the techniques I use to achieve the popular Mr Beast cartoonish face effect but before I show you my process first I'll analyze Mr Beast thumbnails and take some notes let's take this thumbnail for example by observing his face we can notice the following his face is very bright and very smooth there are no wrinkles or anything like that contrast between the skin and his facial hair and eyebrows is very strong his teeth are 100 white and also super bright same goes for his mouth it's bright but also very vibrant and smooth the eyes are very noticeable sclera is also fully white and Iris is clear bright and sharp and the final observation is that he has this subtle highlight on the edge of the face this is more noticeable in some of his other thumbnails and one more thing to mention is the skin tone color in some cases it's light red or pink and in other cases it's light orange or yellow so by having these things in our minds let's see how we can achieve a similar effect [Music] step one first I'll start by removing any creases and wrinkles from his face for this I'll use the spot healing brush tool this tool helps greatly for removing the smaller creases from the face and in some more complex cases like this one I'll just use a lasso tool to make a selection around the part I'd like to change and with the content aware fill Photoshop will solve the issue pretty much instantly here's before and here's after 2. for the skin smoothening I just like to make a copy of the photo and then clip it to the original while the copy of the photo is selected I'll open camera raw filter where I'll adjust two sliders texture and noise reduction for texture I'll move the slider to the left usually something like -50 works pretty good and for the noise reduction I'll move the slider to the right to about 60. considering this affects the whole image I'll create a layer mask and invert it and then by using a soft brush with low flow I'll paint over the skin while trying to avoid any hair mouth and eyes all right step 3 one of the ways to apply Dodge and burn effect to the photos by creating two curves adjustments layers this is a non-destructive way of editing meaning I can easily go back later and change the values of what I'm doing now in the first curves adjustments layer I will grab the slider in the middle and move it down this will darken the image once I do this I'll invert the layer mask and then duplicate the layer in the duplicate layer I'll move the slider up which will make the photo brighter considering that both adjustments currently have an inverted layer masks they won't be visible unless I paint over them with a white brush so I'll take the brush make sure it's soft the flow is around five percent and I'll start brushing over the face generally you'll want to dodge the face cheeks top of the nose forehead around the mouth and in this case the skin area on his chin with no beard and then the areas to burn you'll want to paint both sides of the nose outer sides of his cheeks and these parts here I also like to paint over the hair and fear because it creates a stronger contrast step 4 editing the teeth is a two-step process first I'll add the human saturation adjustment layer choose yellows and move the saturation slider all the way to the left this should remove all the yellows and I'll paint over an inverted mask because I want it to affect only the yellow shades on his teeth second step is making the teeth brighter I'll do this by creating a curves adjustment layer and pulling the slider up which will make everything brighter by copying the layer mask from previous layer this curves adjustment layer will only affect the teeth 5. for the eyes I'll create three adjustment layers first will be Hue and saturation adjustment layer I will click on colorize and move the slider to the middle until I get a nice blue color and then on the inverted layer mask I'll paint only over his Iris the second adjustment layer will be once again a curves adjustment layer in which I'll move the slider from the middle up this will brighten up the iris in order for it to affect only the iris I'll apply the same layer mask from the previous adjustment and Third change to his eyes that I'm going to do will be making his sclera even whiter I'll do it again with curves same process once again moving the slider from the middle up to make it brighter then on an inverted layer mask I'll just paint over the white areas around the iris and that's it for the eyes step six I don't usually like to exaggerate skin tones so in this case I will make the face just a tiny bit more pink and yellow I'll achieve this by creating two selective color adjustment layers in the first one I'll choose red color and move the magenta slider to the right and then choose the yellow color and do the same this makes the face just a tiny bit more pink and for the second selective color adjustment layer I'll just duplicate the one I already have restore the sliders to default and then move the yellow slider to the right which will add yellow tones to the red areas of the face this change is very subtle but necessary in my opinion selective color adjustment layer is very powerful and if you haven't used it before I greatly suggest you try it out and see what you can achieve with it step 7 to make the face contrast even stronger I'll once again create a new curves adjustment layer but this time I'll make an s-curve on the graph as you can see on the screen I'll make sure to clip it to the original layer because I want it to affect only the body of our subject and nothing else step eight I want to make everything a little bit brighter and I'll easily achieve this with an exposure adjustment layer in which I'll move the exposure slider slightly to the right this same effect can be done with a curves adjustment layer too you just need to move the slider up step 9. there are some areas on his face that are extra red so I'd like to tone it down for example at the front of his hair on these three places below so to remove it I'll create one more selective color adjustment layer and by affecting only the red color I'll move the first slider to the right this will tone down the red tones which is exactly what I want once I have the sliders right I'll invert the layer mask and with a brush tool I'll paint over the areas I want to remove step 10 lips may look a bit too pink here so let's change it to Red which is more realistic you guessed it I'll do this by creating yet another selective color adjustment layer in the settings I'll choose the color magentas and I'll move the sliders around until I get the result I am happy with and most of the thumbnails Mr Beast has a mouth wide open and his tongue is very visible if that was the case here I'd apply the same technique that I used for lips to color correct it and for the final step I'll add the edge highlights if we take a look at Mr Beast thumbnails you can notice there's a white outline at the edge of his face the intensity and position of this depends on the environment and the light source but for the sake of showing you how I do it I'll apply the effect to both sides of his face I'll just create a new adjustment layer that's 100 white the way I choose to do it is the human saturation adjustment layer but it can also be done in so many other ways the main reason I like to do it this way is in case I need to change the background later and the source light is for example green then I can easily open the adjustment layer and change the color of it once I have the white layer I'll invert the mask pick a soft brush tool change the flow to 15 or 20 percent and slowly paint over the edges of the face if the intensity is too strong I'll lower the opacity of the layer to make it look more right step 12. now that I think I'm done with the edits I'll select all of it and convert to a Smart object this way I'll turn 16 layers into one and later if I have to go in and change certain adjustments I can just open the smart object and edit it in there this is extremely useful if you're working with hundreds of layers inside your project anyway now that I have the complete edit package inside of one smart object I can apply the camera raw filter to it inside the camera raw filter I'll boost the texture and sharpest sliders to bring more details I don't want it to affect the whole face so I'll select the smart filters mask and inverted with the soft brush tool selected then I'll paint over the areas of high interest and detail such as eyes mouth and beard and just like that we're done here's the comparison from before and after the great thing about this workflow is that every setting and value can easily be Revisited later and corrected if necessary and to thank you for stopping by and watching this video I've included a download link for the Photoshop action that instantly creates all the necessary adjustment layers with just one click this saves me a lot of time when I edit faces and thumbnails and I hope it will save some time for you as well if you've got any questions you can find me on Twitter at the Joseph Blaze or Discord server thumbnails 101 cheers foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @donsaism [1 likes]: you couldnt be more clear ? its hard for someone new
  2. @MORONIC_official [1 likes]: What editing app is this?
  3. @honestreviews3668: Its not free anymore?
  4. @stickhrk: How do I turn the adjustment layers into inverted layer masks?
  5. @JSanPizzaMan: This made my face look so much better! Thank you!
  6. @ivanguevara5961: this video actually made my thumbnails so much better thanks
  7. @14blond64: when i try to paint on the inverted layer mask it doesnt work nothing happens😭
  8. @EstebanAi: Thanks man!  This was awesome
  9. @FizzyGoldTing: 4:05 is the color we choose depending on the persons eye color?
  10. @BenedictTownsend: amazing tutorial, I look a bit like MrBeast so this is INCREDIBLY useful for me lol
  11. @Retos107: The photoshoped beast look really uncanny
  12. @cryptopresale: i couldn't clip the layer copy to the original one
  13. @AnasXP_2009: do it in photopea
  14. @poki_underground: Why do i get "layer is not editable' error
  15. @MiahMunch: I guess the action pack isn't free anymore since thumbnails101 makes you pay $50
  16. @Boldark: this effect and thumbnails are a cancer for youtube
  17. @BasementBeatz412: Excellent video.
  18. @syedhasnain7456: hi do you need a website
  19. @salome4178: Amazing tutorial thank you
  20. @AzzhanArif: really helpful thanks!

- How to Make a MrBeast Thumbnail in Photoshop: Kind: captions Language: en what's going on creators and creatives my name is D welcome to the channel in today's video we're going to be recreating this Mr Beast thumbnail but using my face I'm going to take you guys along the process of how I would create a Mr Beast thumbnail and we'll compare the two at the end if you're new here I'm a thumbnail designer with over 7 years of experience and I've worked with some of the biggest creators on YouTube if you want to learn more about creating thumbnails then be sure to subscribe and now let's start designing okay so in order to recreate this thumbnail I'm going to need a picture of myself I really really tried my best to get the perfect picture that matches the perspective and angle of Mr Beast here it is it's not perfect but I think it'll work so let's start cutting myself out to do so I'm just going to grab the magic wand tool come over to select subject and use the cloud version and it usually does a pretty pretty good job there we go it's not perfect but now I just go in with the brush tool and refine The Mask there we go now that I'm all cut out let's start working on the color correction so to do this the first thing that I'm going to do is add a camera raw filter So within camera raw filter I'm going to increase the exposure turn down the contrast because I will paint the highlights and shadows artificially afterwards I'm going to bump up the Shadows a ton just so that there's not any harsh Lighting on my face I'm liking how this is looking I pushed everything a little bit more yellow and a tiny bit more pink now in the effects tab I'm going to bump up the texture I'm going to decrease the clarity just so that my skin looks a lot smoother and dehaze it a tad bit there we go next up in the curves section let's do a little scurve just to give a little bit more cont contr I'm liking the look of that next let's head over to the color mixer and make everything pop a little bit more and make my face look a little more natural cuz right now everything is a little too red for my liking and there we go I sharpened the image a tiny bit and increased the noise reduction a little bit but I'm liking how this is looking straight out of the camera filter so next let's start adding all the other effects there we go the camera raw filter is done and I'm loving how it's looking right now but before we move on to any other steps I want to line myself up with Mr BEAST's thumbnail and make sure I'm in the right position and the angle is looking good so let's go ahead and do that the first issue that I'm noticing with my image is that my head is turned the wrong way so to fix this I'm going to cut out my head from my body and just flip it horizontally from the image image so I'm going to duplicate myself and cut my head out from the rest of my body there we go nice and easy boom now we just have a floating head oh man I kind of look good as Mr Beast okay so I know this is looking a little wonky right now it definitely does not look good at all but I just want to get everything lined up and I might have to cut some more things out to match the perspective that I want so let me go fiddle with that right now okay so I cut my arm out I have everything where I want it to be next I think I'm going to need to use some generative fill to get rid of my face over here and give me a neck because right now I don't have one and I kind of need one so let me go do that and I will be right back okay nice now my second head is gone and it's just my first head so let's try and add in my neck now there we go and now my neck is finally added now I just need to get rid of my bracelet and touch up my bicep area where my arm goes underneath my shirt so that should be pretty simple let me do that and I will be right back okay I got everything lined up pretty perfectly now I think we're able to move on to the next step of making my face look more like Mr Beast Face Effects let's start start first by doing some dodging and burning and adding some highlights and also some Shadows okay so I'm doing some dodging right now and I'm trying to match it as much as I can to Mr BEAST's original image from the thumbnail okay so this is looking pretty pretty good it's a little much right now but I'm going to lower the opacity of the dodging now let's move on to the burning and adding some Shadows following the same exact process as the highlights except this time I'm adding in the shadows I like to use this to kind of Contour my face and pull all the focus to the center of my face and my eyes and uh darken any hair there we go after some dodging and burning everything is looking very very nice here is the before and here is the after now I think we can start to whiten my teeth and my eyes and just bring out some of the colors some more to do this I usually just paint over my teeth and the whites in my eyes switch it to color and then duplicate the layer one more time and switch it to soft light just so that it brightens up there we go my teeth are whitened now let's do the same thing to my eyes there we go now let's just repeat these similar steps to my arm and my hands just to emphasize it a little more and make it more congruent with the effects on my face there we go now everything is looking so so good I also added a color balance here to make everything a little more pink and to match Mr be's skin tone a little bit more I think I just found the perfect image to use for this thumbnail over on enado element we have this picture that I think is going to work perfectly so let's download it and throw it into the thumbnail so I traced out the outline of the branch and where I want it to be so now let's go ahead and throw on the log texture onto this branch and see how we're liking it now I am loving how this is looking I had to duplicate the log a couple times just to fill in all of the space of the branch that I wanted but it's looking pretty good next we have to match the color of the tree banch more so with the color in Mr Beast thumbnail and also fix up these lines where you can tell that I duplicated the image a couple times so to do that I'm going to add a brown layer clipping mask right on top of the logs set it to color mode and that should fix up that little bluish tone that we have going on here here there we go the Brown is looking much much better now let's just fix the jagged edges there we go I fixed up the edge down here the way that I'm doing it is by grabbing a very soft brush on 1% flow and just kind of deleting or adding to places that I think need to look better just like this and there we go I think that looks a lot better now let's start adding some shadows and some highlights all right and there we go I added in some Shadows on the underside here just by painting over with a black or dark brown brush as well as some highlights that I painted over just with a white brush on a low flow and I added a color balance just to make it match with the log and Mr be thumbnail some more I think this is looking so so awesome now that the general Shadows are added to the log let's start adding the contact Shadows underneath my arm or right where my shirt is pressed up against the log to do this I'm going to be following the same exact steps as what I was doing earlier just like this painting over and now just a big General Shadow already looking so much better just with that one simple Shadow now I'm just going around the fingers and adding General Shadows where I think they should be obviously this is never going to be perfect but the more you study and the more you kind of observe how real Shadows are the easier this will be for you nice this is looking so good look at that difference now I think the next step is to add some contact Shadows to my arm and my shirt same thing as the log but this time on myself I'm liking how this is looking now still a bit rough Shadows are always so so tough to replicate and to get right but I think we've done a great job so far now I think we're good to move on to some of the scarring and scratches that Mr Beast has on his face as well as his arms and hands so the way that I like to do this is I like to grab my lasso tool and make a couple very rough selections and then fill them in with a dark red brush now we take this layer create a clipping mask over it let's grab a more red brush fill in the bigger areas with the lighter red and now we can go into the layer styles of this and add in some highlights and shadows there we go I added a couple inner sh shadows and a Inner Glow I have my Shadows kind of showing the indentation in the skin itself and showing the layers of the skin now I think we should add some red glow around these cuts to kind of make it look like it's irritated and it just happened and it's not really healed yet there we go I just took a brush this color and just put it over the cuts put it on linear burn and made sure the blend if was on and uh brought back some of the whites in the skin now let's add some similar scratch marks over here as well as some more Cuts in my fingers I think my arm is complete now I just repeated the steps that I did onto my arm onto my hands as well now let's add in this little scar Mark he has on his face and throw it onto my face following those same steps boom there we go this is looking so so good next let's move on to the little teddy bear down here he looks so cute and so friendly yeah I found this 3D model on invado elements and I think I'm going to use it for the body of the bear I still need to find a different image for the head but we can do that right after this there we go I also found this image online I think it's going to be perfect to use as the head and the mouth of the bear and just make it look vicious and evil and like it's about to attack me let's go ahead and combine these two images the first thing that we are going to do is cut out the head of the bear and throw it onto the body of the 3D model and see if it works okay I'm seeing some potential obviously some things still need to be cleaned up this does not look like a cohesive image but I think it works for what we need let's throw this guy in down here and line him up with the original there we go this guy is looking so scary nice I'm loving this now let's just use some generative fill to fill in this part of his leg that got cut off when we were cutting out the bear there we go this furry guy got his leg back now I'm going to refine the selection of his hair around his head just to kind of make it look like it is the same image to do that all I'm going to do is double click on the layer mask and come up here to refine hair now this gives us a very very good starting point there are still some things we need to fix up and clean but it is a lot better there we go this is looking so so much better now let's use some color balance and try and match the color of the Bear's head to its body there we go now it actually looks like one image but there is one problem the Bear in Mr BEAST's thumbnail is black and ours right now is brown so let's go and make this a black bear there we go using some simple adjustment layers I got a similar looking color to the original Bear right now now we need to go into each mask individually and mask out the areas that need to have their original color such as the mouth around the eyes and maybe some areas on its spine just like this already looking much better there we go it's looking so good now let's go ahead and make the Bear's mouth a lot more pink and bring out the teeth and the eyes some more there we go I'm whitening and brightening the Bear's teeth some more I honestly can't believe I'm doing that to a bear but you got to do what you got to do now let's go ahead and make the mouth a lot more pink and a lot more red there we go look at that mouth now I'm going to use generative fill and try and get better looking eyes to this bear a little more exaggerated and a little more open like the original in Mr Beast there we go look at those vicious eyes there we go this this is looking so sick nice I added a camera ra filter just to sharpen it up a bit more and now it's looking amazing now it's time to work on this background I don't think it'll be too hard let's get started I found this image online I think it comes from a 3D model but I think this will be perfect to use as the ground in our thumbnail here it is in the thumbnail and I love it I think it works perfect now let's add a camera raw filter to the ground make it a little brighter a little more saturated and we'll be good there we go we have applied the camera off filter now I'm going to find a dirt SL sand texture to kind of mix in with the background in these spots that don't have much grass here we go I found this image online and I think it's going to work perfect okay so I filled in the areas that need to be the dirt instead of the grass now let's see how it looks all combined and that looks pretty good for what it is right now let's do some more touching up and making sure it Blends almost seamlessly with the grass background there we go all I did was touch up the edges of the dirt and now it's already looking so much better now I just need need to find these little bushes and plants that are kind of around the edges of this thumbnail and fill them into to mine this 3D model from enado is going to work perfectly as our leaves all we need to do is rotate it up this way and download this image and just keep placing them around the thumbnail and there we go I've placed all the plants now we just got to make sure they look like they're are actually a part of the scene there we go now it is looking a lot more cohesive with the rest of the scene last but certainly not least we need to add in these shirt tear effects to my shirt so to do this I'm going to make a random messy selection in the shape that I want and fill it in with black for now next I'm going to find a smooth part of skin from my body and throw it over top of that selection so for this I'm going to use my hand since it has the most surface area going to take this selection put it over top of my mask and there we go now I'm going to select the original selection create a layer mask using that selection and then going to filter filter gallery and using the spatter effect there we go shout out to Joseph Blaze for teaching me how to do this this and getting a clean shirt tear so from there we go into the layer Styles we're going to add a inner shadow that is the edge of the shirt as well as another one on the top side and then a Inner Glow that is black to cast some Shadows onto my skin from there I'm going to make my skin a lot darker like it is underneath my shirt there we go now we can just have some fun with this mask and fill it in with a random scattered brush there we go we have one shirt tear completed repeating the same process for the small three little holes here I added the third shirt tear using the same process as the last two now all that's left is doing the same process for the scratches but finally right here guys this is incredible I think now we just need to add the text and the final camer all filter and we're going to be done there we go oh my God I I'm just so impressed with myself I love how this turned out now let's add the final camera ra filter yes oh my God I'm at a loss for words this turned out so so sick it's not exact it's not perfect but I think it's in my own way and in my own style and it's me I'm the face let's see mine versus Mr Beast I'm so proud of myself this looks incredible way better than I thought it would I hope you guys enjoyed if you did be sure to like the video comment if you learned something new And subscribe this is my third video ever the support on the last two videos has been insane so thank you guys so so much be sure to stick around for more and that's all I got I love you guys peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @NotRealValty [6 likes]: really wished u actually showed how to properly setup the dodge tool.. the shading and lighting with the paint brush is a MUST to do these thumbnails and you just cut that part out lol.
  2. @jamesdeen8786 [1 likes]: You skipped alot of steps in between & that doesn't make sense if you're mentioning "how to" in your title
  3. @Proo_fighter [1 likes]: There we go to skip this video😅😅
  4. @Godspeedmanlike [1 likes]: You literally didn’t go in deep.
  5. @M-xq6yk [1 likes]: How? You laterally show us the result of every step wihtout show us how to do it lol!!
  6. @eyeswideopenn-q2m [1 likes]: change the font font the subtitles it's unreadable
  7. @a2z_farm [1 likes]: Can you make a video on free software To use We're making  Thumbnails
  8. @LionRoars-v4s: I do the same thing for the teeth 🤣
  9. @edgyvenom153: Why don't you do all the video in private and get back with a final product?
  10. @ThumbnailSprint: Loveee
  11. @ksoydesign: Thats crazy! you r best Thumbnail maker
  12. @KryzysX: Watch Me Make a MrBeast Thumbnail
  13. @Roso-v5u: Thanks so much for this detailed turorial. Make some more
  14. @Ibnu.alharrani: Bro make a full tutorial from zero cuz i am a beginner in photoshop
  15. @HurshidbekAbdukhamidov: what a shit quality video bro, can't see any thing
  16. @Sleezy.Design: Nice work! I think they actually used the exact same image for the bear head! They just edited it more and in a different way. But the structure looks exaxtly identical, I really believe that's the same head. Just compare the mouth shape, teeth, nose and eyes. It's the same lol
  17. @maxwellanderson007: Cool
  18. @SaifGPX: bro do you have anythumbnail course
  19. @Nudah: Dawg you have genuinely saved my life LOL thank you
  20. @BroKreators: Muy buen laburo bro, saludos desde Argentina!

- How I Tricked The Internet: Kind: captions Language: en This… Who is that? Knock, knock. …is how I became the biggest streamer in the world. Now, you may be wondering… Why are you doing this? How on Earth did I appear in 50 different streamers' houses in one day at the same time? Oh! [exclaims] Well, I didn't, because I spent months recreating some of the biggest streamers' rooms in my studio, getting people from all over the world to find replica props just to recreate these rooms perfectly. Why? Because I'm the biggest YouTuber in the world, and I wanted to be the biggest streamer. Now, with everything fully built, it was time for the 50 streamers to arrive, and for me to reveal their rooms. How are you? You can come on inside. I know it's cold and wet. Come on over. Starting with IShowSpeed. What the hell, bro? -This is wild. -It feels exactly like I'm back home. This is wicked. Holy… you literally can't tell the difference. Then we showed Ludwig. -Wow! -That's tough. Bro, it looks nice. Dude, it's like uncanny, 'cause it's like, it's for sure my set-up, but like, there's little things that are just different spacing-wise. Then Pokimane. This is crazy! Like-- the exact same paintings, the exact same light wood, warm wood. Then we showed Lacy. How do you even manage to do this? How do you even, like… You cannot tell the difference. And of course, xQc. Replica-wise, this has to be one of the closest I've seen out of all of them. Some of the stuff in here is, like, rare and, like, hard to-- I'm crazy, they-- Did you tell them the story about-- It is, I mean, it is, but it isn't. How long you think it will take until chat figures it out? Just the fact that my camera angle is, like, zoomed in more. They'll notice. You gonna try to play it off or what? Oh, yeah. I'mma act like I'm doing my room. Look at that. -I'll get outta the way so you can see it. -Oh, my gosh. This is insane. Everything is crazy. The Lambo thing is crazy. I mean, this is, like, exactly the one I have at home, you know? Yeah, we broke into his house. My mom painted that. I won this. Like, how do you have this? There's a few things off, though. -What? -Can you tell? Don't say nothing. Uh… Look at this. This entire bed is actually toilet paper. That's a weird substitute. And looking back… Guys, can we not? maybe we should've made this an actual bed. Get off my damn bed! Hey! Hey! Hey! [screams] Oh, my gosh. [clears throat] Anyways, in total, we fully recreated eight streamer rooms. We also built 20 blue screen rooms, which allowed us to replace the background with that streamer's actual house, which turned out to be pretty funny. [chuckles] [laughing] Where did Marlon go? Okay. Oh… After getting these streamers prepped, it was time to send them back to their hotels, ready for tomorrow. On the morning of the shoot, we still had streamers arriving, and plenty to do to get everybody in place. How's it going? You made it out. Bro, look at this guy. You guys gonna break the internet? I think a lot of people are gonna start going live in the next 10 minutes. Come on in. If this whole stunt has even the slightest chance of working, the streamers are gonna need to feel comfortable, just like they're at home. So I'm gonna leave it up to them when they want to go live. Hello? Is this thing on? Because what could be more suspicious than the most popular streamers on the planet all starting their stream at the same time? Yo, what's good, chat? Man, we back in LA. We have quite the stream for you. How many people are live? How we feeling this fine, lovely morning? I'm excited. [hollers] Things were off to a good start. Try to get as many as we can live. But I knew we needed to keep up the pace, 'cause when you're dealing with the internet, word travels fast. Recreating these rooms was no easy task, but it could be one single thing that gives it all away when you're live streaming to millions of people. The smallest details, like xQc's figurines, the exact props on Pokimane's shelf, Ludwig's artwork, Lacy's sculptures, and so much more had to be perfect. [singing] We are home. You guys are gonna love what we have in store today. It was great. One by one, these streamers were pulling their fans' focus to my studio, where I had something very special planned for them. I am at home, living the life, at home. But it was only a matter of time before people started asking questions. I'm at home, like, can't you tell? Sketch, why do you have chains on at eight in the morning? It's because I'm compensating for something. And then it finally happened. Pretty sure I can go live. Like I don't-- [gasps] -Are you live? -Yes. -You're live? -Yes… Wait, wait, wait-- That ruins everything. -What are you doing? -They said I could go live. Oh, gosh. What have I-- -[gasps] Jimmy! -Nice to finally meet you! How's it goin'? I did the green screen and they kinda knew immediately. Oh… But it was, it, I think, uh-- everyone tell Jimmy it looked great. 'Cause it did look great. Try to keep it-- Hey. Shh. -Try to be "shh" for just a minute. -You blew it, Emily. We had a leak. As time went on, word spread. L acting. Bro, no. I moved some things around… Some people got so confused that they didn't even think the rooms were real. Guys, what is an AI background? "Sus." Nothing is sus. Holy green screen. This is not a green screen. I have to hand it to the streamers. It's a green screen. So, how do I pick up this shoe in a green screen? They tried to keep the secret any way they could. How can I pick up a Justin Jefferson jersey? Stop saying it's a f****** green screen! If you say that one more time… I will threaten one of you. [banging noise] I figured it was about time I'd go say hi to the viewers. I don't wanna be a diva, but… I'm a Delta Diamond member. And I flashed my card-- [stutters] I'm telling a story here. No, no, no. You keep telling your story. I'm telling a story-- I'm Delta Diamond, Jimmy. Yeah, Delta Diamond's back. Should I come say hi, too? Oh, yeah. What's up? We all flew to Quackity's house. You know what's crazy? No one has any idea. Oh, really? Yeah. Guys, I'm just gonna say it. I'm in a f****** studio right now. How did y'all get this to a T? Wow, they really didn't know. They're like, "What?" -Wow. -They had no idea. While we fooled some, we could not fool them all. Stand up? What'd you mean? All right, bet-- And if I'm being honest… Hey, what's good, bro? What the f--? I'm gonna sit on the couch, all right? It kinda worked out better that way. Yo. Yo! You missed the couch. Not only was the secret out… Oww! So were these streamers. Bro, don't! From one room to the next, they started showing up everywhere. It's not my stream. I don't have my socks off. You got decent feet. Do you ever get-- [laughs] -Can I have it? -Yeah. Damn. He's gonna eat it later. Surprisingly, it wasn't until the secret started to leak out… -Let's go harass the others streamers. -All right. that things got interesting. Where's my fridge? Oh, thank you. Thank you, man. [shouting] Ew! Guys, I thought I'd just bring the landlord. Is this your house, Poki? -Yes! And you own it. -And this where you live? Hey! We got you a gift! They think it's not even you, though. AI MrBeast. Tell me what to do to prove I'm not AI. Later today, Poki might win you guys a million dollars. Yo. What's good, mud? Uh, hey, tough room you got here. I appreciate it, muddy. -It's mad hot in here. -Is it? Oh, is that a new fridge? I can unwrap it? Yeah, you can unwrap it. Right, right. No, no-- -Lacy, Lacy… -Mar! Mar! Mar! Mar! I told you it wasn't a green screen. It's blue. Ah! Yo! Oh! What the-- [yelling] My bad, J. My bad, J. Ooh! [yelling] Agh! What went wrong? -I just heard screaming. -What the-- How does MrBeast just pull up? I think the fun ones are over here. What's going on in this-- Oh. The secret was 100% out. And what happened next was basically a full-on livestream takeover of my entire facility. Guys, this looks like a TV show. It's actually really cute. Is this Speed's room? Hey, hey, hey! Wait! You guys gotta knock in my room. Really Beast? They just followed me. Whoa… What is happening? Get off my damn bed, bro! Come cuddle! If y'all don't get up in ten seconds, something bad is gonna happen, y'all. Hey, hey, hey-- [yelling] Get out of my room! Can you juggle this soccer ball? Go. -Oh! -Wait… Why's your soccer ball made of cake? And outside of Speed's room, things were getting weird. Did you just smell my hand? How is that family-friendly, Sketch? I'm not family-friendly. Someone say family-friendly? [yells] Nick Eh 30! You're the king! Nick Eh 30, bro! Speed! It's really family-friendly Nick right here. -Bro, I didn't know you was here. -Yeah, yeah. While this whole giant, practical joke was insanely fun, there was still one bit of business to tend to. Speed has a huge announcement. He's having a baby. Really? Why is he pushing out his insecurity out on me? No comment. I'm not actually having a baby. The reason everyone's here is because we have 50 of the biggest streamers We're putting them in a cube. And whoever leaves last wins a million dollars for their viewers. Yeah, chat, that's what's actually happening, y'all. Speed's gonna co-host with me. We've never hosted things before. Can I see you introduce a challenge? We're going to be putting 50 streamers inside of a cube. Like and subscribe. Also, Feastables! Comment down below your favorite Feastables. Peanut butter, milk chocolate-- [claps] -Close. What Speed forgot to mention is how I use Shopify to sell Feastables. Shopify powers my business and allows me to give Feastables to you guys. They even have Sidekick, a built-in co-founder that helps bring killer ideas to life. If I needed help marketing my chocolate, I could just ask… Hey, Sidekick, what's something cool I can do on a livestream that would give my peanut butter cups attention? Okay, not bad. One thing these streamers all have in common is they're building a brand. And that's where Shopify comes in clutch. Whether you sell chocolate like me, or hoodies, or shoes, or whatever other things these creators sell, Shopify is there for them to turn it into a business. Go to shopify.com/mrbeast to turn that dream, that idea you've always had, into a business right now. But also, I did indeed trap 50 of these streamers inside this cube. To everyone watching the streams, say goodbye to your viewers. -Bye! -Let's kill it. Kill the stream. And if you haven't yet… Close the line! Welcome to the cube, y'all. Go check out this video on the main channel. They trying to get the Twitch CEO out playing like that? You won't regret it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [10000 likes]: Emily's awesome, her and none of the other streamers should be receiving any hate, this was a lot of fun bringing everyone together :)
  2. @Q-X-Z [2 likes]: Ok great
  3. @mazonkayt2 [1 likes]: Airrack call you
  4. @mazonkayt2 [1 likes]: 😮m
  5. @josedat [1 likes]: ❤los esrimers mas famosos del mundos estan en un dormitorio falso😅😅😅😅😅eeeeee
  6. @bilologli [1 likes]: subscribe
  7. @ЗинураКарабайва [1 likes]: “Hello MrBeast, I’m from Uzbekistan. Feastables isn’t available in Uzbekistan, so please bring Feastables to stores in Uzbekistan too 🙏 I really want to try Feastables.”
  8. @mcdream-k3e7b [1 likes]: Deam !
  9. @BittuSingh-p8w: Sir please help me 😢😢
  10. @RakeshBhuyan-n1f: Bhai Main ek middle class se hun Garib ka ladka hun Meri jindagi mein kuchh bada karna chahta hun aapane Apne Jahan Se zero level se Youtube ko start kiya tha maybe voice start karna chahta hun Chhota bhai samajh madad kar do🙏🙏🙏📈🥺🙏
  11. @RakeshBhuyan-n1f: Namaste guruji
  12. @beachgmd: bro she sold
  13. @augustin_omk: Mrbeast i want a challenge.
  14. @bananafriend2264: This might sound rude but how often do you have to watch these people to catch on that their room are ever so slightly off i couldnt tell the diffence in my own room 😂
  15. @Kimclub1701: A veces la gente es pendeja, pero esto es pasarse de lanza.
  16. @lacroix2879: Anyone with a computer fast enough to watch Twitch can afford recreating Asmongold's room 🤣
  17. @kenitratelecomkenitratelec4661: 5:25 who called steak
  18. @Abrababam: El Abrababam 4:03
  19. @gerardojrtv5083: A la mauser , es el jefe IBAY
  20. @AndreiUmali-g3v: Ishowpeed already the biggest streamer in the world

- MrBeast Hits Back at "Clickbait" Headlines: Kind: captions Language: en you want me to respond to this honestly yeah sure headlines like this got me in trouble with the Egyptian government if you want Ronaldo to hang out with you again don't smell him definitely don't bark at him maybe just act normal Mr Beast to officially Place bid for Tik Tok purchase you guys just write articles on everything don't you gez obviously it' just be awesome you better follow Jimmy he's going to ask you show me toss me that phone toss it here I see if he follows me why are you downplaying my records well Jimmy you know what it's cool views I looked in my rearview mirror and I was like oh I think this person's following me and I just remember thinking like what the is my life I don't want to be famous Jimmy welcome to click baited thank you I want to get your take on some headlines that we wrote about you across the years oh gosh first off do you read much of doto stuff I like when you guys like tweet the summaries of it I usually read it and then uh you know if it's super spicy I I'll go over to the article and give it a read I mean you guys you guys put out a lot of Articles that's true we do we do Ian like how many articles have you written on me specifically uh so actually that's a question that we have for you we have the data from 2021 but how many articles do you think and we'll we'll answer it at the end I mean I feel like at this point it's like every week you probably have written what like 60 on me since 2021 yeah I would say like 60 okay okay interesting it's a lot higher watch to the end of find out um okay cool well let's bring up the first headline Mr Beast literally rented out the Egyptian pyramids for upcoming YouTube video can can I uh you want to want me to respond to this honestly yes yeah sure yeah headlines like this got me in trouble with the Egyptian government cuz we didn't literally rent the pyramids uh they uh let us use the pyramids for a 100 hours um but we didn't technically rent it so after literally after you guys ran this story I know I'm not even joking this is actually a perfect we got you in trouble with the Egyptian government no no I'm not even joking after you guys ran the story The the high-ups in the Egyptian government called us and they're like are you telling people we rented out the pyramids we don't rent them out and I was like no it's just that's just you know the article they wrote and then your article went super viral and everyone was like uh calling me about it and like I had at least 50 like famous people go yo how much does it cost I want to rent out the someone was like I want to rent out the pyramids for my bar mitz Fone I was like you can't rent out the pyramids and they're like linking your article well sorry Jimmy it's my bad just don't go to Egypt and what was your kind of biggest challenge with Egypt obviously it wasn't rented as we've now now we stop just dro the literally in then maybe after this just go edit the title The thing about the three great pyramids of Egypt is uh they're literally one of the seven wonders of the world yeah and uh you know it's kind of the National Treasure of Egypt and arguably the coolest thing on the planet so uh I thought it was just a pipe dream that we'd ever get access to him like I kind of said it as a joke I was like oh I want you know I would love to have the pyramids SP seven days in it couldn't get seven days but after like talking with the month after month they slowly like warmed up to the idea and I was like oh we're getting somewhere and eventually I mean it it took so many twist turns at one point we were talking with the United Nations I mean it was crazy all the Hoops he had to jump through and eventually my team's like we got a yes and I didn't believe it I until I actually started filming the pyramids I was in constant doubt like n this isn't actually going to happen and then you know they they gave me the keys I explored it and I mean it's a really good video also I know you said we got in you in trouble with the Egyptian government we also there was a bit of a storm on Twitter as well that we kind of started as well oh yeah someone also got 400,000 likes don't I mean this article just caused a lot of issues for me I don't know why you is that why you made us do this podcast at 3:00 a.m. uh yes and my P yeah I uh I'm filming uh Hey to be clear it's 2:30 a.m. um but yeah I'm filming a video with 100 people in 100 circles and I was supposed to finish filming like you know four hours ago but they've just been waiting to film this podcast now now we're even we'll chalk it up as one1 and yeah I think he called you a white devil which is nice yeah I when I brought up that tweet notice how I didn't mention that part yeah I didn't want to don't want to relive it but you know sorry jimy that's what we do here um so yeah and and when it comes to like Twitter in general like when people give you kind of negative feedback like how do you how do you respond to that like what's your kind of take on it cuz you it's just impossible to please everybody it is well especially on My Size because hundreds of millions of people watch the videos like that's the thing is you have to when you're at this level you have to have your own moral and ethical code and you have to just like you have have to have something you stand on and believe in and and if you believe what you're doing is moral and you believe it's ethical um I know this sounds weird because we make YouTube videos and stuff but you have to kind of like there there's always going to be opinions on both sides and like you have to figure out what it is you value and what is correct and good to you and then um yeah and once once you have that and you firmly believe in it it doesn't matter if if other people are telling you like no you shouldn't use your money to help 2,000 people walk in you should use your money to do this thing or I don't agree with blah blah blah it's like you know I I can read it and it's just like well this is what I want to do this is what I believe in and um I think it's that but when you don't have that and you're just at the whim of whatever the internet says that's where I think it'll just drive you mad because then you're always trying to please everyone and that's just impossible you know and then you're just going to be dissatisfied does that make you less inclined to do kind of educational style stuff because it is kind there often is a conflict around that uh no I'd actually say in the past I didn't do as much educational stuff because it's very hard to make educational content entertaining and but that's something I'm trying to work in more and more of my videos pyramids there's a lot of educational stuff and the video we did recently where we helped 2,000 people walk again we really focused on educating like about how Insurance sometimes denies people Prosthetics and how you know you can donate Prosthetics and how Prosthetics change their lives and like I tried to work more on that in I would say it's more just a lack of skill like Mark Rover does it really well like he makes these really big entertaining spectacles that also educate you and Mark Rover is like uh you know one of the very few people on the platform that can do both entertainment plus education like there's a different way of saying it is there's like very few YouTubers I know that a 12-year-old would be like yo that guy makes amazing content that's also educational Mark Rover is one of them amazing uh let's hit the next one Mr Beast set over 28 Guinness World Records for Beast games Amazon show uh yeah actually you know it was 50 World Records but 50 yeah was to say was I was going to say they're literally downstairs you want to I was going to say on on the impulsive podcast you did say over 40 records so um that's obviously the Beast games themselves insane why why you downplaying my record well I'm going to speak to the writer about it but uh but uh yeah did he just make up a random number or did I say 28 somewhere I think I think the have definitely said at 28 at some point when we when we wrote the article but then after that you'd said over 40 but I think as well because oh that might have CU I might have said that while was still in the process of filming it okay I was like did this guy just make up a random number no not this time um uh yeah but so so many records broken kind of what was the what was your favorite record that was broken and what's the most Niche one do you think yeah my favorite one's definitely largest cash prize of history I mean isn't that crazy that of every uh competition reality show that's ever happened no one's giving away more money in a single season than us we have the largest grand prize isn't that crazy that is crazy this also come out after it's a the last air as well so we can talk about oh you know what and uh you know I say we give away $5 million you know um I can't say anything else besides that I know spoilers but yes it we in in the first season of Beast games we give away over $20 million between all the prizes we give out which is also another world record but the thing is it's not even like we were like uh trying to break all these World Records we were just doing it and we just had a Guinness person there and they were just like oh this is world record and I was like oh cool I was just I just need a giant ping pong cup you know how hard is it to work with a company like Amazon where you they they used to doing things in a certain way I'm sure you got a lot of feedback but you can tell from the Beast games itself that there's definitely a lot of YouTube Element to it in terms of retention like you know did you have to kind of push back on them was there any back and forth in terms of about what you wanted to do or was it kind of it's the Jimmy show it was horrible okay I'm just kidding no U the reason we went with Amazon is because uh so we talked to every streaming platform but uh all the other ones just wanted like control over the edit and creative control and this or that and um I was like hey guys I you know I get like 200 million views a video I kind of have a rough idea what my audience wants like can I just you know make a show I think my audience will like and some platforms were like no I was like oh it's a little weird but Amazon was like yeah that makes sense you seem to know how to make content your audience likes go for it and so that's why I ultimately chose Amazon is because they gave us control over the edit they let us make the show we wanted to make and For Better or Worse that's what I got um I'm very happy with how it turned out like in hindsight there are definitely some things things I would change and and do better and so season 2 is going to be infinitely better but uh I'm so grateful like Amazon was awesome to work with I mean like you know we I've never done something at this scale before so there's times where I was behind on deadlines or you know maybe we we're like edit the video episode ones do the edit on this day and I'm like hey I know this is a deadline but if you give me like another week I can make it better and you know is there any way we could just change all these systems and processes and this is a big company but they were always willing to work with with me and it was I'm so glad I went with Amazon so Beast games obviously a huge um competition but you know you you're a very busy man as we've kind of witnessed here you kind of doing so many different mean it's only 2:30 so how did you how did you fit that into your schedule like how did you even get enough time to do it like was that kind of quite a stressful time in your life oh it's brutal because the thing is we were consistently uploading on YouTube even though we filmed Beast games so the thing is like we basically I filmed every day for like 60 days so two months leading up to it I was just doing main Channel video main Channel video main Channel video so then we could backlog videos so then and then Beast games we filmed 15 hours a day every day for basically 45 days straight um and then we burned through the backlog of the videos so then I come out of Beast games and it's like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we have no main Channel videos and so now it's main so it it's basically like probably like five months of basically filming every single day it was it was it was brutal it's very brutal does that take a allll on kind of like you know the relationships that you have like you know you're just recently engaged does that does that take a toll on that relationship did you guys write an article on me proposing yeah we did yeah man these guys got everything uh yeah it definitely uh it takes a toll on everything I mean like it's it's uh it's a weird like being a a top tier YouTuber you could almost compare it to like it's a weird comparison I know some people are going to clip this and be like the ego but it's almost like being a a top tier athlete like you always have to be on point like you're it's not a thing that you just uh deserve it's something you got to wake up and earn every single day and like you know there are millions of people who want to be YouTuber there tens of millions of people who want to be YouTubers there are millions of YouTubers I believe that do a full-time as a career there are like there are you know probably 20 30 50 million people who want to be me who want to be the biggest YouTuber in the world who are you know and there are millions that are obsessing every day over how they can take my spot how they can Dethrone me not like specifically get 300 million subscribers but they that's that's what their dream in life is to be the biggest and so you know it's just a thing that like if you want to stay on top you just got to make a lot of sacrifice to be honest so obviously there's been um huge support for it there has been a lot of um you know you've been top of Amazon on various different charts yeah um and obviously as the episodes keep releasing we expect that to continue but it's not always been positive hit it Mr Beast hits back at critic for negative review of Beast games calling it painful so yeah you know I think one thing that I noticed when a lot of the reviews came out I think it was only based on a couple of episodes yeah and you know there was especially the the mainstream media they seem to kind of have a different opinion to it to the audience um I mean if we look at Rotten Tomatoes I think it's 13% critic score but 90% audience score yep yeah is it frustrating to see that well what's interesting is the the critic score is based off of eight critics so it's like when people reference the critic score Ron tomato it's like you're literally just referencing eight people whereas when you look at our our popcorn score which is probably over 10,000 reviews it's 90% nine out of 10 but then you look at the critics score would you say it was three out of 10 I looked at 10 originally at the time it was two I think the tweet that you responded to was that it was um I think you said yeah one sad person who doesn't like me can just label something a thousand people pour their lives into a two out of 10 when it's clearly not yeah well so the thing is all those uh so all the reviews on Rotten Tomatoes came out when only two of the 10 episodes had dropped so they rated the entire series based off of two episodes most of the reviews came in like right when the show dropped so I don't think they watched the show and they just rated it one star so I mean here's the thing like not everyone's going to like the show and so it's just like if if someone objectively watches all 10 episodes and they say it's terrible then that's their opinion and and then all I would ask is hey could you tell me like why and then I'll work to improve it in the future so at the end of the day I make the show to entertain the audience not eight random critics so it just is what it is you know what I mean um in the show itself I find that there's kind of a lot of um psychology yeah they've been there for a month they all love each other supposedly but then but when the time comes yeah exactly it's right in the back when it comes to the psychology of that you know do you have help there do you speak with kind of um people who who delve in that area or is it kind of just purely just what you and your guy what you and your team have come up with um yeah like to for the game through and game creation yeah just in terms of like um you know when you're going to you know when you're going to potentially make people stab each other in the back or we don't make anyone do anything to be clear there's no making of doing of things we put them in a scenario where they could also be a hero but they choose to stab each other them back um but yeah no I get what you're saying yeah it's uh I just have like you said you have a phenomenal team that writes good articles I have a phenomenal team that just writes great games like we I mean I it's hard to imagine of a company that's come up with more games in the last couple years than us I'm there might be I don't know I'm just making things up but like you know Beast games like we invented so many games that just have never existed before um and that's something like I've just got a killer team that very creative and um yeah they're just like every week coming up with like 10 20 games that don't exist I'm like that's weird but occasionally I'm like yo that's good you know and just save them and use them em do you have a kind of have a challenge where people have to do something you're like do you feel bad about it at all because there's so many like in in the episodes there's so many people that are like you know I'm do you know a lot of the people a lot of the theme at least that is that a lot of people are struggling a lot of people need help and so then to be able so then to eliminate someone that you know has essentially been kind of talking about their trauma or their issues or whatever it is is that hard sometimes to to kind of that yeah there there all the times there are moments where CU I like Beast games I did nothing but film this for 45 days I was there on set you know 15 hours plus a day every day I got to know a ton of these contestants especially deeper in I was spending every night you know just hanging out with them by the fire or whatever at the park that we had in the city and just you know hearing all their stories and so it was even more brutal for Beast games on some of these because like I actually knew a lot about they weren't just random people I knew a lot about their stories and then when they got eliminated it hurt but that's also why we gave every single person $2,000 that showed up and um you know it's it just one thing that a lot of people don't see is like uh after these like season one of Beast games we got so many emails and messages from people saying like you know you know I obviously I was sad I didn't win the money but I didn't realize how many friends I made and like I you know I just got hung out with these three people and we did this thing or I just BL I made like like there's this one email that I I occasionally just randomly think of I don't know why but when I read it I was like whoa I was not expecting this like this one lady said that she just after like college she just didn't make that many friends and she like works from home and like Beast games was like the first time in like 10 years she'd really gotten out of the house and she made so many friends and it like made her so much more opt she very long email about how it changed her life and like you made her way more confident and she's like I don't even care that I didn't win money I'm just so glad about the experience and we get so many messages like that which you wouldn't think but you know these are just normal people right not uh as far as I know no one that competed in Beast games was a millionaire they're just like all just typical people working typical jobs and so like to be able to experience something like that and like get out of their comfort zone and meet new people and comp in these challenges like I I think a lot of them got things out of it that um you know weren't just monetary you know what was H what's been your biggest takeaway from Beast games and you kind of mentioned it just before there season two is there any details on that can you share anything is can't talk about is it nothing about season two I can't say yet but I'm sure when the time comes you'll see a deserto article on it um but uh no doubt just like yeah exactly just like every little other thing in my life you'll you'll be there um so we're just keeping a track of your history you know what I mean you can just if you ever unsure what you've done or what's being said you can just go on the desert Mr beast perfect you can just have a look down you should just have a Mr Beast tab we do oh really not not at the top but this time yeah you should just literally just put one up I mean we're going to move on now to uh the biggest article in terms of views that we had um so really on your website on on our website since 20 2021 of the number of articles that we'll mention at the end this is the one that got the most how many views uh I think it was a couple of hundred thousand at least um if not more maybe a few yeah this this put this article got a few million views on deserta just based on this title yeah Mr Beast urges man to change his name to avoid getting sued who who did I so you remember this no who did I tell to change his name so it's actually oh wait wait was it de nut it is yes Ah that's funny did you have any other unexpected copyright disputes like that is anyone cuz you must get people all the time trying to oh yeah fake suits all the time was there any other the scrap names or flavors that you didn't end up releasing cuz you were like oh maybe that's scrap names not not really I'm more just uh I mean this the thing that pops my head is like I I had like uh it is really diff like so on our peanut butter bar it just says peanut butter but like for like weeks I was like should it say creamy peanut butter would people like it more if it said creamy peanut butter or just peanut butter and so not scrap names but like that that's the kind of stuff I deal with can be one of those fusel bars just throw it right beside you thank you that was a good throw where does febles rank in your kind of priorities clearly not high because we're doing a podcast there not even a feast yeah very high I mean a lot of my time in 24 went to solving ethical sourcing because there's a lot of unethical things that go on the chocolate supply chain and so um I don't even know if me and you have talked about this but uh most people don't realize this but majority of the Coco in the world comes from West Africa and 46% of labor on Coco farms in West Africa is child labor and so yeah it's pretty brutal so um when I found that out I was like oh this is this is a thing and so I went to all the big chocolate companies and truthfully a lot of people just didn't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I was like well I give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so that's what I spent a lot of time last year on which is figuring out you know how do we do that and the number one reason there is child labor in West Africa is because people don't pay their Farmers enough so since they're in such deep poverty they literally just can't afford to hire labor so they have to use kids or whatever child labor um and so the if you want to solve child labor in your supply chain you have to pay your Farmers a living income and so that's what we do 100% of Feasts Farmers make a living income which you know to calculate that obviously a living income in West Africa is different than a living income in USA which is different than living income in Japan so you we look at all the cost of like you know a house there or inflation or bread or whatever and then there's this thing called a living income reference price and that's what we guarantee our farmers will make in exchange for that we audit their Farms you know talk to the kids interview with the parents make sure there's not child labor going on yeah I'm just trying to show that like you can run a large scale chocolate ethically with the philanthropy work do you get a lot of negative feedback on that as well do you get more for that than you actually do for the for the rest of the stuff you do um that's an interesting question I mean I I think I said this on Theo Von and uh but yeah I uh is it weird to put my foot on the chair like this I don't know I don't care okay um I'll do it as well yeah you Jo me um yeah I uh you know I could upload a video where I do like $1 vacation versus $250,000 vacation no one cares like yeah it's a good video it'll do well but then if I upload a video where I help you know 2,000 people walk again or I built 100 wells in Africa that will give clean drinking water to a couple hundred thousand people over the lifetime of the wells yeah I mean if you open Twitter you'll see a lot of you know opinions on it um and so it is fascinating that like you know when I decide to take Millions upon millions of dollars and help people everyone has an opinion on it but you know when other people take millions of dollars and buy a mansion no one cares you know what I mean and yeah it just it it seems weird but it is what it is because like truthfully if you look at it like the philanthropic videos on my main channel are the worst performing videos so the worst performing videos saw that on Twitter actually you mentioned that you like I've uploaded this it's probably going to be a worst performing video oh it is yeah and which but they're the worst performing videos they're the videos that generate the most hate and like if I didn't do them people would criticize me way less but I don't really care I just do them because that's what I want to do and I think World War you know I help people's better than World War I don't and so it just kind of is what it is and that's what you know if you think listen back to when we started this that's why I was saying you have to have your own moral compass and code and like ethics and I believe what we're doing is helping people and I believe in what I'm doing and people complain as all they want but I'm not going to stop helping people you know what I mean I believe a world where there's 30 million less pounds of trash in the oceans better than one where there's not 20 million more trees clean drinking water for 100,000 people etc etc like they can complain all they want I'm not going to stop you know well talking not stopping it sounds like you're trying to add another thing to your resume uh so we'll go to the next one now I know the title of this one isn't necessarily quite accurate either however let's talk for it yeah Mr Beast takes private jet to officially Place bid for Tik Tok purchase so not uh let me think of what I can actually say on here um why do you want to buy Tik Tok well obviously I don't have the 00 billion whatever it ends up being but um yeah I'm working with groups um got be careful what I say yeah sure you don't have to say you don't have to say like specifics but yeah what's what's your motivation to to get Tik Tok or to be part of it well I mean obviously it' just be awesome you know what I mean Tik Tok is like the um I'm not supposed to talk about this stuff publicly right now so you'll have some fun articles potentially coming up okay cool or I'll be really sad we'll see well we'll leave it at that well you're very popular man which leads on to our next uh top quick Mr Beast turns the whoa table on Paparazzi who followed him to dinner what did when what did I do so you were followed to dinner by a Paparazzi Channel which I've actually experienced myself H you started critiquing their YouTube channel what's your kind of relationship with the press in general obviously here with us now chat I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hate them they're horrible they horrible especially the ones that read all the Articles what's what's kind of your relationship with the press in general especially kind of the more mainstream media s of say yeah what's what's my relationship with the Press I mean to be honest I don't really have one they don't really talk to me um I mean it's ironic cuz I'm sitting here with you but um I mean I didn't even really know you guys until like what the past month but yeah I asked about this because your fiance sorry she went to University in Edinburgh for the last year and which is where I'm actually live as well and I said oh did you why do I live in Edinburgh so cold well it is cold but it's the most beautiful city in the world get it's freezing it's freezing in Jimmy I got in it's it's only freezing here like 2 months a year it's freezing there like 12 months a year yeah that is true it is pretty cold there but you said when I asked you about that I was like you know do you did you end up getting mobbed when you went out and stuff and you basically said you just can't really go out you know is that a fear of yours to go out get mobbed or to be hounded by the press or anything like that yeah I wouldn't say fear it's just it's just a reality you have to live in at this size um it's just been interesting because I've I've been a decent sized YouTuber now for years but it's so interesting to see how it changes over the years because when I hit 10 million subscribers I thought like that's that's Fame like this is what it's like and whatever I'd go into Walmart and I'd take like one or two photos but it's like there's just such a big difference between having 10 million subscribers and now um I think we're on 350 million and it's like every year I'm like okay this is like probably as crazy as it'll get but it just keeps getting crazier and crazier and like um like a more recent experience is like I was like I looked in my rearview mirror and I was like oh I think this person's following me and so then I took a right-hand turn and they took a right-and turn I was like interesting and I took another right-and turn and they took one I was like okay let me do one more right-and turn let's see and then I I did one more and I was like okay they're just following me so then I I took another one and I basically just like in a block I just like went like this for like it felt like 20 minutes but it was I'm being dramatic it was probably like two or three minutes straight and then eventually I just rolled down my window and I was like just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stop following me and then they eventually just stopped and I you know and so you just deal with like random stuff like that but it's not even like I was out anywhere in public they just like sure just recognize me through the window and so which is why I get my windows super tinted because people all the time like you can't even how do you avoid that right like you're just chilling in your freaking car and people look over and they're like oh and then they roll down their window they're like Photo and I'm like no don't dox my car and then they don't care and it's a whole thing so then I tint my windows like crazy but then I get pulled over a bunch for having tinted windows and I'm like explain to the cop I'm like you know like come on I like I'm trying not to get stocked and harassed can can we just and they're always like no and I'm like okay understandable no special treatment and then I pay the ticket it's a lot but I try to remind myself theoretically when I'm at an airport and it's a late night flight I've been flying for 10 hours and it's it's brutal and I'm feeling really agitated I haven't slept especially when it's coming off a long shoot and you know someone comes up to me and maybe it's not the most polite way I just try to remind myself like for them this you know I might be the only celebrity if you'd classify me one as one like that they ever meet and like for them this is a big deal right for me this might be the 10,000th time I've done this but for them this is a one-on-one experience they're never going to forget it and like I got to put myself in that frame of mind like this is a big deal for them and it like sometimes people might act weird or do something they wouldn't normally do out of excitement just because it's like they've never had this happen before and so I just got to keep that frame in mind and I try to like you know even when I'm feeling depressed or down or tired or I really just don't want to interact with a fans cuz we're all human we have those moments I try to just put on a smile and like just put myself in that position like they're always going to remember this it's a one-on-one experience do everything in your power to make him happy it is what it is you signed up for this life yeah do you ever get a feeling where you're like I wish I just wasn't as famous I just want to normal life you know that kind of I don't know if I told this story before on a podcast but the worst one was when I mean we were like uh these $1 versus videos we're flying like you know all the time like back to back to back to back I'm basically living on a plane for whatever like uh 9 days 10 days straight and one of those videos like we had like a super late late uh not late we uh Customs so we landed in America you know I haven't slept in two days and like there's a long line in customs it's probably New York or something um and like this line is like a 2hour wait and it's just like a zigzag one it's one of the longest ones I've ever been in and I'm just in this line with my hood up staring at the floor and I'm like I just hope no one recognizes me cuz like I'm deep in this line like there's no hide in here you know what I mean um and it felt like there's like probably like a thousand people in this line and you know there's people to your left and right because of zigzags a little kid to the right just kind of like looks up and it's like Mr Beast and says it really loud and then you know ask for a photo and I'm like shh please don't draw too much attention I take the photo but now everyone else is like oh that's a famous dude because you just took a photo and then obviously a bunch of people recognize me and they're asking for photos then people start asking for photos they don't even know who you are but they're just like oh I want a photo cuz everyone else is taking a photo and oh I could just call my kids and I'm just sandwiched in this line with a long wait time and people are just running all up and down the line I haven't slept and I also like hadn't showered in a while and I was like damn these photos probably turning out terrible and I've just I've already taken like 40 of them in that instance I was like I don't I hate being famous I don't and like I was like I asked one of the TSA people I was like can I just like go to the front like I don't mean to have an ego but this is like brutal as like kids are just like Mr Beast and tab me on the back I'm like please and they're like no and I was like okay but I had uh my assistant there so then eventually I was I just got out of line my assistant weigh in the line and I just like sat in like a janitor closet like and I just remember thinking like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is my life I don't want to be famous uh and then he texted me when he got to the front I just ran up there but yeah you have moments like those and it's like it sucks but it kind of is what it is like you know yeah I I well obviously I'm not Mega famous or famous people recognize you from the Articles yeah people are like wow holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're the one who wrote that article about how Mr Beast turns the table on the paparazzi wa but I I I do always think um when it comes to celebrities I just think it's got it had you know people think it's just all Glitz and Glam it's like you just do all these amazing things but yeah which I don't blame you for because I was the same way like when I was a nobody I used to see these crazy articles about how you know a celebrity was rude to Paparazzi or didn't have like the most Pleasant interaction with a fan and I would always be like man what [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but now that I'm in this uh scenario I have a lot of sympathy for you know because there obviously are people who are more known than me like theoretically Taylor Swift and it's like it's just a thing like every time you leave your house and do anything you just are accepting that you're going to take a 100 photos you're going to have two awkward interactions you're going to have someone stock you you coin flip whether or not someone Trails your car home like then you experience that day after day after day after day year after year after year and it it definitely builds up if you're not careful it would be easy to snap and it's like a constant thing where you have to just like you know be on point you know Mr Beast wants to fix us Healthcare and calls for government reform we kind of just spoke about this a little bit before but you did the MPT video yep um and then you know in previous when you've previously done it you've not necessarily spoke out about it what was different this time for you what made you want to kind of speak out and and kind of talk about the pro the problem that you perceive in the US Healthcare System yeah I want these videos to to have an you know as much impact as possible and and in that video you know I I do think one thing we've lacked on is the educational side and not just like you know well help people but then also educating the viewers on how they can also help and what they can do and so that's something I really focused on in the helping 2,000 people walking in videos while we're helping these 2,000 people walking in educate the viewers on like how you know this is crazy that in the richest country to potentially ever exist in history there are people who don't have legs and a YouTuber is stepping in to give them legs which is just crazy especially the weirdest scenarios of all is like even if you're like just a hardcore capitalist like there are people who can't work because they they they lost their legs right in a car wreck or whatever you know um heinous thing and uh because they lost their legs they literally can't work a job and so they're like by giving them a leg or two legs for someone that lost both of them they literally can go back to work earn income become productive members of society pay taxes and it's like a massive net positive and so like people in those scenarios like I I honestly can't fathom why you wouldn't want you know someone to I just it's just silly it's really silly and um and then obviously that's not how you should look at it I'm just you know speaking to people who only care about money but it's also on the flip side it gives them their life back it allows them to not have to have someone you know go get stuff from the fridge for them it allows them to go get something from the fridge like basic things like getting out in the bed in the morning just taking a shower all of a sudden these don't become like really difficult things it just makes them a human and it's like as a human you should want this for them you know do you think that um you know you've obviously got plans or youve you've mentioned plans about becoming president or you want I actually don't think we do in this list W you guys were slacking that week no we definitely wait wait wait a second we definitely wrote about it we just don't have it in this list okay okay okay so yeah no we definitely wrote about it don't worry Jimmy we've got you covered there would reform in healthcare be kind of one of the things that you'd lead with the thing is I like I can't I can't yeah I'm 26 I can't run till I'm 35 but even then I'm not realistically if I already run for president it probably wouldn't be until I'm like late 50s or 60s so um you know things are going to change so much by I mean Healthcare might already be reformed by then so I don't even want to like talk about any of it till like another two decades because the America by the time I run for president is not going to be the same as it is today you know H what we got next Mr Beast shuts down this is a fresh one is a fresh rumors he's launching a meme coin and still gets called greedy yeah for some reason it was trending on Twitter that I was launching a meme coin bunch of like crypto Pages were like Jimmy's about to launch a memec coin it was gaining SE like a lot of tweets with thousands of likes this is right after Trump launched his meme coin we're talking about it and um yeah I opened up Twitter and I was just saw it all and I was like guys I'm not launching a meme coin and then people started like dunking on me and being like wow greedy Mr Beast not launching a meme coin doesn't want us to get rich off his brand and I was like whoa this is this is just what what is 2025 this is not what I was expecting the reaction to be like yeah anyways where where do you stand in the crypto cryto space is it something you're interested in have you you kind of heavy into it at all not really right now I just got so much going on with febles and videos and doing things like this and the bajillion other things like I I'm good I'm not launching a coin I'm good uh let the other influencers launch their coins they can they can handle it they can take the heat when it goes wrong um okay we're going to go a little bit back in time here young twitch streamer pressured by m oh okay Mr Beast impersonator to destroy Xbox one I was about to say I did not do that I don't know if I actually oh that's 2019 do you remember this no not at all so a streamer received a Mr Beast Imp personer in his chat who told him to get a lot of money if he wrecked his Xbox so it was obviously a long time ago but I guess what I wanted to talk about mainly on the back of that is you know the the rise of people scamming there's people you know are you concerned about stuff like AI as it gets more developed I mean I've seen stuff that's involved you I've seen you in adverts for stuff that you clearly weren't advertising I know you know is that a legitimate issue that you guys have is it something that you kind of try and deal with of course one of the biggest problems I have is like um people just rip my like face and then now they use artificial intelligence to uh do voice the voice and so it sounds a lot like me and then they'll be like download this uh there's this one uh gambling site that they use it a lot on it it has like a pig I don't even know the name of it but it's just like they'll it'll just be like a thousand free coins and and know I'm like I never said that but it like it starts to sound really real and so I'm working with all the social media platforms to one thing that the we've worked with the social media platforms on is like getting it where people can't make accounts with the name Mr Beast because that's brutal is when it's an account named Mr Beast and then it has an ad and they use speech to spee AI to sound like me then it's like you can't really expect like someone who's 14 to like really discern that um but on YouTube you can't make an account named Mr Beast and um that's helped a lot like cuz before I don't know why but they made it where you could use other people like you anyone like two people could have the same name on YouTube and I think that might still be a thing but at least the word the I feel like on Twitter you could still get away with it uh no Twitter's yeah because like uh well now that you have to pay whatever $8 a month and then if you get caught in personating you don't get that money back so Twitter's are not impersonation on Twitter is not bad impersonation on YouTube is great because they've really it used to be horrible so many people used to impersonate me on YouTube but they they cracked out on it and they figured out and you can't use Mr Beast in your name and it's like much better there it's I would say it's more um probably on the well honestly no every platform is working with me to like do it so it'll have like it spikes but then I'll make them aware and I'm like this is a huge problem and they crack down and solve it so it's not too bad at the moment but yeah like three years ago it was a problem like I would see tweets every single day of people being like Oh I just sent you $1,000 do and I'd be like no that's not me why do people do that I just don't get it I know and I I broke my then that's why but it's like so I used to occasionally do tweets where I'd be like you know why call these scams out but like not everyone sees the tweets which is why I was like okay screw it I'm going to stop just complaining do something that which is why I went straight to the platforms and worked with them to solve a lot of this just on the topic of AI in general you know is it something that you kind of can see being implemented more within your company is it something that you kind of interested in working with you know you've got a very kind of being around here for the last couple of days you've got a lot of Staff there's a lot of people here nothing seems to be done in that regard in terms of AI but is it something that you kind of want to implement more in the future and you know what are your general thoughts on it yeah uh I want to implement it where uh we just make an AI Jimmy and I just don't have to film right okay quibble cup style yeah yeah yeah qu cup but uh never I was gonna make a joke but Jordy I love you I'm not going to make that joke uh no but right now the big thing is like that video downstairs that we're filming we have 400 cameras running 247 and it's like really hard to find footage of like if I'm like oh add the find a shot where I mentioned febles we don't febles in this video or like oh this video is a little too serious we need some funny jokes so we'll use AI to like autot transcribe all the the audio and the whole thing so then you could just search and it'll you know pull up straight to the clips we also use AI to just like cut uh you know because sometimes we'll walk away with like 100,000 hours and it's like okay I don't want to pay people to watch all 100,000 hours which is stupid so like it'll just like cut all the dead space out it'll go through and you know figure out all the shots that are just like pretty useless and auto chop it out and so little things like that but I mean it's definitely going to transform well and the other thing too is the big cool thing we've done with dubs or with AI is my dubs um we we we have the voice actor you know uh read the script and so it's still a voice actor but then we change the voice actor's voice to sound like me right so it's not text to speech it's it's speech to speech right because text to speech isn't good enough yet and that people love that because you know like being able to hear me speak theoretically we don't do it in Spanish but like if you could if you're a Spanish speaker and you heard Jimmy speaking Spanish instead of some voice actor Jimmy's pain to speak Spanish it's a whole different experience is that surreal hearing yourself essentially oh yeah speak so crazy yeah and can you tell it is it complet can you tell it to you then completely is it what what Manner I would say give it six more months and it'll be indistinguishable right now you can still slightly tell nice nice tick tocker spends $40,000 to get Mr BEAST's attention and makes big mistakes do you remember this oh yeah because he he didn't follow me so I couldn't DM him correct that's what it was yes yeah so Tik Tok Ryan pry spent $40,000 on three Billboards and a parkbench ad to get your attention and I saw it but he didn't get your attention well no he got my attention but yeah I saw it and then uh yeah this guy did spend all this money to get my attention on Tik Tok he finally got my attention and then I click on his profile and he doesn't follow me and since he didn't follow me I didn't have a way to DM him so I just tweeted this out like look at this guy spent 40 Grand to get my attention but I have no way to communicate I just thought it was really funny and apparently they wrote an article on it of course you know what I think this is a good time for feastival peanut butter chocolate bar break I don't want to open The Floodgate for people trying to get your attention but do you mind when people try and do that like do you mind that people trying because you've done it yourself in terms of you know youve did stuff like saying Logan Paul 100,000 times um various other crazy things just talking about that quickly when you look back on that do you think I can't believe I did that well there's a difference between saying someone's name 100 you're not gonna eat it well I just want to chew on M oh but I've be no it's fine I'll be Jamie I'll be honest we've smashed a lot of febles in the last few days if I eat any more febles I might die okay okay all right he gets a pass no um there's like a lime and it's hard to draw it but just use common sense like you know if you make a cardboard cut out of me and you're coming to my city trying to find me to give it to me that's annoying and weird that's cross the line but honestly if you spend $40,000 on billboards to get my attention as long as you don't get but hurt if I don't see it like that's fine you know what I mean I wonder what you expected from that like what do you expect well I mean we'll never know you should have followed me on Twitter well yeah that's why I made sure when everyone was coming in I was like you better make sure you follow you better follow Jimmy he's going to ask you show me toss me that phone toss it here no hey hey hey stop toss it toss it I got it I know how to search YouTube on your thing that b boy there we go producer Dan let's all right producer Dan let's see if he follows me Mr Beast oh you're not subscribed what's your Apple password I'll subscribe you not subscribed it's only five a month oh subscribed oh is that the paid oh that's the paid Fe okay thank you for the $5 a month let's go to yeah make that a dessert to payment wait let's go we'll cover the we're go on YouTube he's not subscribed on YouTube Don you don't subscribed on YouTube account son okay I'll give him a pass he watched all of the Ronaldo video he really liked that one there you go but wait my newest video you clicked off 20% in oh damn bro if you don't like me just tell me bro that's people the Ronaldo video is the only one he fin oh no you finished my Olympics video he's just a big he's just a big sports fan yeah that that video was very massing I don't blame you here uh I just hit play can you let this video play through for retention thank you um there was another um stunt that I saw someone pull off which was um he kept tattooing your his name on him until you meet him I do not remember that one I saw a guy that recently did it with KSI and KSI said I'm not going to meet you yeah that's call you but then he keeps doing it like I don't know do you feel a bit loss sometimes where you're like these people are just clearly yeah but the thing is you can't interact with that person or you shouldn't because then it just encourages way more people to do it you know oh hold up yeah uh can someone hand me a lunch Le uh what were you saying so Logan Paul you say his name 100,000 times you ever think you'd launch a business with him hell no but here we are and you know you faced a lot of criticism for the kind of relationship between Logan KSI and yourself people kind of saying oh it's not authentic that kind of thing you know where do you where do you kind of what do you say to the critics that kind of question the trio and and what you guys are trying to do yeah I mean it definitely we come from three different complete sectors of content and it all couldn't be further apart but I do the thing is right like if you look at pre-made meals like this um in a grocery store they're just full of junk and they're just terrible and so Prime is uh obviously wildly successful everyone knows that it's the hottest fastest growing beverage in history Feast bbls is the fastest growing snack product to ever exist that I'm aware of and so just like it made so much sense to pair them together and JJ I I didn't know too much until we start obviously Logan because I said his name 100 thousand times and I you know he's been in quite a few of my videos but JJ I didn't really know him too well until we launched this but you know he's a great guy and it just made sense to put our products together and just go at Lunchables and give people higher quality ingredients what's the power Dynamic like between you three because you're all ESS essentially people that kind of you know got to the top of their games your strong personalities you know is there clashes is there kind of like wanting to kind of be above the other is there a kind of almost competitive between you no uh I was worried that'd be an issue but no we're all like on the same page we just want to see it succeed you know um and you know if they have something they feel very strongly on then I'll I'll hear them out and you know they'll hear me out as well but for the most part we tend to agree you know we're just trying to make you know what's take what's already out there you like the leading competitor well we'll take this one cuz someone just handed it to me so like the leading competitor for this they don't use real cheese right their their cheese is literally called cheese product because so much of it isn't actual cheese they have a lot of nitrates in their turkey it's just like all around so much we this says cheese on the front because it's real cheese and then this is turkey obviously without nitrates and blah blah blah blah blah and so we just take what's already out there and just you know make a higher quality version for roughly the same price and that's kind of our goal so it's like a pretty straightforward Mission we wored that it was going to put another Target on your back when it comes to launching a product like this you know I mean especially it's essentially marketed towards a younger audience did you expect the backlash I guess that you got from a lot of people well the thing is so there's there's two kinds of things like there are people who will say this isn't better than the leading competitor out there and that kind of backlash is just not factually true I mean it just is I mean if you look at it but there's other people who have said well we don't just want uh you know something that's better than the leading competitor I'm you know I I can just say we don't just want something that's better than Lunchables we want something better overall which if that's your criticism that's fair criticism and and so you know the thing is this is just day one uh our next skew I don't think the boys would mind me saying is a grilled chicken skew and we've been putting a lot of time and effort into it like as far as I know lunchable doesn't sell grilled chicken skew or have a grilled chicken skew and um we've been going all out on it and hopefully that drops in the next couple months and I think people are going to be like wo like I took all the feedback uh or we took all the feedback that people were giving us and implemented in this product and so feedback is fine you know as long as it's like actual real feedback if you just say oh this sucks well there's nothing I can do about that but if you know if you give us something objective like I'm always down to improve the products like I'll I'll say you know nothing's perfect you know what I mean so because there you know there's a lot of people came out filming YouTube videos oh it's moldy this that the other you know it's kind of I know I think you've addressed it previously you've kind of said that you know andev to be with a fresh kind of product that's that's that's going to happen if people leave it out Etc exactly everything is USD inspected we have rigorous oversight there there is no mold when the stuff leaves our Factory I mean we have every QC quality check on the planet you could have like we hold this to the highest regard imaginable but once it leaves our Factory I mean obviously it's out of my control like this what happens if I just left this here and then tomorrow I came back and opened it yeah there might be mold on the cheese you know what I mean because I just left it out here in the open unrefrigerated and so yeah that's that's just something that's completely out of our control once it leaves our Factory it is a little segue talking to KSI I first met him at an e sport bent back in the day so here we go Mr Beast claims he's 100% going to buy an LCS team this was back in 2022 y uh we have a rich Esports history so we thought you know what why not ask one a very important question when are you going to get that LCS team Jimmy what's happened yeah no bro I love League of Legends I don't know if I've ever talked about League of Legends on a podcast U but this will be a Mak sense yeah yeah you're hitting a lot of first I I want to own a um LCS team it's just I got a lot going on at the moment I'm going to buy one and League keep these Sports scene popping I'm going to get around to it eventually it might truthfully be another 3 four years but I at one point in my life I don't think I've ever said this public but I wanted to potent like you know this is when I was like 14 and just dumb but I wanted to be like a proleague player I used to look up to Faker and all the top players I just like I would watch the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of League every year and it was one of the few things I related to like other people with because like some of my friends in my uh Middle School played league and we would talk about it at lunch and um yeah I've been playing League now for whoa is it 20 25 yeah I've been playing for 13 years or something like that I've been playing for a very long time so it would be awesome if I like made [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you money to just like buy an LCS team pour tons of money into the salary spoil the players you know import the best players and like try to make a run for worlds that would be amazing see Faker on the Mr Beast team I mean if he's viable what would you call the team uh I guess probably Beast or something I don't know I it's what matters more is winning it I mean it would not be a thing about making money it would not make money at all especially if I want to win Worlds um but it would it would purely be like a like this would be my version of you know like rich people buy like NBA teams and football I don't have that kind of money but so this would be like my a poor man's version of that buying an LCS team and stacking and trying to win Worlds do you look across at people like lwig and moist you know they're creating well they've just joined forces to have a team at the moment you know is that kind of inspiration view is that something you like okay that makes it is possible for me to do that quite I'm not doing it for the love of Esports I'm doing it For the Love of League of Legends I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] love League of Legends such a great game why did you not go pro other than obviously becoming because I just suck and I mean the highest rank I ever got was Platinum so what's your timeline do you think when when when's a rough idea when we could see a beast LCS team probably another three years realistically uh yeah it's we just got to keep the Esports team popping I don't want to see a decline in viewership I don't want to finally get a team and we win Worlds and everyone's like no one cares League's dead like keep this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going one day I'll step in you think there's any other game that could kind of replicate like that love you have for League Call of Duty used to have that but um I kind of grew out of Call of Duty but for some reason League of Legends is one of those games where you never stopped playing you just like you never actually stopped playing League you know what I mean I don't know if that's relatable to anyone else it's just such a great game so as of right now I can't fathom like picking up a game now and playing it for 13 years like I have League talking of competition yeah there's a new kid on the Block that is threatening your YouTube Crown whoa yeah Christiano Ronaldo uh Ronaldo as speed would say beats Mr Beach record for YouTube channel subscriber count he did how does how does it you've you've even been on a video on there you kind of again I've I think we've done three videos on his channel together and yeah and you've done videos on your channel as well so what's it like working with someone like Ronaldo and you know do you think he took on board your advice because not to critique Ronaldo by any means but it does feel like when you watch his videos it doesn't feel like it's made by a YouTuber it feels like it's made by a production company so have you been kind of given him advice and you know are you concerned at all for your record there well uh you know he definitely shattered my record for most Subs gained in a month and honestly I don't think I'll ever take that back that's probably his forever the title of most subscribers overall that's a different story you know um but yeah filming with Ronaldo was was crazy I I uh I told this story before but you know when I was in contact with his team I was like yo just give me like three minutes I'll like I'll literally set up the challenge where like he can like we can film it on his way to the bathroom like he can like literally be I understand how busy this man is like we can literally film this on the way to Ronaldo using the bathroom like if that's what I got to do I just really want to film with Ronaldo I think my fans would love to to see him in action in a video and um and that's kind of how it started and you know they they did what I like to do with a lot of people too is they you know kept the expectations low under promis over deliver so they're like yeah we'll see if we can get like 30 minutes and blah blah but then when I you know as it was getting closer and we got there Ronaldo was like no you can have as much time as you need it's like what he was telling our team and like uh I was like wait what like CU we were set up to like do it in a you know like boom boom boom in and out and then like when Ronaldo showed up you know he was just kind of like yeah you know like I just want you to have good content and like just let me know you can have as much time as you want and I'd love to hang out after afterwards and I was like what what what did he just say and uh yeah he was just so chill went with the flow easy to hang out with um and we finished filming and I was like you know because I still wanted to be very respectful and so I was just quick offici he's the most followed man on Earth hopefully I pass him one day but for now most Fallen man on Earth obviously [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Ronaldo he's you know everyone loves him and so I just like we got done and I was like okay you're good to go thank you thank you you know and he's like you want to come hang out and he invited me over to his house and I was like whoa I was giving him every out in the book like you don't have to entertain me you know you filming this was great like and now he's just very nice guy invited me over we we chatted off camera a lot and just hung out it was just like not what I was expecting like I I felt like he treated he treated me way better than I ever imagined very respectful very giving of his time and uh it was really a good experience to be honest do you think uh he's obviously speed's obviously got this obsession with him you know do you think he's not met him because it's just so intense did you talk about him at all outside of in the yeah I know I I well I mentioned speed and he knew who speed was obviously he's seen it and they they met briefly for a couple seconds at one time I believe but um yeah maybe speed when you you hang out with Ral maybe just act normal it's a word advice from someone who sat on his couch spent hours with Ronaldo like just be chill you just be yourself speed don't cry don't freak out don't smell them definitely don't bark at them just and we all know all of those things are going to happen as well I know but if you the thing is if you want Ronaldo to hang out with you again just act normal speed and to finish it off um you guess 60 all since 2021 yeah you guess 60 it's actually 208 what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] why do you left out I haven't even I haven't even uploaded 28 videos since 2021 though he's talking four years yeah I literally haven't even uploaded that many videos you guys you guys just write articles on everything don't you gez well Jimmy you know what it's called views yeah I mean if I'm getting clicks keep it going I guess yeah okay cool what up really appreciate time jimy yeah uh thank than thanks for having me I'm going to enjoy my lunch as you uh do your outro well uh that'll be the outro to be honest we'll just uh we'll just cut it dead potential baby

  Top Comments:
  1. @opherian1 [15 likes]: dude i love how genuine he is he isnt ashamed of who he is in the slightest and confident in what he does and says
  2. @siva.attili [1 likes]: 45:26 , bro has a gatorade bottle instead of prime
  3. @virgiliod.9436 [1 likes]: Making shows for mainstream social media is a lot different than making a show for real. They remove some content like the party scene and the crazed hyper "naked" man idolizing cash. Maybe one has to compare what mainstream TV game shows in the past looks like.
  4. @AbdulLateefsakariyau-k4t [1 likes]: Wtf was that face/sound jimmy 😂😂 7:02
  5. @noodleyboodley: Jimmy!!! You’re being too literal!!
  6. @Annabel2727: Too many commercial breaks.
  7. @skinniboistrength: idk why the guy finds it funny
  8. @rototiller345: 13:20 @beastboy I watched all the episodes, what you missed was the understanding of what squid games was about. You did exactly what the show showed to be bad.  You even wore the outfit... You MADE yourself the bad guy.
  9. @omegajimx: Teeth
  10. @Alzech1: I love mrbeast he’s the goat
  11. @alexhaynes7220: 43:47 ksi to
  12. @MrMayu-: Love you MRBEAST
  13. @thernbbible: Literally eating Feastables dark chocolate while watching this!
  14. @Overthinking_Anime: 41:03 you can see it in Jimmy's eyes, in that moment, the fact that the host refuse to eat it, he got put on Jimmy's black list, and the host notices and tries to scramble his way back into his good book by talking about how many bars he's eaten this week, and you can see the change in Jimmy's demeanor of "good, keep promoting my product or you're done for"
  15. @Tommy3: Woah, an actual pretty good Jimmy interview.
  16. @virgiliod.9436: Maybe the philanthropic videos will do well on TV.
  17. @LooxxShorts: Pulling less than 100k views with Mr beast as a guest is unreal
  18. @RaitoSoraTV: I worked for a popular podcast channe; on yt before, not as a host, but as part of the crew behind the scenes, and let me tell you... just because this company "Clickbait" aint producing proper articles with instead, disinformation ones doesn't mean the host of this podcast was part of that charade. This dude handled the situation really good that makes me wanna subscribe to the channel, but I can't, because the company itself doesn't give a ton fck about producing correct materials. Someone give this man his own youtube podcast channel, fund him. He's gonna do good. (Im just assuming he's a hired host, he could be very well be the owner of this company... if that's the case, then he's a piece of garbage).
  19. @Lorisa25: These people seem so slimy. Why did Jimmy agree to this interview?
  20. @TubeMatt47: Don't quit doing good things for people! Those are my favorite videos!

- MrBeast Ruined YouTube Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, good. You clicked the video. That means that was a good thumbnail. Make a note, boys. Thank you. So, listen. If you're anything like me, then I will hunt you down and destroy you. Can't have clones running around unaccounted for. But also, if you're anything like me, you love browser plugins. Voluntarily infect my browser with a virus. Yes, please. There's this one plugin that exists called YouTube Mr. Beastify. And what it does is that it adds Mr. Beast's face to every YouTube thumbnail. Here's Mr. Beast in Skippy Toilet, which is a thing I refuse to learn more about. Here's Mr. Beast potty training in Coco Melon. Here's Mr. Beast with Mr. Beast. Oh, that's a crazy collab. I didn't know they knew each other. The thing about this plugin though is that it almost feels unnecessary because the Mr. Beast thumbnail style has spread through YouTube like a virus. Like one of the hundreds of viruses I got from my plug-in obsession. I should really stop granting those permission to take over my browser. If you've been on the YouTube trending page recently, you've seen his influence. All these weird, oversaturated smiles and freaking over-the-top expressions with a little sprinkle of uncanny valley. So many creators emulate this style now. And YouTube thumbnails over the past couple years. They often hurt my eyes and my soul. And I blame Mr. Beast, but also I kind of don't because you see Mr. Beast was inevitable. Not like in a foretold prophecy kind of way. I don't think there were any ancient scrolls with feastables ads on them, but in the way that once YouTube's algorithm started to focus on monetization over authenticity, somebody was bound to analyze the crap out of every aspect of their videos and maximize profits over fun or pleasure or any human feeling for themselves. Money, money, money, money, money, money. Somebody was bound to tie the YouTube algorithm to a chair naked and smack it in the balls with knotted up rope over and over and over again until it told them what it wants. Which is exactly what Mr. Beast did probably metaphorically. If he didn't do it, somebody else would have. But oh boy, did he do it, then does he do it. And the way Mr. Beast optimizes is kind of fascinating. Fascinating in the way that watching mold grow on garbage is fascinating. You can't look away, especially if you're 8 years old and it's probably not good for you to be around for too long. Today, I'm focusing specifically on Mr. Beast's thumbnails cuz it's a great microcosm for what he does with everything. And because microcosm was my word on my word of the day calendar. Yesterday's word was defenistrate, but I couldn't figure out a video concept for that. So, that went out the window. Oh. Anyway, Mr. Beast and his team are hardcore about their thumbnails. He reportedly spends $10,000 on each one. I would sell you my actual thumbnail for $10,000. He's got like a sixperson team working exclusively on thumbnails, probably more by now. That's an entire hockey team lineup worth of people cranking out thumbnails when they should be out on the ice playing hockey. What are six people doing to make one tiny picture that disappears the moment you click on it? Well, they're not just making one of them, you fools. According to one of the top executives at Mr. Beast headquarters, the team comes up with around 50 thumbnail and title concepts per video. Then they go live with their favorite 20 versions of that picture and do AB testing to figure out what people click on. I have a just as intense strategy where I make thumbnails in Adobe Premiere and then export a screen grab because I'm too lazy to open Photoshop. The Beast team, on the other hand, I'm almost sure they're opening up Photoshop. Somebody on Reddit actually compiled a thumbnail progression of one of Mr. Beast's videos that went through 108 different thumbnails. What the hell? That looks like one of those I took a picture every day for 10 years videos. [Music] Is that what that looks like? I don't know. I don't know. Some of the changes in the thumbnails are super minor. Some of the people in the videos are minors as well. Black shirt to white shirt to black shirt. A slight push in. This guy changes different person face. Change the face. Everything is so precise and meticulous. It's like he has a NASA ground control team monitoring his YouTube analytics. That's a views per hours count going down. Somebody make Jimmy's eyes wider and less humanl looking. Okay, so they're making anywhere between 50 and infinity thumbnails per video. But through all those changes, there are similarities that have come to be known as Mr. Beast's house style, his own special house dressing, and he's basically described it himself. A good thumbnail accurately describes the content within the video, has a clear focus, and includes bright colors. He's not lying. Look at these Mr. Beast nails. Those are some bright colors. My kids box of Crayola crayons retired in shame after seeing some of those thumbnails. Time to pack it in, boys. We had a good run. you, Red. We never liked you. Yeah, eat, Red. Whoa. Where is this even coming from? You brought it on yourself when you went on Epstein's plane. I told you we were friends in college and I had no idea what was going on there. Get out. Get out. This is And don't you even think I'm not going to the press with all the crap you guys have done. Guys, we can't have all that stuff leak about us. If I'm going down, I'm taking you all down with me. What was I talking about? Oh yeah, Mr. Beast thumbnails are have s highly saturated colors. What was that crayon thing about? Another thing he focuses on is finding the right facial expression. Until a couple years ago, Mr. Beast had a lot of thumbnails where he was pointing at stuff like this. And I can only assume he was making this noise during those photo shoots. Then one day, Mr. Tweet beasted this. Flip that. I closed my mouth on all my thumbnails and the watch time went up on every video. Lol. That's like a cool chill guy. I'm not a crazy person way of describing it. The way one of his executives described it in an interview is quote, "I was the one fighting internally for a mouth open." And Jimmy kept talking to me and saying, "I think we should close the mouth." And then as soon as AB testing came out, he was like, "Let's run the test." And I was like, "Awesome, let's do it." And it was funny because the change was insane because we did it for about 30 videos and all 30 of them with a closed mouth actually led to higher watch time. It was a small difference in overall time, but 30 in a row gave us the signal. They're out here having strategy meetings about this guy's mouth openness. No, that's not sustainable. I can't deprive my fans of my teeth and gums and my tongue. I know that's what you're all here for. But this gets at what I'm talking about. But I was willing to sew my mouth closed forever for a second there because this kind of optimizing isn't limited to his thumbnails. Here's a quote from the beast himself. Every element of a video from the idea to the title to the thumbnail to the intro is broken down and analyzed. This allows the team to reverse engineer why certain videos succeed and optimize future content. And you know what reverse engineer is? That's right, it's reing. And it works. He's rewarded handsomely for his rein efforts. And because it works, everyone does their thumbnails kind of like him. It's like whoever said hello on the telephone first. It worked so everybody else fell in line. Pork and beans. Hello. Whoa. What the hell? I know, right? Way better than saying pork and beans. Yeah, it makes no sense that we were saying that. Saying a hello is way better. Hello. Hello. BC Boy has irrevocably changed the website by finding out what makes the algorithm tick and then going all in on that. All in. In fact, you kind of have to play the beast game a little bit if you want your videos to get views. I don't love the fact that after I make a video, I need to be like, "hm, what wacky expression will draw people's eyes on YouTube, which is how I speak when I'm on my own." Oh, wow. I wonder what is so awful that it's making Ryan make this face. Get out of here, me. I would love if I didn't have to do that, but as a YouTubman, I kind of have to do that crap. The algorithm pleasing is something we have to do, and it sucks cuz it's really mathematical and push buttony and less based on inspiration and creativity. Honestly, I have ideas for sketches that I think would be funny, but I don't make them cuz I know they wouldn't perform well. Like a sketch set in a library in a world where people make fart noises instead of shushing each other. Absolutely. Yeah. No, I could be there at that time. That sounds good. No. Yeah. Yeah. No. Absolutely. You're right. No, you're right. Sorry. Sorry. Thank you. Oh my god. Excuse me. See, I had to hide that minutes deep into a video about Mr. Beast, and that was the best thing I've ever made. If I'm ever going to win an Oscar, it's for that. Anyway, like I said before, I don't really blame Mr. Beast because this is the nature of the beast. That was a confusing sentence. Cuz Mr. Beast is giving the algorithm what it wants, but the algorithm is a reflection of what we respond to. But when you have over a 100 million people responding to something, you're kind of optimizing for the most generally appealing thing, which is candy. And it's not good for you, but it's nice in the moment, and you will feel sick after consuming too much of it. YouTube's not measuring enjoyment. It's like Coco Melon trying to beat the Distratotron. YouTube's watch time, baby. It's measuring what will make you not look away. So, I think we need a new metric. Instead of an instant view or a like, how about we live our lives? How about we watch our kid take their first steps, watch them graduate from school? How about we live a full life and then when we're on our deathbed, we look back and think, "Hey, did that YouTube video make my life better?" And if it did, we give it a big yes. Because at the end of the day, a life well-lived is what it's all about. No, that doesn't make any sense. Actually, how do you how would you execute that? Never mind. Forget I brought that up. That was stupid. Oh, look. Mr. Beast launched a new tool that lets you copy other people's thumbnails and put your face on them using AI. I hate it here. Hi there. Hello. Please hit that subscribe button. And I am a disembodied head. So you can trust me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CeirusAvalon [2 likes]: I don't use youtube thumbnails, I have an extension that just uses a still snippet from the video.
  2. @Maynardcomau [1 likes]: I don’t really know who he is. I’ll keep it that way. With my mouth open.
  3. @danroche1: I would watch the fart library thing
  4. @pearlsbeforeswine60: It might make you happy to know that I have no idea who Mr.Beast is. None. Heard of him, but that's as far as it goes.
  5. @TheNymphillon: That thumbnail made me like your video… before watching it 💵😁💵
  6. @huckwalton2307: Ironically, this is the first Ryan George video that auto played for me.
  7. @juani97wolf: RIck and Morty reference about clones. Salutes from a fellow high IQ person.
  8. @EyeAmL3: As a brand new 41 year old streamer who is also lazy af, youll never catch me crafting thumbnails or caring about such garbage. Ill pry never make a buck either....
  9. @Sigma10-c1k: How many death threats does mr beast actually get a week ?
  10. @beckettvlogs347: i never thought i'd hear ryan say "epstein"
  11. @JaeBoogieBoogs: Who do you blame when YouTube is giving you impressions about your thumbnail is not good enough to make people click it???
  12. @plstmb6000: On the other side

I HATE rain and lightning edited into outdoor and camping videos, especially when the video is clearly inside a tent or van not outside where the raidrops are.
  13. @Bear_in_mind.: 2:26 this very possibly my favorite joke you’ve ever made
  14. @UnclePhil73: Officially petitioning for the fart sound video to be made!
  15. @buckmurdock2025: When that guy started appearing on most of the media I consumed, I promised myself I would not fall victim to the algorithm. Now I have spent 9 minutes of my time in his honor. Doesn't matter if it was a roast or not.
  16. @sidneyvictor7887: Anything that looks like that I know is ment for kids so I don't click
  17. @GiulerPowerGamer: I'm so glad that I never ever watched a Mr. Beast Video
  18. @germanvisitor2: Oh wow! A actually good fart joke.
  19. @foolishmestudios: Yeah Jimmy is really good at playing the algorithm. But his videos lack quality so I ain't gona watch lol
  20. @ErikEhrhardt: Who is mr. Beast?

- Exility vs Dr.Pineapplez - Misleading Contest!: Kind: captions Language: en we have ghost we have advanced warfare and I know we've all wanted to do this so I'll do it for you that was very enjoyable as many of you guys are aware there are hundreds of videos on YouTube titled free unlimited legendary supply drops and as we all know there's no such thing as a legendary supply drop needless to say there's no way to get free unlimited supply drops even if a legendary supply drop was a thing and the maker of these videos is aware of this and the viewers are aware of it yet they keep producing the videos and for some reason a lot of people still continue to click on these videos that they know 100% you know misleading and not true but anyways that's besides the point today we're going to be comparing exility and Dr pineapples there are many other YouTubers that do misleading things besides these two people I just you know I saw a video from exility in my subbox that was a little bit misleading like 2 hours ago which is what gave me this idea and then Dr pineapples was in the recommended section if I'm being 100% honest so I was just like why don't we compare these two and see who's more misleading holy crap I just listened to the first part of this commentary and I sounded like I was about to die I'm so sorry if I had a lot of pie i' give you all you I'd give you guys pie and I started I'm let's go so the things we're going to be using to measure these two people is two different types of videos there's the free unlimited legendary supply drops or unlimited free supply drop glitch something along those lines I went through I looked at all their videos looked at all the titles and I counted up how many videos exility has with free unlimited supply drops in the title and I did the same thing for Dr pineapples so we're going to compare and see who has more of that and then we're also going to compare who has the most videos talking about triple legendary supply drops so like three legendaries from the same supply drop that's not possible or it's never been done but they have you know both of them have multiple videos with a thumbnail showing three legendaries coming from the same supply drop and it's written in the title too and so we're going to compare these and see who's the most misleading hopefully I explain that well I have Power Aid I really like Power Aid let's go so we're going to start off with who has the most videos titled triple legendary from one supply drop something along those lines because like I said it's not possible to do that but they have multiple videos acting like they actually got that so we'll start off with exility exility has five videos that are titled and with the thumbnail that makes it appear that he got three legendaries from one supply drop five videos not that bad a little bit on the low end Dr pineapples surprisingly also has five videos so they actually tied in that category that is so cool I didn't know that before I was doing research so they both have five videos trying to U make you think that they got three legendaries from the same supply drop so they're both the same amount of misleading in that category let's move on so this is going to be the tiebreaker apparently who has the most videos titled unlimited free supply drop glitch or just unlimited free supply drops we'll start off with exility again he has 12 videos that's a lot lower than I thought it would be with the title unlimited free supply drop glitch 12 videos that's actually a lot lower than I thought it would be as and yeah I just I'm stuttering let's keep going Dr pineapples only has three yes Dr pineapples apparently did not get big off of making unlimited free supply drop glitch videos I think he actually got big off of making uh mom delet legendary or brother deletes legendary but needless to say Dr pineapples does not have that many free unlimited supply drop glitch videos on his channel in fact he only has three compared to exil 12 so exil wins as the most misleading YouTuber out of these two hopefully this video made sense it made sense in my head I'm going to drink my power raid and go watch some Criminal Minds cuz I'm a little bit sick hopefully you enjoyed like dislike I don't care meth equals Death eat lots of yogurt uh play your PlayStation 4 just don't play Advanced Warfare it sucks make sure you uh pay taxes take out the trash do your laundry unplug your computer on a lightning storm it's actually lightning right now I probably should go let my dogs out though because they haven't been out in a while and uh yeah I think that's everything see you guys [Music] [Applause] later

  Top Comments:
  1. @GULAM07STAR [15 likes]: This is unpopular video in Mr beast channel
  2. @Nooskcaj [13 likes]: beasty snowball phenomenon
  3. @thedonaaTV [7 likes]: Scrolling just too see His least watching video xd
  4. @GMENG5555 [3 likes]: វីដេអូអ្នកមើលតិចជាងគេ🫡
  5. @GeorgebrosGeorgebros [1 likes]: Bro no views
  6. @nikitaselyukov [1 likes]: I'm here. Hello, James Donaldson, i want work with you. Write to me.
  7. @kimberleegogue5801 [1 likes]: Crazy that a guy with 470 million subscribers has a video with under 100K views
  8. @sydurrahmansimanto5150 [1 likes]: Least viewed video of this channel😂
  9. @TheReaprodby7kmahdi [1 likes]: came here from the least popular vid
  10. @TomiiGG-alt [1 likes]: no way no comment was left since 6 years.. ts is least popular btw
  11. @Kingo_jumpo [1 likes]: This is the least popular video on Mr beast
  12. @Idkwhettoputhere: Fun fact, all least pop vids are capped at 64k
  13. @JahazielBarreto: Least popular mr beast video still w tho
  14. @Dominicka-c7l7i: :v
  15. @urboyrando3259: Least viewed mrbeast video
  16. @RohitSarraf-e2b: Most least populated video 😮
  17. @ibrahim_anm: wooow
  18. @IsmacilaweysGamet: Only 62k views????? Shout out to this dude
  19. @watchthiswhenyoure: February 11, 2026 this video is the least viewed video on the channel
  20. @NahueAR1907: El video menos conocido de mr beast jaja

- Fidget Spinner Vs Face (Legit Had To Get Stitches): Kind: captions Language: en just cut my face open um I don't have a Band-Aid so I'm going to have to run to the store and buy a Band-Aid what's up guys recently fidget spinner videos have been really popular so I thought I'd give it a spin basically I'm going to look up a bunch of fidget spinner videos reenact the clickbait and see if I get the same results make sure you like the video if you want a cookie subscribe and I'll literally marry you and let's begin so the first thumbnail we're going to be reenacting is this it's fidget spinner versus tongue and as you can see I mean it just destroyed his tongue it got all dry and a little bloody and uh I just I want to see you know what that happened to my tongue so we got to go in super fast oh okay that actually kind of hurt a i rate this thumbnail 10 out of 10 super realistic next up we're going to be testing fidget spinner versus neck and as you can see right here like I mean this is like putting people on the brink of death like this is some edgy stuff like you have to be a daredevil to attempt this I mean look at that like they're about to die but fret not Boys in case you've ever wondered all right I will test it for you what if it's not clickbait and this actually happened and I'm about to die that would I didn't die yes next up is Fidget spinner versus finger and I thought this was clickbait like the rest but as you can see there's so many people just getting their finger chopped off and cutting their finger open I'm starting to think this might not be clickbait like how could this happen to so many different people uh just I don't know so uh I'm going to you know get one good nose pick in before I sentence my finger to death because for all I know I may never see this finger again all right boys I'm going to miss you finger up next we have whatever the the hell is going on in this thumbnail like I'm confused what I don't even know what that is but uh I'm going to try to reenact it so ow all right get the fidget spinner uh I think then he just grabbed his tongue did I do it do I get a million views now 1,000 mph fidget spinner versus Asian sticker fidget spinner versus teeth as you can see my mate right here he lost his tooth to this and uh honestly I accidentally hit my tooth earlier oh okay that actually kind of hurt a I don't feel like doing this again but uh I'm going to take his word for it I I I don't think this is clickbait I I think he legit lost his tooth to a fidget spinner all right guys next up on the list is a wine glass uh as you see in that thumbnail I feel like this one isn't clickbait actually it's not clickbait at all but I feel like the wine grass will actually break so this will be interesting um let's get her going at 1,000 M hour uh faster okay versus wine [Music] glass okay what the freak literally the most durable wine bottles ever these things will not break up next is Fidget spinner versus light bulb um I feel bad for this light bulb right here because it's going to hurt get it this light bulb won't know what is going to hit it woo it broke yes I was actually not expecting that and now it's time for fidget spinner versus iPhone um this iPhone's about to meet Steve Jobs in heaven it's not going to know what hit it oh here we go we got some good velocity up next is Fidget spinner versus gift card and by the way first comment on all my videos always get a gift card so make sure you turn on notifications because if you get first comment you get free money that's some good yeah eat it gift card whoever wants it feel free to take it next up is Fidget spinner versus banana I was going to do dildo but I don't really want to get demonetized so W for those of you who don't know I went to college for 3 weeks and so now we're going to do fidget spinner versus one of the books I have because screw College we're to get some Revenge eat it next we're going to be doing fidget spinner versus my cheek like uh she did now I'm a little bit worried because it obviously mess you know that did some damage to her and I don't have the world's best skin already so I don't know but I'll take the risk for you guys we'll see um my pickaxe doesn't work you guys know the age-old saying the diamond pickaxe doesn't work fidget spinner it to death rest in peace pickaxe up next is Fidget spinner versus Coke bottle this coke doesn't know what's coming for it okay that didn't really work okay that didn't really work so now we're just going to do Coke versus Coke and pray I don't die whoa oh shoot I'm bleeding all right not to soap boys don't smash the coke bottle against the coke bottle oh I should probably clean my face up all right I'm bleeding now oh wow I'm bleeding that doesn't look good okay I'm bleeding now I think I should end the video there uh yeah oh all right I'm an idiot sometimes I admit it probably shouldn't have done that uh I had some other things like I was going to do something with this Mac but my face is bleeding okay so I just ran back inside sorry if the mic sounds horrible look at that is that funny how I was making fun of that girl for fidget spinning her face and it not looking real and then like a minute later I just um I don't have a Band-Aid so I'm going to have to run to the store and buy a Band-Aid uh did I do an outro out there I don't even remember if I uh screw it oh that's gross what does that look like I don't really that's ironic that's really funny now I'm starting to look like that girl who did hers um that fidget that thumbnail that I was ew This is disgusting why is blood so gross

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nihara29 [1 likes]: Wsup 9 yrs ago jimmy
  2. @MF_PLAYZOP [1 likes]: who got this in their recommended 9 YEARS later...
  3. @claremorgan2681: I'm I got it recommend 9 years later.....
  4. @FBMARIO: in 20/05/2026
I'm still using spiner
  5. @Little-v-: 9 years later, and this is in my recommendations
  6. @DaLeerness: He was acting so calm when he got cut severely, I wish to stay that calm when I stub a toe.
  7. @ChubbyBabyPursuer-I: "Alright, guys I'm bleeding now" MrBeast said calmly.
  8. @cephaniejoymarcelino1631: I think I'm the last in commenting here
  9. @FelipeVelazquez-j4n: 5:55 she is so calm he doesn’t even care
  10. @JuliaBriannaEncarnado-o4l: that's caylus
  11. @trenZ-67: 5:21 u mine it with a axe
  12. @OwMc-m4j: CALise
  13. @Elvyspace: ....where's my husband? you promised you'd marry meee
  14. @SylerWatts-t8q: I thought he was family friendly but he said the h word
  15. @App3ls2App3lls: Oh damn 6:04
  16. @FidboHD-e4v: 2:21 no, you get 44 million
  17. @Imachilldudeiguess: damn he changed
  18. @fuzzpur: Infinite just apologize and said he never clickbaiting again
  19. @GeorgiaLyons-x4s: 9 years later recommended wow
  20. @KRofficial0288: Bro ❤❤❤❤❤❤

- YouTube IS CHANGING: MrBeast On Why Thumbnails Are No Longer Relevant: Kind: captions Language: en - I heard you guys talking about autoplay on YouTube. - [Mr. Beast] Yes. - And I've never considered it. I've always thought about the thumbnail but now on YouTube, videos automatically play. All you have on your phone is the autoplay. - Yeah, that's what's gonna play. - It's the first five seconds. - Exactly, like... - You make sure the first five seconds looks like the thumbnail? - Of course, 'cause the autoplays so quickly. So like the thumbnail is irrelevant. I have to like visually convince you to click on the video. - Thumbnails don't matter? Is this true? Well, no. Partially yes, but this is something I never thought of. If you've ever scrolled through your phone on YouTube, you'll notice that videos start playing automatically. Now autoplay and the inline feature on YouTube is nothing new. Same thing on desktop. Hover your mouse over a video and it starts playing automatically. This gives the viewer a sample of your content and they get to choose if they wanna watch the rest of your video or continue scrolling. For people like you and I, this means we have to focus on something much more important than just the thumbnail. In this video, I wanna share how thumbnails are evolving, what the director of YouTube himself had to say about this and how you could take advantage of this new information to increase the performance of your videos on your channel. And if Mr. Beast's warning of "thumbnails don't matter," is actually true. Thumbnails have been a staple for creators to help drive click-through rate and draw interest from viewers, even so much so that Mr. Beast said, - Probably spend around 5 to 10,000 dollars a thumbnail. Just making sure to get the right image and it's good because like the thumbnail makes a difference between 50 million views or 200 million. - 50 million to 200 million views. 150 million views is nearly half the population of the United States. That's a lot. If such influential creators like Mr. Beast are spending so much money on thumbnails but yet videos are autoplaying within your YouTube feed, then what does that mean for thumbnails? The answer comes from YouTube's product lead director for YouTube's home feed and recommendations. Todd Beaupre said, "This is increasingly important as the YouTube homepage and search incorporate more inline video previewing versus static thumbnails. For many viewers, the video intro is the new thumbnail." If Todd himself is saying, for many viewers the intro itself is the new thumbnail, well, does this hold any weight for creators like you and I? We polled you, our audience, and found that 72% of our viewers said that they use these previews to decide if they want to continue watching a creator's video. In an earlier video, we speculated that YouTube could potentially remove thumbnails completely. - Which is actually crazy because viewers are not just looking at your title and thumbnail when making the decision to watch a video. Your video intro is a third factor and YouTube could move away from custom thumbnails on the homepage entirely. - Rest assured, Todd confirmed that creators do not need to worry about this happening. Todd said, "YouTube has no plans to remove thumbnails. With that said, auto previews are used by many viewers to decide what to watch, and many videos have high abandonment in the first few seconds. Putting effort into a compelling video intro, that your video delivers on, is smart." Lemme say that again. "Putting effort into a Remember the intro I showed you in the beginning of the video. In that same episode with Colin and Samir, Mr. Beast shared this gem that you might've missed. - And you make sure the first five seconds - Of course. So before you do, you film a video, what is the thumbnail? What is the video? And then what's the first five seconds? And then what's the first 30 seconds? You know, by the first five seconds it's like goes with the thumbnail. - Did you catch that? Before filming a video, the way to think about it was thumbnail, video, first five seconds, first 30 seconds, that was the formula. Now the formula is thumbnail with the first five seconds plus the video plus the first 30 seconds. Whoa. Personally, this is great news for you and I. That means we don't have to stress anymore about thumbnails. We don't have to spend so much time on thumbnails. We're free. Not quite, thumbnails still matter. They still show up on your end screen and on your YouTube homepage and within playlists. So yes, you still need to focus on thumbnails. I do too. Thumbnails still matter. Creators are still spending a ton of money to create attention grabbing thumbnails, but they no longer make or break your video. With this in mind, it is vital that you consider the thumbnail and the first five second intro when making your video. Then focus on the title while packaging your video so you can maximize the performance of your video. But there is a hidden twist that potentially opens up a new problem. With autoplay being a feature in YouTube's home feed, most creators, even with a strong thumbnail and a captivating title, are losing people within the first five seconds because their video is boring. Given the information that we have, how can we make the first five seconds interesting and get people to want to watch? Depending on what the title and thumbnail is of your video, showcasing the first five seconds using text, video, or imagery to, number one, confirm to the viewer that those five seconds are what they're going to get in video. And number two, it gets them interested to click into the video and watch past those first five seconds. Again, having a strong title and a great thumbnail is not enough anymore because if your first five seconds are boring and it doesn't capture people's attention, they're gonna find something else to watch. And I hate to break it to you, but the performance and views that you're looking for, you're not gonna get 'em. Start your videos off with clips or imagery or even captions on the screen to confirm to the viewer that what they clicked on is what they're getting. Because those first five seconds for someone that is brand new to watching your channel, that may be the only chance you get to make an impression on someone and you don't wanna ruin it. I want you to imagine those first five seconds as your movie trailer. When you watch a movie trailer, the goal of the movie trailer is to give you a bite size of information within that little timeframe to go to get you to wanna watch the movie at the movie theater for two hours, for three hours. They have to do such a good enough job within that short window to get you to go watch the rest of the movie. Do the same within your content. Make those first five seconds so irresistible that the viewer has no choice but to watch your video. If you did enjoy this video, make sure to hit the thumbs up button. I think we can get to 2000 likes. And if you did enjoy this and you want more content like this, hit the subscribe button so you don't miss any more videos or any more content just like this. And I'll see you in the next video. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [45 likes]: Subscribe for a cookie :)
  2. @PatchedBandit [1 likes]: This does not add up as the short preview of the video you get while hovering your mouse is NOT the first 5 seconds of the video. To me it looks to be a random spot on the video youtube has automatically picked to show on the short preview. 
So this in mind it isnt' something creators should focus on.
  3. @GoroMajima94 [1 likes]: All facts Youtubers turning to AI and its sickening to me.
  4. @NOTLeavingLV [1 likes]: That’s silly. Thumbnails are static in search results. HIS don’t matter. He’s Mr Beast.
  5. @waaskoop: great video thanks
  6. @BethanyAlice: How can we disable the automatic preview chosen by YouTube? Automatic previews are usually misleading in my case and might push people away
  7. @WhatsUpWithSheila: Maybe it's me... but I see trying to put something exciting in the first 5 Seconds of a video... means change in the whole way in which you present your videos... for me that would mean no longer starting my video with a greeting...

Just one more hoop to jump through😢
  8. @allthatjampod: Is this true for videos that are a) livestreamed and b) an interview
  9. @MindofSmoothie: Maybe I am an outlier, but I personally never make a decision to watch a video based on the thumbnail or even title for that matter. Typically I am searching for what I want to watch. The biggest determinate for me is how new the video is. Maybe that is why my own videos struggle.
  10. @VisioVibes: Thumbnails also appear when you are browsing while watching 😂
  11. @itsDionieWorld: This is not so bad! But I will start on doing this as well, and keep on doing the thumbnails, as a new Youtuber this was a help for me. I need all of the advice I can receive to get my page up and going 🙏  Thumbnail and 5sec video here I come lol 🎉
  12. @consumerdebtchitchat: This is like Dave Ramsey saying credit scores are irrelevant. Now, we return to programming for the commoners 😂😂❤❤
  13. @minophilic6577: Why do you look like Cris Bumstead
  14. @whotube357: Most of the  videos don't autoplay on my phone
  15. @irisgalindo4091: I don’t have a mouse I don’t have a computer I use mobile, so what do I do?
  16. @freeshipping9643: Why do I feel Mr beast is the carrot on stick to get everyone wanting to make YouTube. The embassotor of YouTube & the better the more $ YouTube makes. Why hasn't Mr beast just started a my beast channel site? If I had to guess he's under strict contract. I think his videos get 5 million views before he publishes? It's a trick to think he must have great stuff to watch? Who is advertising? He demo is kids. What can you keep selling them?
  17. @ericmackrodt9441: I have previews disabled because they are annoying so my choices are 100% based on thumbnail and title.

But I probably don't represent the majority of users on YouTube. Most people don't bother changing defaults.
  18. @Well-being-studio: Thank you! Cookie!
  19. @GlobalMacroDigest: "for you and me" not "for you and I"  That was awful.  You immediately lose credibility when you use bad grammar.
  20. @FlyFishingChronicles: BUT it would be better not to use the intro instead we, THE USER, should be able to choice a portion out of the video for the preview.

- YouTubers That Copy Other YouTubers: Kind: captions Language: en one of my all-time favorite quotes is that imitation is the greatest form of flattery that mediocrity can provide to Greatness which basically just means that if somebody's copying you then you're doing something right but YouTube's interesting because it happens a lot on here not just in the form of content but also in the form of thumbnails and even personalities heck even myself I'll take sometimes from other people if I think that they have a good idea then I'll try to just like twist it into my own way but sometimes on YouTube I have to say that people tow the line between inspiration and straight up stealing so we're going to take a look at some of the most egregious offenders out there to see if they're copycats or maybe just inspired and if you happen to appear in this video don't get mad at me it's your fault starting off with a bang and we have I spent 100 hours in capsul hotels by a Creator named Drew does he actually has a lot of interesting videos where he visits like the weirdest hotels and things like that and so we had this really unique thumbnail in which obviously it shows like a bunch of different capsule hotels in Japan and gives like good perspective on it and then lo and behold about 2 months afterwards Brent Rivera comes out with the same exact thumbnail as Drew does but he just horizontally flips it over the Y AIS changes some of the up and then puts himself in there he even keeps out the feet hanging out in the thumbnail which I think is really interesting but it doesn't end here this was such a good thumbnail that then the Stokes twins another offender who's going to appear multiple times in this video end up taking Brent's thumbnail which is effectively just drew does his thumbnail and then they just put a little twist on it it's no longer I spent 100 hours in capsule hotels but it's the last to leave because when you do a challenge it's totally different content now so I think this one's hilarious just because it's like two different people shamelessly taking like what I think is a pretty unique thumbnail concept but it doesn't end here next up we have a video from Matthew beam titled YouTubers control my life for 24 hours extreme wow very enticing and this was 2 years ago and then a year ago Malik a Creator m a i k comes out with a video with the same exact title and effectively the same exact thumbnail just showing him in a jumpsuit with the tape on his mouth Mr Beast on the left and he swaps out some creators so you could argue this is inspiration and not stolen or it gets interesting is when you actually watch the video so let me do a quick side by side 3 2 1 for the 24 hours youb in the world my, $1,000 okay so the first 12 seconds of the video was like completely ripped off it's actually hilarious because this guy Malik is playing a video from Mr Beast as if Mr Beast sent him this video obviously Mr Beast didn't send you the exact frame by frame video in which he sent Matthew beam like obvious you so clearly ripped this it's like you didn't even care to change anything up it's actually kind of impressive being this shamelessly copying somebody to the point where I mean it's one thing that you copy the intro word for word but then I think what's really funny is that this starting with screen stting was also taken like your editor couldn't even make an original starting with my life starting with like you just had to rip it completely and then he also he had the audacity to Watermark his video with Malik right over there it's it's Shameless and he also had a sponsor on this video which I think is really crazy like if you're the sponsor of a video I think you have to do some sort of due diligence into like the video that you're choosing to post on cuz the way that it works is that sponsors will reach out to you they'll want to like put a video out by a certain day like hey give you like a 60-second ad read and then they don't like really care about what video it is they just want to put it out so I could put out a video where it's like samucha biggest poop compilation and it's like so long as I like do the ad roll within like you know 6 minutes it's going to be fun but I feel like they should be checking it especially cuz it's a video completely stolen from somebody else so this is already pretty bad right but then on top of this what Malik does is he forges messages from jidon acting like jidon challenged him to do something comes from jidon himself oh man what is that hitchhike in only your Whitey tidies what the and how do we know this because jidon himself actually ended up talking about this so here's a screenshot that jidon posted and this is what the DM supposedly looks like and then on Jon's end hey bro I'm doing a YouTube video asking for dares give me something fire not too crazy though by the way big supporter no answer in fact he didn't even accept the message request so I think all the evidence points in the direction of this video being incredibly fraudulent so during Co a Creator called Charles the French made a video that got super popular titled the problem with online classes in which it's like a 2-minute skit in which he shows like these different scenarios of what happens in online classes over zoom and then two months later the Stokes twins come out with a video that is quite literally the same exact thing now the thumbnails are different and so you're probably thinking Sam they definitely didn't copy there's nothing in here like what are you trying to nail them on you're just being like super aggressive towards them for no reason one second so we're going to watch Charles's original video first then we're going to go into the Stokes twins good morning everyone and welcome to this online class click present when I call your name uh Jack okay Peter okay Charles present all right so there we go all right everyone welcome to your first day of online class now when I call your name click the space bar so I know your presence uh Andrew Lexi um Alan very good like it's one thing to copy somebody's editing style I even understand the thumbnail sometimes cuz there's only so many ways to convey an idea like there's bound to be overlap and if somebody does something right you're just like oh let me like you know twist it up a little bit literally stealing a skit is absurd I think but that's not where it ends right this is a 2-minute video keep in mind and more than half the video was completely ripped all right so I know this is a bit unusual but I really hope we can study well I want us together to try to grab the knowledge from this class I want to grab basically making fun of how with poor connection there can be a lot of issues with like understanding what's being said and it could be misconstrued right that General concept is what that skit is now I want us together to try to grab Knowledge from this class I want us to grab this the same exact at least like do a different joke like if you're going to take the same exact premise of the skit at least change up the language in the dialogue like you would think that a script writer for a 3-minute video could come up with like something interesting where it's like a bad connection could lead to another misunderstanding I was think it's crazy though when like the copied video does better than the original video like this video over here has 5.4 million views and the Stokes twins got 6.5 million views and you're going to see that this happens a lot so this thumbnail on the right is one of my favorite thumbnails on all of YouTube and it's the world's longest lightsaber and it basically showcases like a lightsaber that's effectively 30,000 ft in the air like slicing open a plane which is a really interesting concept it makes you want to click in right 195 million views and so what do the creative genius of the Stokes twins do they take that exact thumbnail horizontally flip it add some text and then put themselves over that guy in the corridor team and I just think it's wild that it's just like accepted like at least recreate your own version of this like work with a thumbnail artist and say hey I like this can you kind of like rework this and make this somewhat the same like you're taking the exact same thumbnail you're quite literally like using somebody else's work that he probably spent a lot of time on and again this video did Super well for them not as good as the original video but 60 million views like they made probably like hundreds of thousands of dollars off this single video all right so next up when we have arguably the craziest instance of thumbnail copying I've ever seen and it's from Mystery pool so it looks like dangi Bros were the original creators and you'll see a ton of creators like unspeakable Ben aert and then Brent Rivera just copying and pasting I mean doesn't it get tiring to do this all the time I know I'd get tired of it and that's why I'm partnering with gfuel because as many of you guys are aware I don't like drinking coffee cuz I don't like the crash I don't like the taste I don't like the Jitters that come with it and so for me gfuel gives me a cleaner energy so I can do things that require energy like going to the gym or recording some really long videos okay that's embarrassing I just spilled some on myself in the middle of the ad read like a child what's also good about g-fuel though is that it's sugar free it only has 15 calories skinny and you get 40 servings per tub which is like 40 days of concentration which is crazy and it only gets better because right now is G fuel's madness sale which is buy one get one free BOGO as they say which means that in my case you can actually get 80 Days of concentration so like 3 months in a single tub right here is my personal favorite which is raspberry lemonade so if you have a sweet tooth like I do so make sure to take advantage of the gfuel madness sale it's buy 1 get one free double the servings double the energy for one single price so go ahead and click the link below so you can check that out right now so I will be right back because now I have to like dry off my sweatshirt does does nobody care I like I don't know what exactly happened why people just like copy paste but this is the same exact thing like this is wild and then you go down like even this little dude Vlad he looks like he's 8 years old he's taking the same thing Adam B again I don't know who this is all these people it's like the same exact video if I'm like a consumer on YouTube and I I type in mystery pool challenge I don't know what to click on like in a way they're kind of cannibalizing each other I guess it's good cuz everyone's like going to click on the video like wondering what the difference is but I would be really upset if I came up with a you know if assuming dangi Bros are the original posters of this I'd be extremely upset if I came up with a fire concept like that and then all of a sudden like everybody rips the same thing down to the color of the shirt okay so I think this is a Spanish Channel I don't know where he's from I'm just go ahead and say Spain but this guy basically copied the Ryan Tran penny series but instead he did the p Series so right after Ryan Tran came out with his penny series videos this guy comes out with the peso Series in which he takes very very similar thumbnails and he just puts them in Spanish and then he Chronicles himself over the course of 30 days until he ultimately finishes here's 28 29 and then what does he do with the penny he delivers it to Fed vegani who I think is supposed to be like the Mr Beast of wherever this guy's from it looks like he's from Mexico so that makes sense okay he's also looking to chase the rock which I believe is something that YouTuber Isaiah photo was trying to do so even like his Banner is just stolen and the thing is nobody's going to call him out because he's in Mexico and so there's like a different audience so you're always going to see International channels taking from like other creators even us channels will take from like people in Russia or whatever that's just how it goes but it's just pretty funny when you just like actually look and think about what's happening here next up we have a video from Dylan who was the original poster and it was titled I ate at every Gordon ramsy restaurant so what do we have here is a pretty unique concept right just going around the United States and eating at all Gordon Ramsey restaurant and we have Brent Rivera who just a month ago came out with literally the same exact video down to the tea so the thumbnail is pretty similar you can argue it's a little bit different so we can call inspiration even though I think that's being a bit lenient but when you actually play the video the intro is like exactly the same I mean it's Shameless here we go over the single okay so the first 5 Seconds literally the intro is over the next 10 days I'll be going to every single Gordon Ramsey restaurant in America just basically rehashing the same exact intro and thumbnail that Dylan put out now Dylan's video did end up doing a little bit more in views but what you don't realize is that this man's making way more Bank on this cuz that's a 28 minute video in which he got 4 million views he's feasting and even the worst part is that Gordon Ramsey himself commented on Brent Rivera's video saying congrats bud but ignores Dylan the person who actually came up with this video concept so you can't win you really can't win there's no winning out here it's just it's an unfortunate world we live in okay so we have this YouTuber named wasil dud and you'll probably going to recognize what he does here he just wastes food so you're going to see like me when I want spaghetti spaghetti spaghetti sauce and he proceeds to mash it eat it and then watch perfect so that's his entire stick I mean there's an entire 19 minute and 18-second compilation on some of his Greatest Hits truly monal's of Tik toks and you would think that this would just exist as bad content on the internet like this can't be copied like who's going to copy already bottom of the barrel content have no fear because topper Guild is here [Applause] CDs B like even the accent you're not whatever that guy is you're you're white you don't even have that accent the accent is the crazy thing it's like one thing to copy the content but then you're also copying the accent but that reminds me of somebody somebody who copies another YouTuber not just in content style or the content itself but the mannerisms cuz that's an interesting one so in a pretty crazy turn of events we have top topper Guild here who is being copied by Brent Rivera and I know I said I'm not going to do shorts but this one's just crazy this is the original video from topper in which he's pretending to be a food critic at a Michelin or festar restaurant take this notebook into a fancy restaurant and act like a food critic to see if they treat me any differently a notebook and I'm going to go to a fancy restaurant and act like a food critic to see if they treat me any differently okay so the same exact music the same exact script the same exact shirt the same exact notebook perhaps the light blue it's like down to a te I love how he has like his Lambo in the background just has to it real quick and then you're going to see I mean very similar themes throughout let's just check it out I made a reservation at a fstar restaurant and kept a low profile for the first few minutes I booked a lunch reservation at a Michelin star restaurant and I kept it pretty lowkey while I tried the first couple appetizers it's like you can't make this up it's just crazy that this exists like I almost think they're friends or something and they're just like hey like I'm going to copy your video we're going to start some internet drama and then we'll just profit off of it the waiters are talking about me right now since I took it out they have not stopped checking on took out my notebook the waiters have not stopped looking over here like down to a tea it's it's crazy but what if I told you that neither of them were the actual Originators of this video in fact it actually belongs to a YouTuber named Josh slavin who is a travel influencer and the original video I've got a notebook and I'm going to go to a Michelin star restaurant and act like a food critic let's see if they treat me any differently so I booked a dinner reservation at this super nice Indian restaurant in Hong Kong after ordering the tasting menu the staff came out and walked me through all the courses so this concept comes from Josh and then topper stole from Josh and then Brent stole from topper and it's just like a a web of Thieves just taking the exact concept 50% of the video at the very least and just like profiting from it and Brent's video got 40 million views I think Toppers got 35 and then little old Josh the creator of this video got 6.3 the rich get richer it's a shame to say so this is Alex Warren who used to be part of the hype house and a lot of people call him a David Dober ripoff because he copies his laugh his Vlog style all of his videos are about 4 minutes and 10 seconds which is David Dock's length is 4 minutes and 20 seconds so clearly there's some inspiration with that but we won't call that copying but how about this so this is what it would look like Jonah I'm a popper he even does that David DOI laugh where he kind of like his head back like a muppet and just watch I'm popper like that like cartoonish laugh and you could argue look it's just vlogging but whenever there's a 4 minute and 38 second compilation of you doing things that are directly related to David D I mean it's probably because people think that you're David do which you're not just say what like that that little like last second like head look at that that when his head goes up that's not a natural thing that's that's like a quirk that David do only has and it's just weird that Alex Warren is completely ripped that oh my camera is about to die even lowkey kind of looks like him here like black hat filming in the car I mean so now we're going to play a quick game called did the Stokes twins take the thumbnail from the original Creator so here we go the first one is last to leave the Tesla keeps it challenge from Mr Beast there's the thumbnail and then right above we have the Stokes twins obviously they stole it I'm trying to think if they even like changed anything up cuz you can see even that Pikachu in like the top left background like you didn't even think to remove the Pikachu at least change that little background in the back so it looks like a different garage all they did was remove that middle console like that tablet on the Tesla and they just exchanged the people they couldn't even do the due diligence of removing the Pikachu this is just I would call this theft this is not inspiration all right next up we have who can do the most dares in 2 hours down to the exact title as unspeakable so 2 years pass they took unspeakable exact thumbnail no okay so the only thing they changed was 287 instead of 247 and then they just swapped the face and brightened the shirt it looks like and changed the color of the scissors this one's bad the sky is exactly the same in the background I think the blades of grass are also the same so yes this is clearly stolen and then this guy I mean Brandon Ferris he's doing his best you know he's trying to switch things up he's opting for the tweezers instead of the scissors see this is inspiration shout out to I'm Brandon Ferris and he also said shout out to unspeakable for this idea so at least this guy's kind of he understands What's Happening Here whereas these I obviously stolen now we have I worked out for 24 hours straight and then working out for 24 hours straight so I mean this one like again he took the same exact sun and moon concept I think he actually took the exact left and right side of it but what's crazy about this is that everybody's following the suit cuz it's like if the Stokes twins steal then it becomes okay we can do this as part of culture and then we have like Dylan Lam and then Ben a alert doing the same exact thing although I'll argue Dylan lams is obviously a bit different it looks like Ben and stoke's twins are in cahoots cuz they're using like very very similar things here but this is a great thumbnail from Brownie and you know whatever and I think this is like a fake bodysuit it looks like it's like he didn't even actually get shredded on the left next up we have facing 100 fears in 24 hours and it looks like again him and Ben alerts are in cahoots because this is quite literally the same exact thumbnail just swapped with a different girl and maybe a little bit closer on his shirt here but what's interesting about this in addition to everybody just spamming caps lock facing fears is that also a Creator named zong came out with again the same exact video with just a different girl here in a red bathing suit like it's identical do they just share the same Community I'm a little confused here I guess when you steal from the stealer nobody cares so you might as well honestly a good channel strategy is to start up like a Stokes twins dupe Channel and just like you'll profit off of it because no one's going to call you out for copying The copier it's kind of a good idea and then we have have my favorite testing viral Tik Tok Gadget so look at this right here we have FaZe rugs really good thumbnail showcasing like something that has like a virtual keyboard or like a laser keyboard and then we have Preston who I didn't think would really dabble in something similar but he actually at least he changed the colors of it but this is obviously a complete rip of this but then you keep scrolling down and who do we have the Stokes twins who then took from Preston so it looks like pre oh look it's me it's like Preston took from FaZe rug and then they took from Preston so it's like it's a whole little you you know you would think by like the third iteration there would be some changes but it just looks like Stokes twins copy pasted Preston and what's crazy is a lot of these creators are friends like I would wager that Preston and FaZe rug are friendly with each other and there's probably not beef there I'm sure he even like possibly reached out or even like wrote let's see I bet you he wrote yep okay so it looks like he tagged FaZe rug so I'm guessing there's no beef there but obviously like the Stokes Twins or some beef so on our left here we have Mark robber's original testing if sharks can smell a drop of blood video which has this iconic thumbnail where he's bleeding out and there's a shark coming towards him so it makes you think like oh like maybe sharks do smell blood and he's about to get eaten and then we have FaZe rug who then takes that same concept granted he switches up like the shark but he still kind of takes the exact rip from Mark Rober and he puts out busting 50 minuts and 24 hours so again changes like the concept A little bit I would call that more inspiration than stealing but then look at fa's rugs thumbnail let's compare that to the Stokes twins who literally all they do it looks like is they open up the mouth of the shark which actually looks kind kind of goofy but they got eight times the views right and all they did was switch up the mouth and then they changed the myth to 199 instead of 38 so everybody at the end of the day like it's one thing to take inspiration it's another thing to literally just just rip it so here we have a video from Brandon Williams titled beat my grandpa arm wrestling and win $500 and just take a look at the intro here this is Alan fiser a 26 time world champion arm wrestler and today he's dressed up as an old man and will be challenging people here at Muscle Beach really interesting concept also is that Tyreek Hill that's kind of crazy and then we have FaZe Jarvis who now has a video titled can you beat old man at arm wrestling for $500 this is Derek Smith the number one ranked arm wrestler in the state of California and today he is dressed up as an old man and will be challenging people at Muscle Beach California same exact concept but apparently what's funny about this is that the guy in this video this guy right here is apparently the number one or two ranked in the world and then this guy apparently lost to that guy so he got like a worse version of the guy that Brandon William got so it is a step down video Brandon Williams video did Super well 15 million views YouTube itself commented on them which is always a rarity and then you know FaZe Jarvis is like it still did numbers but it didn't do anything like close to it but just again like shamelessly doing the same exact concept it's one thing if you want to just like you took inspiration you thought it was fun but then it's another to literally like rip off the concept completely and that is not the first time that FaZe Jarvis has ripped off somebody in fact so sky as a YouTuber who made a video titled I donated $10,000 to Bad Boy Halo to go bald and a lot of people ended up loving this video and there it is $10,000 go bald idiot and shows him doing it and then FaZe Jarvis once again donated $10,000 if streamers shave their heads I just think whenever morgs copies your video you know that you did something wrong because he's probably has an eye out for videos that are copied multiple times so he doesn't feel as bad about it and so obviously Jarvis kind of messed up here by taking the exact Concept in video from Sky not even a month apart next up we have a Dutch Channel named Daryl steg and I mean this is just it's absurd but every single video is effectively copied so we have a Creator named name fidas here 2 and a half million subscribers I think he's American but let's take a look for instance Hong K Overland opap I don't know what this means but you'll see him with like the neck pillow in the plane and then fidas how long can you live in an airport I'm guessing that's the same exact title if somebody's Dutch Hari who's editing this videoos Dutch so he's probably confirmed at this point and then even further I survived seven days on an island with only a knife you'll see right here and then right here is 72 hours surviving on an island maybe that's what that says and it's the same concept just change up the font a little bit but you probably seen a lot of these thumbnails as well like this is clearly a Mr Beast thumbnail with a credit card and then here we have an airrack thumbnail about him like getting like facing his fears and then this is a Ryan trean thumbnail I mean it goes on and on if you know you know just have a look through it's kind of fun to look through some of these International channels another example of this is a massive Russian Channel called A4 and if you just like some very popular Mr Beast videos he takes from and again nobody's going to call him out but you'll see like I went back to kindergarten so 24 hours in kindergarten and this is the same exact thought nail bringing it to here we looked at the Tesla car challenge before literally same exact thing you'll see the Pikachu in the top left as well so clearly like they took the same exact car and just put themselves in it and even the last to leave the desert island which I don't know why they titled this one in English I guess that's what they do actually but same exact thumbnail same exact Island no switch up whatsoever I think the biggest takeaway is that this video could literally have been like 10 hours long of just reviewing thumbnails that are copy and paste from bigger creators or International creators it just happens it's part of the YouTube landscape when you see it just make note of it be like oh okay this Creator does XYZ just so you know so you have some data so you as a viewer can have a more pleasurable experience supporting creators who actually make their own work anyways guys thank you so much for watching if you want to see more content make sure to click here click here otherwise subscribe on your way out and I will see you next time peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @DarkshadowPlaysRoblox [1 likes]: WTF stokes twins don’t copy. Even if they did then it wouldn’t matter because the internet is about copying people
  2. @AllieSizzler [1 likes]: And Jordan matter 18:40
  3. @donnacapilitan2462 [1 likes]: Wow, that's so dumb that they copy each other I see multiple of these copy In thumbnails how I imagine that you blow so much viewers from the thumbnail, and then they copy it?? I will be so pissed off 😡😡
  4. @lost_fish69: fidias is cypriot
  5. @lost_fish69: FIDIAS CYPRUS MENTIONEDDDD
  6. @PeterStam-i2m: Sambucha copied law by mike
  7. @KingTrickshotz-m3x: i love trains
  8. @KingTrickshotz-m3x: bro im here in 2026 and addie bowley has just made a food critic video 4 hours ago
  9. @Marinbubbletea: I am from netherland dutch
  10. @CentexVitamine-el4tu: Copy this comment :i love trains
  11. @Grandmastr13: Love the hat
  12. @GundamStarForce33: I've had a YouTuber steal some of my short videos . But nothing much nowadays
  13. @ArianeJoyceBarredo: Brent Rivera from the first thumbnail said from the description that the thumbnail and idea was inspired by drewdoes or @imdrewdoes, and says subscribe to drewdoes.
  14. @Zayaadgnake: GUYS HERE ME OUT!!🙌 we HAVE to go and like all the original videos from this video to support the OGs!
  15. @EmmaBlack-t8h8b: 7:09 BEN AZELEERT😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  16. @GoddessDemon999: Faze rug copied your video about z d films recently
  17. @EttoreRossi-v4d: 11:14 i am italian, i'm having and hearth attack
  18. @Sake-148: 17:52 / 22:43   "
Oh look it me :)"
  19. @kenwean_low: Pretty good Idea doing an inspiration on the copycat but a different challenge..
  20. @LittleLemon-ww8dd: Alex warren the singer????

- MrBeast VS Russian Copycat (The Ultimate Showdown): Kind: captions Language: en the largest channel in russian just takes my thumbnails and photoshops his face on mine creativity at its best oh my god lol he should photoshop his face onto this for his next thumbnail you hate to see it that's actually weird el well he talks about quality of the content he literally steals all his ideas from american uk youtubers shameless youtubers always copy other youtubers that's an unavoidable fact in fact i'll even admit that the idea for this video was taken by another popular youtuber loaf who's already posted an excellent video on the topic taking an idea from another content creator seems to be somewhat appropriate when you add your own spin to it give it your own title thumbnail and present the content in a slightly different way the issue is it can be almost impossible to differentiate between seeking inspiration from another creator and completely copying their video or idea where is the line it's an issue that came into contention approximately four months ago when mrbeast would post a tweet stating the largest channel in russia just takes my thumbnails and photoshops his face on mine which has since opened up a massive can of worms for this russian channel who seems to not only steal numerous aspects of mr beast's videos but additionally many other large english-speaking creators re-marketing it to a non-english-speaking audience who may not be completely aware of the creators from which the content is being stolen the channel in question goes by the name of a4 run by 25 year old vlad bumaga the 31 million subscribers accumulated on the channel makes it the biggest in its country of origin belarus having almost four times the second most subscribed channel in the country which has only 8 million subscribers just to really hammer home how big this channel truly is it actually gains more views than mr beast on average having gained 5.89 billion views in the last 12 months as opposed to jimmy's 5.32 billion you could make the argument that jimmy posts less frequently and therefore it's not a fair comparison but regardless this belarusian channel is absolutely enormous so big in fact that you wouldn't expect a response from him when called out on anything especially not a tweet criticizing him however this wasn't the case a4 would respond to mr beast's twitter call out specifically on an instagram story one twitter user translated the response to one picture it's nothing better to watch the quality of my content than the american i do it ten thousand times better pick takes ten minutes filming four to ten hours without editing and planning sway dreams tomorrow's a new video and pay attention to quality this caused instant backlash against a4 because he clearly hadn't only taken one picture as mentioned i mean just for starters the tweet post by mr beast showcased four different thumbnails that a4 had copied bruh one thumbnail more like all of them a4 would also receive backlash for his arrogance towards the whole situation stating that his content was ten thousand times better than mr beast's and that people should pay attention to the apparent quality of his videos despite the fact that they were completely scripted and filmed on a set um says i do it 10 000 times better also does a 24-hour island video on an island set i'm ashamed of him this idiot instead of apologizing or at least keeping silent started talking about quality content that he never had this clown only dishonors our country and his youtube colleagues ah so he's also a douchebag about it to the credit of a4 having the video scripted and filmed on a set did make the content itself slightly different from mr beasts it would have been even worse if it was actually filmed on an island in a similar style to mr beast this is a deserted island with zero inhabitants and we're gonna spend 24 hours straight here which would have made it just a blatant copy however it wasn't like there weren't similarities between the take for example a4's last to leave the spinning door gets a thousand dollars challenge then put it next to mr beast's lastly the revolving door wins 50 000 video including the thumbnail being basically identical and the title being similar the content itself was almost a carbon copy the set was pretty damn similar to mr beast's the challenges within the video were clearly a rip-off make a goal you win a thousand dollars do it on your next time around come on taylor you can at least do this while the editing style and pacing of the video was almost indistinguishable from mr beast overall being somewhat damning for a4's reputation twitter users would then make another discovery in relation to this copycat creator a4 hadn't only been copying mr base thumbnails titles and content but also his merchandise bro they even got beyond merge the photo displayed an individual rocking a piece of a4 merch done in a very similar style to mr beast's frosted beast yum yum yellow hoodie prompting further outrage from mr beast's fanbase so basically another morgues but this one's worse the other interesting factor to be considered here is that the hoodie also seemed to be a copy of rap group odd futures incredibly popular of melting donut design launched back in 2012 which was noticed by a few other twitter users this also reminds me a lot of odd future merch as well i mean to be fair it's not an uncommon style oh it's totally just odd future the russian guy is just a copy of a copy indicating that perhaps both mr beast and a4 had copied odd future's original merch idea regardless what this seemed to show was that a4 was not limited to copying only mr beast creating another question who else had a4 been copying well it would come to be discovered that another channel with 22.4 million subscribers by the name of troom troom had also been getting their content ripped off by a4 one example is a video titled 12 ways to sneak snacks into college posted by troop troom which will be copied by a4 in a video titled 12 ways to sneak sweets into school however i think we can give a4 a pass here the title was clearly a rip-off but the thumbnail had been recreated originally plus the content within the a4 video was fairly different from the content within the troom trum video however a4 certainly doesn't get a pass for copying another creator with 4.95 million subscribers by the name of just dustin who would reply to mr b's tweet stating welcome to the club also tweeting at youtube with the assumed goal of having the channel reprimanded dustin's thumbnails had received a similar treatment to mr beast's literally being the same thumbnail with a new face photoshopped over the top dustin would then go on to tweet thumbnails are intellectual property and this should be considered copyright and it's not like dustin was the only one with this opinion many other twitter users shared a similar opinion towards the matter surely this is just insta-bannable why does youtube allow stuff like this at what point can mr beast take legal action for copying his stuff however the general consensus from a bunch of people who we can assume know nothing about the legal system including myself seems to be that copyright laws get a bit murky when you're dealing on an international level and this whole murky cross-border copyright problem isn't purely exclusive to a4 and mr beast many other creators have had a similar problem with international youtube channels blatantly ripping off their content a creator by the name of skip the tutorial would respond to the tweet stating i recently had this happen with the spanish channel manu manu it's crazy how many foreign creators just take popular english content and repackage translate it sometimes verbatim hilariously since this tweet was posted manumanu has changed his thumbnail to something slightly more original but what is still in question is the content itself if you play the video side by side and change the editing a little bit they're basically the exact same thing 29 minecraft things you might be doing wrong in minecraft there's plenty of different ways to solve your problem which means that sometimes you might be doing the least effective option without even knowing it so today let's fix that and solve the minecraft everyday activities that you've been doing wrong and hey the youtube zombie bet me that it's impossible to subscribe to the channel before they turn back into a villager the problem seems to be that those from the english side of youtube never get recommended anything from the spanish side of youtube so there's really not a single person in the comments talking about how the whole video is just a blatant copy of skipthetutorials and you might also say that this is worse plagiarism than a4 mr beast because not only does manu manu copy the title and thumbnail he also copies the content within the videos almost identically but at least manu manu actually delivers on what is offered in the title as does mr beast but going back to a4 what is stated in his titles rarely eventuates within the videos take for example mr beast's first to take your hand off the car challenge then compare it to a4's rip-off video titled the last one to let go off the hand will get lamborghini challenge in mr beast's video chris ends up winning no one else is touching the car but chris which means chris is the winner chris and gets the opportunity to be given a 20 000 lamborghini by mr beast instead of getting the lamborghini i wanted to take the 20 grand and split it between the other guys in the video who lost then take a4's video which specifically states we'll get lamborghini in the title someone does go on to win the a4 challenge but what do they get well a ride in a lamborghini a4 just offers underwhelming prizes in comparison to mr beast also lying in his title to attract more viewers a ride in a lamborghini as opposed to an actual lamborghini a thousand dollar revolving door challenge as opposed to a 50 dollar revolving door challenge fifty thousand dollar extreme hide and seek challenge verse well zero dollar hide and seek challenge but considering a4's videos still get millions of views perhaps it shows that people are more interested in the challenge itself rather than the prize money being offered however i can't exactly imagine mr beast would remain as the respected creator he is at the moment if he suddenly started offering a thousand dollars per video however it does seem like there has been some justice done towards a4 ever since mr beast made the tweet the top comments on a4's videos often refer to him stealing mr beast's ideas mum can we get mr beast no son we have mr beast at home mr beast at home this guy needs to get his own content and not stealing from other people this guy needs to get a big l okay mr bass needs to come here for a quick minute and preach some words about copyright however the problem here is that english comments seem to be filtered to the top for english speakers and the quantity of russians and belarusians oblivious to the copied nature of the videos far outweighs the amount of english comments who are aware that the video isn't exactly an original idea and perhaps the publicity from the event has actually been a benefit for a4 because while everyone has been berating him for the stolen content he's also had some of the best months ever on the youtube platform at the same time while it's never nice to have someone copy your thumbnail the whole saga appears to be much more of a positive for mr beast than a negative someone taking a thumbnail especially from a different country isn't really going to make people less likely to click on mrbeast's in fact if anything it might make it more likely considering new viewers may feel more comfortable when presented with his thumbnails mr beast has also received pretty good media attention from the whole incident and overall has been painted as the good guy while a4 has been painted as the bad guy you

  Top Comments:
  1. @kelbbb42 [4 likes]: why does the title say russian copycat? he is belarussian.
  2. @nuh_uhbroski [2 likes]: 0:15 preston?!?!??!
  3. @GraduatlonBear [1 likes]: 1:02 Mrbeast is so fake. He posted that tweet complaining how that YouTuber is putting his face on his thumbnails, meanwhile the ai tool Mrbeast created encouraged you to steal other creators thumbnails and put your face on them. He seems to only get mad when he’s the one getting stolen from.
  4. @AsilaMustafakulova [1 likes]: If you hate a4 like 
👇
  5. @AsilaMustafakulova [1 likes]: A4 is literally stupid 🙄 😒
  6. @AsilaMustafakulova [1 likes]: I know Russian and English and Uzbek i wes a  big fan of a4 but  I a youtub named iballa
  7. @srprigby [1 likes]: I like to see him copy "Mr beast" in 2025🤣
  8. @cozzinator123: 0:56 right there
  9. @YT_Usmon: Stop saying a4 is a copy of Mr. Beast no he is not he is makes hos aun vids like what
  10. @minaam3623: A4...
  11. @Viktor_Kostin: DUDE I WATCH A4 ON RUSSIAN YOUTUBE
also do yall know we have this law that is different for others that we allow copying others as long as its not from russia? OBVIOUSLY we would make one bro. live with it. theres a BFDI clone aswell. also youtube is banned in our country. SO OF COURSE WE WOULD MAKE A MR BEAST COPY FOR US TO WATCH.
  12. @DuckDuck-h4q: The thing is that Mr beast is also has a Russian channel, has memes dedicated to him, and has a lot more respect 🫡
  13. @DuckDuck-h4q: From 2025 in Russia now he makes brain rot and has is face on fucking malls. 😔
  14. @BeeBour: communism would fix it also belarus isnt russia
  15. @elongrealty2028: He also copied Ryan Trahan😢
  16. @luxter858: The mf has 87 m subs now
  17. @WOWimCRAZY-435: I watch A4 ngl
  18. @daivaredred5527: Russians were always like this copying others! (just look at their cars)
  19. @BenjaminKamanga-ni8ke: Why is  troom Troom  here?   😂.
  20. @הדורדורהכידורדור: well well well this aged very very well

- 11 Thumbnail Design Hacks Top Creators Use on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you 11 thumbnail design hacks some of the top creators on YouTube are using right now to Skyrocket their growth on YouTube when it comes to thumbnails your CTR or click-through rate matters a lot CTR is a metric that measures the amount of people who clicked on your thumbnail based on the amount of people it was shown to for example if you have a CTR of 7% that means out of 100 people it was shown to seven of them clicked on it the average CTR on YouTube is between 2 and 10% and the best creators are getting above the average and you can too if you have a low percentage let's be honest you have a boring thumbnail and that won't get views if you have a high one that's where the magic lies and that's where you can get more views make more money and start to grow your channel let's dive in first bright gets it right dark misses the mark bright and contrasting colors on your thumbnails are a great strategy to draw people's attention let's compare these two videos which one would you want to to click on the one on the left or the one on the right using contrasting colors and vibrant colors help draw the viewer's eye to your thumbnail remember your thumbnail gets placed amongst dozens of other thumbnails having a great thumbnail that stands out makes your video the easy option to click on HD is key high quality images are crucial having crisp high resolution images ensure that thumbnails look clean and professional this thumbnail is clean and crisp and psychologically what's happening is it's communicating to the audience that this is a good thumbnail it looks great I got to watch this the best way to capture high quality images for your thumbnails is using your phone or a camera to capture the best photo possible not using a still image from your video that's lower quality close-ups using close-up shots of faces showing strong emotions to create a personal and emotional connection is a great strategy for creating thumbnails I even use Tu budy on this channel on my channel to see which which thumbnails are resonating best with the audience what emotions I'm using in my thumbnails whether I show my face or not that way I can get data to know what to do next close-ups like this psychologically communicate to the viewer the emotion in the video why is he shocked is he happy at what he's looking at it makes you want to find out what's going on another example here is great this makes me curious as to why he's even sitting in a shopping cart and if he's going to be okay here and why are the shelves so empty and did it get this bad the video the less the better that is with the text you use on your thumbnails minimal text is always the goal using minimal but impactful text to convey the message of the video without cluttering the thumbnail and distracting the audience is exactly what you want to aim for this thumbnail here uses little words and allows for the text to support the title of the video along with communicating a message in the photo itself this thumbnail gets me curious because it's saying if he quit his 9 to5 and made billions how do he do it I need to know he's clearly flying on a private plane so it must be true having the look this one is underrated and highly overlooked that's why I call it having the look because if you look at the channel That I just showed you if you scroll through Noah's thumbnails they follow a certain style and they all look alike GQ Sports does this as well they follow this with their series on 10 things blank can't live without the background of their thumbnail is the exact same design every time and you begin to become familiar with it psychologically this builds familiarity with the audience and they begin to know what your thumbnails look like and they can recognize your videos just by the thumbnail alone I look at these videos and I already know what they're about because I see them so often when I just scroll on YouTube having consistent fonts colors and logos are key so your audience can establish a consistent brand and identity with your thumbnails before and afters before and afters create a massive amount of curiosity for the audience to want to click showing a transform or comparison using before and afters is great this is one of my favorite channels on YouTube gravity transformation they do a great job of showing before and after thumbnails by showing a situation on the left side and a different version on the right and you'll notice they incorporate The Branding component in there as well like we just talked about keep in mind you don't have to just be a finish Channel you can show before and afters with anything whether it's a new desk setup a new room setup a home renovation a recipe the possibilities are endless here's a key tip if you are making before and after thumbnails pay attention I know this may sound obvious on the left hand side that is the before and on the right that is the after I see so many channels mixing this up and it's confusing to the audience massive error do not do this use Graphics eye-catching Graphics are a unique way to communicate to the audience what is happening without using any words take this one for example I personally am a massive football fan and I've never seen this video before when I I saw it roll across my feet I said to myself did he actually wear a camera then I said wow that must be the POV shot of him playing on the field I have to watch this that's so cool finding ways where you can communicate to the audience what is happening without having to tell them and you can show them will win take action action shots great strategy to capture people's attention one of the best thumbnails that does this perfectly is from Dude Perfect when they went to space it creates a level of intrigue and excitement because you want to see in that moment what happen happened when they got to that point in the video here's the thing if you are using action shots in your video you must I mean must deliver this channel is one I watch all the time because I'm a massive Aviation fan and what's happening in the thumbnail is always happening in the video because they use an action shot and a screen grab from the video as their thumbnail it works for them let's be honest no one wants to be baited into a video from a thumbnail that didn't deliver in the video at all that is clickbait and no one will come back to watch your videos test test test am testing is a great strategy underrated but a great strategy for this creating different variations for your thumbnails is something to consider personally one of my favorite features with using tubebuddy is the AB testing feature I even used it on a video that I thought the original thumbnail was better and I ran the test and the variation ended up winning with AB testing specifically with tubebuddy a thumbnail will be swapped out every 24 hours so the same audiences are promoted different variations and you could see which one the audience liked better it's great feedback for you to see what the audience likes and what they don't like optimize for mobile and TV when creating a thumbnail you should take into account how it looks on mobile and on TV that's because 45% of viewership of YouTube is happening on TV honestly before I made this video I didn't even know that that's wild to me meaning you need to stand out one of my favorite ways to do this is use thumbnail check phenomenal website to ensure that your thumbnail and title is up to part with best practices and that your title doesn't get cut off when people are surfing YouTube finally do your research this goes overlooked heavily see what's working out there search to see what other people in your Niche industry are doing it's a great way for you to collect data on what's working right now and what people are resonating with check the colors The Branding the style of thumbnail then check the views on the video and I can guarantee you if there's a high view count with a solid thumbnail it means people are clicking on it to watch and they're interested that is 11 that's 10 11 thumbnail design hacks that top creators are using right now on YouTube to grow their Channel get more views and make more money if you enjoyed this video you're going to love this one right here where I share with you five strategies that you can use in 2024 with your YouTube shorts I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcglitch-JC [2 likes]: thx im definatly using this in my next vid
  2. @bigblackboy8918 [1 likes]: When I clicked on the video there was an ad about a video editing software and i watched it for a minute before realizing
  3. @rewarduniversity [1 likes]: very helpful
  4. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is super
  5. @jankijain210: The tip about ensuring the before is always on the left and the after is on the right is such a simple but crucial hack for avoiding viewer confusion
  6. @Nada_mwahhh: straykids mentioned
  7. @Tangon-deaki: Very interesting infor.
  8. @GaoGao-s1l: 1:03
  9. @QRSULTRA2: 1:01 I don’t want to click on any of them cuz I don’t Evan like that
  10. @QRSULTRA2: Bro pls chill im not Evan YouTube verified or have YouTube studios so YouTube gives me options for a thumbnail and im mobile
  11. @LuckyShowTime: How, lad? Show us the way.
  12. @ChrisTheWolff: These 11 design hacks are game-changers🚀 The tip about consistent branding having the look is so underrated for building long-term recognition. Thanks for the breakdown🙌
  13. @jeremysantos_4122: These thumbnail hacks are absolute gold, The tip about using minimal but impactful text is so true, it really helps the main image stand out and drive curiosity. Definitely trying these for my next upload 🎨🚀
  14. @FactFactory-s4u: Who has created youtube channel in December 2025? 😂😊
  15. @WildGeeseMedia1: The fact that he only focuses on childish entertainment channels shows a lack of understanding of psychology behind it.
  16. @WiredSoundscape: You mentioned TubeBuddy, is there another site that does the same thing. I don't want to use my google account to log in, I use a generic email address that won't leave my personal information accessible.
  17. @Xiae-w7g: These are great tips but not knowing how to show what your doing in the video and make it appealing is for some of my videos very hard
  18. @nkdatopg: 0:54 why would I wanna click on a jack Grealish thumbnail instead of kevin
  19. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  20. @RichieHeumann: Mir hat das Video sehr geholfen. Vielen Dank!

- How To Make Thumbnails 10× Easier With AI in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've been designing YouTube thumbnails for years and I've worked with some of the biggest creators on the platform and I can confidently say AI has completely changed how I design thumbnails. In this video, I'm going to show you the exact workflow I use to create high-erforming thumbnails faster and easier than ever before. I'm going to walk you through all the tools I use on real client projects. And I've never broken it down as simple as this. By the end of this video, you'll be able to copy my exact process to create better thumbnails faster than ever. And by the way, the thumbnail you clicked on in this video is the one we're going to be creating together live. So, if you want more thumbnail education videos like this, then subscribe. Now, we are only going to be using three tools: [music] ChatGBT, Freepick, and Photoshop. Let's first start with ChatGBT and build the concept for this thumbnail. Once inside chat GBT, go ahead and add in reference images of yourself or your client. Simply come to the plus, click add photos, and I'm going to add in three photos that are found on my YouTube channel. Since we're designing a thumbnail for this video, let's go ahead and give chat some details about our video. So, first I'm going to start off with I need a prompt for free pick. Now, once we have this prompt written out to ChatGBT, let's click enter and see what it gives us. And after just a few seconds, chat gbt gave us a full prompt that we can use inside of freepic. So let's jump over to freepic and generate some images. Once inside freepic, we can head over to the image generator. Now this is the cool thing about freepic. You can choose from a ton of different AI image models. For this example, we're going to be using Google Nano Banana Pro. And as you can see, the results are so realistic, it's insane. Make sure we're on 16x9 and we have AI prompt enabled. [music] Now, let's head over to upload and upload our reference images in the same order that we uploaded them into chat GPT. And now, as you can see here, we have image one, image two, and image three. Let's go ahead and paste in [music] our prompt and generate. All right, so these were the results that Freepick gave me. And at a first glance, they're not bad, but they're just not exactly what I [music] want. So, let's go back into ChatGpt and revise our prompt a little bit. All right, after some simple revisions and a couple more seconds, CHGBT is giving us another full prompt that we can throw into Freepic. And let's go ahead and paste it in and generate four more images. Okay, I like these first two the most. This is a cool perspective, but I don't think it's going to work for this. This just feels a little too bland. This feels a lot more dynamic. So, let's go back to chat GBT and revise the prompt just a little bit more. Okay, I got to be honest, I'm not a fan. Let's take a screenshot of the images that were generated. Let's uh scribble these ones out. And then let's throw this into chat GBT. Now, this is a pro tip that I don't see a lot of people doing is taking screenshots of the generations by Freepic and throwing it back into ChatGBT and asking it what's wrong with these images or giving ChatG a visual to see what you're actually talking about. It seems to help a lot. So, once again, let's copy this prompt and paste it into Freepic. All right, once again, not a fan of these images. I'm actually going to take this thumbnail and feed it back into chat GPT and see what we can do with that. So now I'm going to say use this image as image one. Now we can go back into Freepick and upload just this image. Paste in our new prompt and let's see what results it gives us this time. Okay, I'm going to go back to these two thumbnails. I'm going to download them both. And now we're going to go into Photoshop. Quick pause. If you want me to personally help you with your thumbnails, I offer one-on-one consulting calls where we go through your channel and fix your thumbnails together. The link to book a call or work with me directly is in the description. Also, make sure you're following me on my other socials for more tips and breakdowns I don't post here. Back to the video. Okay, so this image is going to be our base for the thumbnail, but I want to take some assets from this thumbnail and just merge them together. So, the first thing I'm going to do is just drag everything down a little bit. Let's go ahead and select subject on our base. Now, I can simply use Photoshop's AI generative fill to remove me and remove the laptop since we just cut myself out. Once the area is selected, we can click generative fill and just leave it blank and hit generate. And as you can see, it perfectly removed every asset from the image. Now, let's go to this image and do the exact same thing. Select the subject and it should select me as well as the laptop. Perfect. And all I want from this image is honestly just my hand here in the foreground. So, I'm going to remove everything else using a mask. And there's just my arm. Now, if we turn this back on and reposition the arm to be about there, that almost already looks perfect. And just like that, the arm fits in perfectly because we're using the same prompts. So, all the images are going to be similar. Now, I believe the laptop is facing a little bit too much away from the camera. So, let's go back to Freepick and see if we can find a picture that has the laptop facing more towards the camera. Now, I like this image here because of how colorful all the apps on the bottom are compared to this one. So, let's download this image and cut out just the laptop. There we go. Now we can position this right about where we want it. Let's go ahead and remove this one. And that simply you can already see such a big difference. Now let's go ahead and add in some of this shadow back. I'm just painting on the mask and adding some of these shadows back into the image just so that it stays realistic. And once again, I'm going to paint back in the shadows on the surface of the desk that are made by that are made by my body. And there we go. The shadows make it look so much more realistic. Now, what I want to do is I want to actually tilt my head a little more straight up. So, I just simply cut out my head and rotated it slightly to the angle that I want. Now, I'm going to mask out my other head. Just like that. And now I'm going to select the area left over and [music] the part connecting my neck. And we're going to click generate and see what this does for us. Hopefully, it removes the head in the background, but also makes my neck connect to the head that I added in. I mean, that looks pretty spot-on. As you can see, it didn't change the shape of my face too much, kept the hair, but just made the neck actually connect. Beautiful. Now, of course, let's not forget to expand the background up here. Perfect. I'm also going to expand this out a little bit to the left, just so that everything can be a little more centered and a little bigger. Let's get some guidelines to make sure I'm doing this correctly. And that looks pretty good composition-wise to me. Now, the next thing I want to do is actually add in one of my thumbnails onto the MacBook here. All right. Now, I added one of my thumbnails to the MacBook screen. Let's go ahead and add some finishing touches. All right. Let's create a levels. Let's make this the mask. And let's darken my shirt a bit. Let's also create a hue saturation with the same mask and turn down the saturation. And I feel like the darker shirt just doesn't clash as much with the MacBook, which I like. Let's also add a color balance layer to the whole image and just slightly adjust the [music] colors to our liking. Okay, let's export this image and go back to chat GPT. Let's upload our image and say use [music] this image as at image one. Don't change anything about the image. Just add a text box above the laptop that says image generated. And let's just say give me prompt and see what we can do with the prompt that he gives us. Again, don't forget to upload your reference image. And let's generate. Oo. Okay, I already like how these two are looking. Wow. Okay, this one is really good. I'm going to save this one. Let's open it in Photoshop. And what we're going to do is just cut out the notification just like that. Let's position it so that it's bigger. And let's also skew it so it looks like it is flush with the laptop. And just like that, this already looks so good. Let's go over this with a little green glow and see how that looks. It's honestly insane how all of this was built just from a few AI tools. [music] And the crazy thing is I didn't even have to use an actual picture of my face. Let's go ahead and add the final touches to this thumbnail. This is ready to be exported and uploaded. And that's it. That's exactly how I make thumbnails with AI in 2026. If you've learned something, subscribe for more thumbnail videos like this and check out my links below to contact me. Thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DillToma [18 likes]: Subscribe for more thumbnail education videos!
  2. @FeyShadow [5 likes]: Tip for those going "teach us how to write the prompt". 

"Image generated needs to be in 16:9 aspect ration and the size needed for a YouTube thumbnail (1280x720) when compressed.  Do not allow any negative space or image cropping to fill the edges.  Some stretching is acceptable when needed. " (This is because most AI image generators dont do 1280x720).

Now based on what you are wanting it to generate you can find information on the topic (or have it give you info) so that it has a reference as ChatGPT will find images on the web as well.  Decide art style, framing, text, logos, etc.  have it generate you several TEXT prompts.  In a NEW chat copy/paste any topic info/art style/reference images into the new chat so it has a master copy (or have previous chat make you a summary).  Have it confirm what you just told it.  Then take one of the prompts from the other chat and say "Generate the following prompt 'insert prompt here's "

Personally I ask it to generate me different reference images in the art style I want to use (including different sides of things) and I use these as the second reference images as things sometimes can get weird.  I've been doing this for a year now and have finally got into a groove after really narrowing things down.
  3. @inspirationakt [2 likes]: Love from India
  4. @CreamSodaBlox [1 likes]: Shadows turorial please ❤
  5. @socialmediamoney [1 likes]: the fact that this is free feels illegal. good stuff Dillon!
  6. @lightdragon3127: Bro really used tons of water to do a fast job. 🤖 clanker
  7. @ReachThePeople: 🔥🔥🔥
  8. @dacallp: So thumbnails are just pure AI slop nowadays? 😭
  9. @epicdogidk: FUCK ai use your creativity gng🤞😭🥀
  10. @an2neoyt: Just realized bros beard is orange 🤨🤨
  11. @rahmanzihad8553: BRO you deserve love
  12. @SkeletorSays5: the ai slop bores me
  13. @Viitorvoiceworld: really helpful, thx
  14. @vivitalk_app: Really helpful man
  15. @BoSs-b8w5n: Please try pikzels
  16. @dragodaniele: Iscritto😎
  17. @minidorado234: What abt drawings?
  18. @uuuuuusswrr: thank you bro so useful you've teach me so much and i saved a lot of time
  19. @RebelC18: Can u make a video how we can do cool thumbnails like that without AI tho since kinda 70% of youtube is against AI
  20. @Code-With-Robby: fire video mijo, is photoshop a month subscription?

- How to Make Thumbnail like Mr Beast: Kind: captions Language: en There were so many comments on Mr Beast's thumbnail tutorial that I had to make this tutorial, that's why today I will recreate this thumbnail. I am going to tell you today the complete process from the photoshoot to the final thumbnail, how I set up lightning to click thumbnail photos, how I transformed a simple metal drum from one thing to another and how I made a complete thumbnail, I am going to tell you everything step by step today, but one thing that I have not told you is that like the last video, this video also has a gift for you guys, so make sure you don't miss even a single second of the video, okay, so we have to click photos in this pose, so let's go and see the lightning setup, what to do and how to click photos, right? Let's go, okay, so we have to shoot some such image of Mr Beast, I have to shoot my image like Mr Beast, so for that, first I will look for a white wall, where do I have a white wall in my room, so I think I have space here. This is where I can shoot, like I will remove this panel from here, then I have this plain white background, okay, and if you don't have one, then you can put chart paper on the wall and shoot on it like this, so here I setup, here I will place a soft box, then another light will be placed, and here I click a photo for thumbnail, okay, okay, so as you can see, here I have kept my tripod, then here there is a tube light, around which I have made something like this with black chart paper, you can see, something like this, so that the light does not spill much here left right, and then we have our soft box in which two 100 watt LED bulbs are installed, okay, and there we will sit and shoot our photo, okay, so right now the light is setup from both the sides, this is the tube light which I had mentioned, which I had made, is there, like if I remove this, then you can see the fill light on the left portion, Yes, ours was finished, okay, now it looks fine, okay, it is getting delayed, this portion of mine is also getting delayed, and here is our main light which is a soft box, okay, so here I am posing in a manner like Mr. Beast 's pose, right now in this video my entire hand might not be visible below, but when I click the photo, it will be visible completely, so this is the pose of Mr. Beast, like this, here his hands are tied and he has done something like this, okay, so I also click a lot of photos in that pose and whichever one looks good, I will use it in the thumbnail, okay, okay, so here we are in the photo, I think we can use this, the one with number 42, first of all we will make these drums, how can we make them, so I tried to generate these drums from Chat.GPT, sorry not from Chat.GPT, I tried to generate them from Mid Journey. When I did it, the thumbnail had drums like this, like completely red and white in the middle, so it was not generating like this, then I went to Envato Elements, after going to Envato Elements, I searched for metal drum, then scrolled here and went to 3D assets, then here I found a drum, here it is red in color, which will be perfect for us. Now the problem is that this one is a little bit right in this one, sorry, in this pose, we need a little bit right, so what can we do for that, we will click on this pay view 360 render, and it will take a few seconds and it will show us this in 360, so we can rotate it like this, whatever we want, we can see it from different angles, so whatever angle we want, I think this angle will be right, this one will be fine, now the problem is that it is asking us for money to download it, but I will take a screenshot of it, this is only for educational purposes. Purpose not for, if you want to use these drums then you can go and download them and take their subscription, sorry, do not do it this way because it is possible that copyright may come into play or else do not do it even if there is legal issue, I mean, I will take a screenshot of it like this, I will simply drag and drop it in Facebook, now we have to remove its background from white, so what will we do for that, here you will see on the left side, there is a tool bar, so the fourth number tool here is Quick Selection Tool, by clicking on this you will get the option of Select Subject above, click on it, as soon as you click on Select Subject, it will automatically make a selection of the drum, like this is it, now to remove its background, this selection is made, now to remove its background you will get the option of Layer Mask in the bottom right corner, you simply have to click on it, so you can see that its background has been removed, okay now we have to remove this drum We have to make a drum like this, on which there should be white in the middle, sorry, there should be a label and here, if there are scratches or dust, it will also work. So, to apply white, what will we do first, we will take the pen tool, here you can also take a fill path or a shape, I prefer to take a shape, so first I will make the shape non, so here, I want this part from here till here, I want the part to be white, so what will I do simply, I will make a selection of it from here with the pen tool in this way. Now the problem is that it is coming on the side also, we only want it above this, so for that, you simply do not see the shape and you can see a line between the two below the layer, so you have to take your cursor to this line and hold alt, then you will see an icon of this type here, then simply left click there, then it will be clipped, okay, now it is clipped, now we will click on it. Let's make this sign, so to make this sign we will first search, so I will search here Flame Logo PNG, then I will go to images, then here I think this flame, this flame is flipped, so I will right click on it and copy it, from here we will select black because this flame here is black in our thumbnail, now how to make this triangle, you will simply get a rectangle here in this way, so right click on it, then more options will open here, so here we have to select triangle, okay, then after selecting the triangle, we will take it in fill color, yellow, we will make the stroke black, okay, then by holding shift here, if you make a triangle, it will be a perfect triangle, but we want a little horizontal wide triangle, so I will not do it by holding shift, accordingly I will make it in this way, now its edges are very sharp, you can see, they are very sharp, so to correct that, we will make the triangle As soon as you select it, some dots will appear here. As soon as you bring them to the inside, they will become curved. Okay, now the stroke is coming out a little less, so I will increase it. How much is the stroke around this, I will make it as much as around it. This will be fine. Okay, now I will take this layer down. I think this looks absolutely perfect. Same, he has also used the same. Okay, so I will select both of them. Right click, convert to smart object, give it a name. We sign. You can see that in this, the side here looks like it is above the curve. So, ours looks like it is directly above it. For that, we will move it a little here. Then we will press control-t. Okay, then these transform tools will come to us. Then we have to hold control-t. Then, these dots here, you simply have to click on them and bring them down a little. This one also has to be brought down a little. Okay, this one has come too much, I will bring it up. I think this will be Fine, now look, there is a little curve below it, just like this one has a curve, similarly this one also has a curve, so to give that curve, we will right click here, you will get the option, this one is fine, so we will simply drag it from the bottom in this way, a little, see how to do it, Control T, so here is an option of its warp, okay, we will do it, prospective warp, whatever it is, we will do it a little from the bottom in this way, like its curve will be from the bottom, okay, let's rotate it a little, I think this will be fine, so it is looking better, it is looking much better than before, a little, now look, it looks absolutely normal, now a little rusty type on top of it, yes brother, this is an old drum, what will we do to apply that, we will go to FreePick, then simply search here, we will search for rust texture, there are many rust textures available here, rust means rust texture, I think this texture will be perfect for the white area, so I will download it. I will do it, then from here we will simply bring it here, we will drag and drop it in Facebook, take it below the sign, control t and make it smaller around this, now the thing is that if we clip it directly like we did it, then it is not coming directly on our mask, so what will we do to bring it on top of the mask, we will press control first, then our shape layer which we had created below this, to make it white, you can see its thumbnail, if you click on it, then see the cursor is getting placed like this, so as soon as you click, its selection will be created, then the texture of the image that we have inserted here, so what will we do to bring it in that shape, we will create a mask here, that selection has come in it, okay, now we will multiply it in it, if you have used any other texture, then change its blend mode and see, if it is not fitting, then right now it is fitting fine, there is no problem, so I will fill it I will reduce it to around 75, it will be fine. Now, you see here that his is fading a little bit, yes brother, this mark that he has placed is also fading a little bit, so how do we do this? Now, we cannot do it manually, so we will double click on the sign, here under the blending option, there is a blend if, there is an underline layer and a current layer, so these are two things, so we have to press Alt on this arrow of the underline layer and click on it, then we will slide one of its arrows a little bit like this until some kind of grain starts appearing in it, as you slide you can see that grains are starting to appear, so I will slide it completely, see, it looks better now, okay, I will click on OK, so you can see this is the before, this is the after, now it looks as if it is placed on top of it, that sticker, okay, now the problem This means we need to add rustle here as well. We need to add a metallic texture here as well. So what will I do for that? And let's see the metallic texture, sorry, rusty type textures. Okay, so I found this image, I think we can use it. So I will download it and make it smaller a little and place it here and do that. Like this. Now it is coming above it, so we will take it below it. We need it below the shape as well. Then change its blend mode and multiply it. So you can see, yes, there are some scratches. The rusty type has become too much. So, we will apply this rusty type only on the upper edge. So what will we do for that? We will create a mask on it. Okay, and here I will press Control-I, then take the brush tool and paint there. So, now see, it looks good there. I will apply that thing below as well. To move it down, there will be no need for the bottom because the bottom one is visible. No, okay. So now we will copy this texture, press Control J. This time we will delete its mask and bring it there, like around below that shape. Now here is the problem, if we place it like this, then this drum is a little like this, in this way we have placed it straight like this, if it is pasted then it will not look good, so we will warp it in the same way so that it becomes like this, so what did I tell you, simply select it, press Control T, then click on this warp option here, then simply you have to drag it from the bottom and slightly from the top, sorry, drag it slightly from the top, like this, so you can see that a little roundness has come in it, okay, so we will multiply it by selecting it from here, you can see that now its texture is looking much better, so I will reduce its fill a little more, around this will be fine, then press Control J and make another copy of it, then clip this also in it. Then press Control-T and move it down. Okay, let's flip it so that it looks even on both sides. Okay, I'll select them all and right-click and convert to Smart Object. Okay, then we'll create a new layer. And here we'll take a custom document, 1920 by 1080, which is the size of YouTube 3. Okay, you can also take 7, 1280 by 720, you can take it as per your wish. Okay, you can take either of them. So I prefer 1920 by 1080, so I'll simply click Create. Now we have it. Now we still have to remove the guides, so I'll simply press Control-P h. Now I'll bring this drum here and paste it. Press Control-T to make it smaller and place it here. Now I'll copy-paste that thumbnail here. Let's see where we want to place the drums. Copy- paste it and make it bigger. Let's see the position of the drums. Where do I have to place it? Then I will press control-t and flip it horizontally and place it here. So now we need our subject here. So, for the subject, I had selected an image. Of all the images that I showed you for the subject, I found this one to be the most suitable. So, we will work on it. Okay, so I will simply drag and drop it here. Okay, so I have opened my image in Photoshop. So, let's crop it a little. You can open the crop tool with CC. Okay, then I will crop it a little from here, like this. I will do it a little from the bottom also, around this. Then I will take the lasso tool. The third tool is the lasso tool. Okay, I will make a rough selection of it, like this. Now, if a little part here is not selected properly, then I will hold shift. As soon as you hold shift, you will see that a plus icon is appearing below the cursor. So, as soon as you hold shift, you can select it in this way. Okay, so this is also selected, now I simply have to click on Select and Mask, the option will come up, then after this, the option of Select Subject will come here, here I am selecting the cloud details, then I have to click on Select Subject, then it will select our subject, then here in the output we have to take Layer Mask, then click on OK, so our background has been removed, I will make a copy of it, then after selecting both, right click, convert to Smart Object, control C, then bring it to our thumbnail, and here I will control V, then we will make it a little smaller around this, so now we have to do screen retouching on this, so I have already made a video on screen retouching, you will find it in the i button here or you will also get the link in the description, so you should watch it once, how to do screen retouching, okay, okay, so I have done the retouching, but you can see a little here. It looks a bit greenish. You'll see that Mr. Beast's is looking quite good, but there's a slight greenish tint in it. To remove it, we'll simply select its layer. Then, go to Filters, then Camera Raw Filter. Then, instead of taking the greens to simply greens, we'll slide them in this way. A slight pinkish tone, as you can see, will appear. Okay. And to remove the green, we'll do one more thing: go to Saturation and lower the saturation of the greens so that any green that's present anywhere is completely removed. Then, click on OK. You can see that it does n't look as green as before; it looks better than before. You can see that there's a little light coming on these drums here. To correct this, click on the Colors option in the bottom right corner. Then, select Curves Adjustment Layer. Let's take this and clip it to our drum. Then we'll bring it down a little, so it becomes smaller. After removing it, we'll press Control I. To invert the mask, we'll take the brush tool, increase the size, and paint here. Okay, so I'll copy this, select both of them, Control G, Control H, flip horizontal, and place it here. Around this, now this is our bottom container, both of these containers will be above it. Sorry, the shadows of both of them will also be created. To do that, we'll select the bottom drum, then go to the colors option, take a curves adjustment layer, clip it. Then, inside it, we'll bring this point down to create a shadow because we need to darken it. Then, we'll cut it, then press Control A to invert it. Then, we'll take the brush tool and paint here in this way. I'll reduce its opacity a little. Okay, so now we have to bring ropes like this on it and bring them here. I have to put a rope on it, for that I have generated the rope from mid journey itself, first I had told a chat.gpt, let me show you a second, I had given him this screenshot here that I have to generate a rope of this type, so please promote me for it, he promoted me, then I inserted it in chat.gpt, the output was something like this for the first time, but as I kept generating it, I got something like this, then I zoomed it out and got something like this, okay, let's download it, you will see if I rotate it and place it, it will fit perfectly, let's download it, control j, it has been downloaded, so we will paste it here, if we rotate it like this and place it, it will be better, we will simply select it, by double clicking its smart object will open, then go to quick selection tool and select subject, then our rope will be selected, so you can see it will fit perfectly here, so let's make it smaller around This end, we will place it here and a little below, okay, and I will take it below these two containers so that it appears that it is below the containers, sorry, we have to take it below the containers, yes, so it will appear like this, these containers are in front, those are behind, okay, so now the question is how to bring our hands above their ropes, so we have created a smart object, this rope, we will select it, then simply mask it, sorry, click on the mask, create a mask, then lower the opacity a little, then take the brush tool and paint on it again, okay, so you can see that I have placed the ropes here properly, so now shadows will also be created on the ropes below the hands, obviously, as you can see, here they have a shadow on the bottom side and there is a slight shadow of the hands here too, so I will hide this here, sorry, I have come to the other tab, and to create a shadow on these here, I will use this I will simply select it, then create a curves layer here, then simply clip it and mask it, bring down the shadow inside it, this will be fine, then cut it and press control and to invert the mask, take the brush tool, bring down the opacity around, the hardness will be zero and here we will paint a little bit in this way, now if I am pasted on the drum in the background like this, then there will be an obvious shadow on it too, so what will we do for that, we will select the background one, here we have already created a curves layer, take the brush tool and create a shadow in this way behind, so now you can see there is a little shadow, yes brother, I am there, how much difference does shadow make there, okay, now the thing comes that the hand cuff, this is called duck tape, I did not have duck tape for it, so now how will I do it here, so this is much better here, see, he has applied this here, ahm I like this one the most, so I think we can go with this one, so I will cut it and bring it down. Now see, here again we will create shadows on the ropes also, okay, because here the ropes are overlapping on these containers through the overlap containers, they are overlapping, sorry friend, isn't it? So I will select it and select this rope, then we had already put shadows on the curves, so I will simply select the mask of the curves, take the brush tool, then select white here, take the brush tool and lower its opacity and create shadows here, you can see that it is looking better now, it is looking better than before, isn't it? Our thumbnail is looking much better, now you can see that we will have to add some shadow on the bottom side as well, so I will simply select our drum and add the shadow behind it in this way, sorry, because it is dark. It will remain the whole thing, nice, so you can see that we have come very close to our thumbnail. Almost like we have to add fire particles and a background behind it, and our thumbnail is almost ready. Okay, so first of all, you can see that in this Mr. Beast thumbnail, these containers have a very high brightness compared to our containers. So, I will select the containers first, right-click and convert to smart object. First, I will select both the left and right ones, then I will select the right one, go to filter, camera raw filter, and here I will increase its exposure and also increase the contrast a little around it so that it becomes a little highlighted. Okay, then I will slightly increase its shadows, and add a little highlight to it, then Okay, so you can see that it looks better than before. We will apply the same camera and filter to the rest as well. How to apply it, you can see this as soon as we apply it. No, this is the before, this is after, like apply it, so here the option of camera raw filter comes here, sorry filter has already been applied on the smart object, so simply hold alt and drag it in this way while taking left click on the second smart object, then it will be applied on that as well, now I have to apply it on the last one as well, so simply hold alt and take it on top of that as well, like this, so you can see now there is a little brightness in it, there is a little power, now you can see a little better than before, and we will also do that which is so much red in it, when we apply that camera raw filter in the end, we will do this thing at that time, so I hide it first, now let us see how we can apply this tone effect here, so for that I will hide it first, okay, so to create a tone effect, then we have to take the lasso tool here, so we will create a random shape in whichever shape we want that tone effect, so I have to do it in this shape If you want, I will create a selection here like this. Then here we have to click on the colors option and select a solid color. Then simply click on OK. Then you have to simply select the mask here. After selecting the mask, go to Filters and then Filter Gallery. Then here you will find an effect called Spatter under Brush Strokes. Select it and on that you will do this. When you manipulate it in this way, it will look something like this, that is, a little random, it will be a little jhir jhir, whatever you call it. Due to noising, its edges will not be smooth. Then you can see according to yourself, whichever you like better. For me, this will be fine. I will click on OK. Then you can see that something like this has been created here. Now to apply a skin on it, what I will do is take the Lasso tool and select the layer of my subject and here I will select the skin of my subject in this way. Then I will press Control JJ and then bring it over it. I will come and do that in it, clip it, then press control t and bring it here, you can see that it has come here in this way, we will enlarge it and place it below it in this way, then select its fill layer, then in this we will add inner shadow in it, like so that the shadow of our t-shirt there will also be created, adjust the opacity around it a little, this will be fine, according to you, this will be fine, then I will click on ok ok, so in this way I can also create this effect here, and if you want to do that on the edges, that yes it is tearing, you want to show tearing, then what you have to do for that is select the subject's layer, simply then create a curves adjustment layer here, then turn down the curves adjustment layer a little, then press control t, take the brush tool, then reduce the opacity a little, then around it you can create this shadow here in this way You can say that yes, it looks torn from here, so I will create more torn effects here and if you want to add a thread in between them, then for that you can simply invert the mask and apply it in this way like this, so you can see that it looks like there are some threads left inside it, so by making it smaller you can apply it in this way like this, so such a realistic effect is coming that yes brother, you can see that the clothes are really torn, so you can make it in this way, I have made it, so I think there will be enough of them, if you want to add more, you can add torn effect in this way, so now we are very close to our thumbnail, almost here we have to add explosion explosives and here the background behind is like a wooden one, so for that I will go to free pic and search here wooden background, I think this one will be fine, so I will do it, download simply drag and drop in the background, control t We'll enlarge it by pressing around this and darken the background a little because you can see it's a little dark and we'll also lower the saturation, so select the hue and saturation and lower the saturation around this will be fine and we'll also decrease its lightness a little around this, okay, so now it looks better, so you can see our thumbnail is almost ready, we just have to add explosions on it, so you can see a little explosion type thing is forming here, there's a hole in it, so I'll try to recreate that, then with the Lasso tool I'll make a random small selection above the container, okay, then here I'll take a solid color layer, then I'll take its red color, and around it, okay, okay, so now we'll create a new layer and clip it to it, take the brush tool and select black color, increase the size, slightly lower its opacity, and the top side looks like this We'll paint it so that it looks like this thing inside it has burst and it will come out from inside it. So here it looks like there's a hole in it, a little hole has formed here. So we'll apply explosive here. We want to create this kind of fire coming out, right? We can use this as well. So it looks like this. I'll screen it. Blend Mode. Press Control-T and enlarge it a little. Around this. You can see the bottom portion looks okay. So we'll apply these fires here as well. So I'll download it. So I ca n't find any explosive type here. So what will I do? Go to Illustrator and select this fire or any other fire. I'll take it. So I'll show it coming out through this hole. This was the hole. Control-V here. We'll do Smart Object. Okay, we'll enlarge it. Let's hide the particles once. Okay. We will change its blend mode and press screen control T and place it around here, then control J it and see, yes it will look fine, yes flame is coming out from inside it, so we will duplicate it, this side is fine and another side of it here, control T flip horizontal and place it in this way so that it does not look like we have placed it after duplicating it, now we will select all these, control G and create a mask on them also, because we have to show inside it, so by making it smaller, the opacity will be 100 and create a mask here in such a way that yes fire is coming out from it, okay, so explosive type, we did not have anything, so I will turn it on more, okay, so these particles are looking fine and for the fire, I will add these things here, like this, okay, now it looks much better, okay, so now our thumbnail is almost ready, all that is left is to apply the Camera Raw filter on it, I have got these particles. No, how have these been applied? As soon as I find something, I will tell you how to apply it. So now we apply the Camera Raw filter on it and I have already made a lot of videos on the Camera Raw filter. In the previous video also, I had explained how to use the Camera Raw filter. I had also explained it in the previous one. I have also made a dedicated video, so you can watch those videos. So, I quickly apply the Camera Raw filter in it and I will show you the final thumbnail. Okay, so I have applied the Camera Raw filter. You can see this is the before, this is the after, how much life the Camera Raw filter brings to the thumbnail. This is before, this is after, and yes, there are some colouring issues on the face here, we can fix them. There are many things, it is visible a little here, like we can fix it. There are many things that need to be fixed in this thumbnail, but right now the basic idea is like a little above the basic, so the idea is a little above the basic. I wanted to tell you how you can make it, like here we left some shadows below the hand, which should have come through here, what do you say, through the ropes, so there are many things and this is the thumbnail of Mr. Beast and this is our thumbnail, so it is almost made similar, if it was explosive here then it would have looked even more similar and the gift that I had talked about in the beginning, so that is the PSD file of this thumbnail, you can go and practice on this thumbnail.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Styloxtube [3 likes]: BRO PLEASE MAKE CONFIDENCE AUR JHA AAP THODA HICKICHATE HO VHA FUNNY EDITING KIA KROOO
  2. @ankitkumar16065 [2 likes]: 5:38 shimphly 😂😂😂 😂
  3. @raghuram9155 [2 likes]: Complete masterclass for photoshop... ❤
  4. @mahendraverma-r8t: very close
  5. @lalityadav0075: bro, hume 4:27 education purpose wala hi idea accha laga... 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  6. @sumitmishra8264: 100watts ke 2 😮
  7. @Design3d-h2m: Photoshop version?
  8. @HadiaKousar-c8f: Masterpiece thumbnail ha bhai Kay photopea per possible ha ??
  9. @Godxmemes-y9y: Bro cooked it!😮
  10. @SakzyShorts: BRO YOU ARE DOING REALY VERY OUTSTANDING WORK 
I REALLY LIKED IT ❤❤💕💕💕💕❤❤👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😘😘❤❤❤❤❤❤👍👍👍👍❤❤❤❤❤❤👍👍👍👍👍👍❤❤💕💕👍👍💕💕👍👍💕💕😊😊😁😁❤❤
  11. @fasiboy-xp5df: can i have pictures drive link ?
  12. @faaizbubere13: Bhai meko thumbnail edit karne ki practice karni hai but mere paas tubers ka reactions nhi milte aap ye bhi provide kar diya karo
  13. @BLACKTECH2: 1:30 - Snoop , biggie , ice cube
  14. @RohanMishra-v1i: T😊😊hank you for  this video
  15. @bajaoo.gaanaa: fbi is coming for that red drum :face-green-smiling::face-green-smiling:
  16. @ankushadak8630: You Can Lequify your Body .... So that , The Tied Rope Be Realistic ❤❤
  17. @SarajudinAnsari-jl9mu: Thx
  18. @Bengalisenpai7: Techno gamerz thumbnail
  19. @habtuhabtu-bc9pc: wow your so talented  bro
  20. @hb-kc1mt: This was a very great stuff! Like and subscribed ❤️. PLEASE MAKE MORE MR.BEAST THUMBNAIL TUTORIAL PLEASE.

- I Made the Same Thumbnail in Every  AI Thumbnail Maker: Kind: captions Language: en I created the same thumbnail in every AI thumbnail generator to find out which one you should actually spend your money on. Now, every creator I know is struggling with thumbnails because your thumbnail can either make or break your video. Take a look at this one for example. This video was going decently and I thought I had a good thumbnail until I changed it to this other thumbnail and the performance skyrocketed. And that's why you need to have a good thumbnail on your videos. But there are multiple ways to go about this. Lately, I've been using AI more and more, and I've been testing various different tools. In this video, I'll be comparing these five AI thumbnail generators to see which one you should actually use. I will leave the link to each and every tool that I mention in the description down below. So, we're going to try to recreate these three thumbnails of these famous YouTube creators. So, the first one is Mr. released the second one I imati and the third one is this magnet media style thumbnail of Leonardo DiCaprio we're starting off with chat GPT as everyone has access to this tool so inside of chat inside of your chat you can drop in any image so I've dropped in all of these images of myself including this Mr. Beast thumbnail as a reference and then I gave it this prompt where I wanted to recreate the Mr. B style thumbnail with images of myself. Now, out came this result right here. And honestly, it's not that bad. The only downside is it's not 16x9 and it doesn't quite look like me. I am getting Sam Alman vibes from this image. I don't know why, but yeah, let's take a look at the comparison. What do you think? I don't really like how it doesn't look like me. So, let's give it another prompt. So, I gave it this prompt where I put in like all of these images of me and I asked it to redo the thumbnail and focus on the facial consistency. Now, the second option gave me this, but I've done some research on this and Chetip could actually put my face in there, but they're not doing it because they are getting like too many deep fakes or people are pretending to be other people. And yeah, they're doing this on purpose basically because I know they can do my face a lot better than they have just done it. But overall, this is a bit better than the previous result. Moving on, we got Vid IQ. And this is my favorite tool when it comes to doing SEO and YouTube research for my channel. It actually helped me getting this play button and you helped me as well. So, thank you so much for that. Now, with Vid IQ, you can also generate thumbnails. But is it any good? So, let's have a look. If you click here on create thumbnails, then you can see this isn't looking great yet. So, here in this prompt box over here, you can add in your reference. So, for example, let's add in my face. I have this image of myself right here. So, now we hit continue. Then you can add in another reference. This could be any other thumbnail that you have or you can upload a thumbnail. So, I got one right here, which is the Mr. Beast thumbnail. And then we hit continue. Now, you can also describe your thumbnail ID, but let's just first do it like this. And let's see what we get from that. So, it gave me these three results. And Vidicule, I love you, but just don't do thumbnails like this. This I don't know what this is like. Yeah, I don't know what to make of this. Like this this is this is awful. Like it it doesn't know how to use my image. It did use the reference which is pretty good, but just in terms of like adding my face in there, pretty awful. Let's try this one more time, but this time we're using the likeness feature where we have 10 to 20 clear images of me. Okay, so let me just add in a bunch of images of my face. And now let's try this again using the same reference here as this Mr. Beast reference that we had. And now let's try this out with a prompt as well. So now our likeness is created and now we hit create and let's see what it makes. So at least it didn't glitch my face but it does look nothing like me I would say. So yeah, Fit IQ. You need to step up your game. Moving on, we got a tool that's called Pixels and this is a dedicated AI thumbnail maker. So I've been trying this out and let's see what it makes with our thumbnail. Let me explain how pixels works. So you can start with prompt to thumbnail and then you type in your prompt or you can also recreate other people's thumbnail. So let's actually do that. I got this Mr. Beast video right here. So we want to recreate his video. Then we link the YouTube video right there. And then you can add in your persona. So in here you can train yourself with images of yourself. And now you can click on generate. And that gave us this result. And honestly this one looks insanely good. like my facial features are consistent. The thumbnail looks similar to the Mr. Beast Star thumbnail and overall there are no glitches going on at all. So now with this thumbnail, what you can even do is you can edit this thumbnail that you already have to improve it. So let's say for example, I'm looking a little bit too clean. I can make myself a bit more dirtier by just prompting it. So I can click on edit and then I can describe what I want to do. So, I'm going to say add realistic patches of wet dirt and smudge mud to his face and neck. The mud should look unevenly smeared with natural streaks from sweat and water, especially along his cheekbones, forehead, and jawline. Now, we click on generate and let's wait for the result. So, we got the exact same image, but I look a lot dirtier. Like, I look like I'm covered in mud. And honestly, this is quite sick already. But now, let's edit it again. And now, I can even do something like this. I can just select this skull because I want to customize it a little bit more so it doesn't look exactly like Mr. Beast. And then I can prompt it to be something completely different. So I want to turn this skull into a golden type skull. And I've added in my details. And now we hit generate. And this is the result. Okay. So this has been the best one so far, but let's see what the next one brings to us. Moving on, we got a tool that's called Thumbnail AI. And let's see what it makes. So the way this works is you add in your images. So, for this one, I'm going to add in the base image that I have of Mr. Beast. And I'm going to add in this other image that I have of myself. So, now we upload those. And these are selected. And for the title, I'm going to do lost. So, we're going to add in the text lost to our thumbnail. Then, for the prompt, I'm using the same prompt as I'm using in Chip T. For the style, I'm doing custom. And then, I'm doing two variations. And for the engine, I'm choosing both Nano Banana and Open AI. Lastly, I want to set the quality to high. And obviously, our thumbnail is going to be in landscape. Okay. So these are the results. So these ones are from OpenAI. Basically the same as Chetup T. Maybe they've tweaked a little bit of the settings, but still this doesn't quite look like me. The Nano Banana ones. Yeah, Nano Banana is a good model, but it just doesn't seem to work for thumbnails like the way this tool intended it. The last tool that I want to share with you is Canva. And Canva got this free AI thumbnail maker. Hopefully this is any good, but let's put it to the test. So, I got my prompt here, which is, I want you to create a hyperrealistic cinematic YouTube thumbnail of a young man waist deep in the murky green water holding a torch inside an overgrown stone temple room. Now, the thing is with this free thumbnail maker, I cannot do much. So, if I hit this button right here, then it will start making a one by one thumbnail and we just don't have much choice or much options to choose from. So they're using this magic media thing which generate the images and although I must say this doesn't look too bad. There's no way we can customize this. So it feels like this isn't really the way to go if you want to make good thumbnails. Now that we understand how to make each and every thumbnail in each tool I've made thumbnail inside of Chetikt in Vid IQ in pixels thumbnail AI and also Canva. Now in my opinion pixels came out best in this test. The consistency is quite good. My face actually looks like me. The text, there's no glitching in there. And as a close second, I would say we have chachip tea, but it just cannot do the facial consistency. Now, for thumbnail AI, it disappointed me. And for Canva, I actually tried doing a different method. So, instead of using their thumbnail tool, which is absolutely I've gone ahead and I've tried this template. So, out of this template, I made this. This is the best I could do with trying to replicate or I imagi thing from a template without putting too much effort into it because otherwise I'm just literally making something from scratch. All in all, in this test, Pixels is the winner. And lastly, I got this komar styled thumbnail that is made by Magnets Media. It's a very popular channel and this is a completely different style. So, let's put this to the test and let's do the same for Chetchup, Fidq, Pixels, Tino AI, and also Canva. Now, with pixels, it was super easy to do. All I did, I was just adding in this prompt, and then I added in these styles. So, that's a new thing you can do with pixels. You can add in your persona. So, I made the persona of Conor McGregor right here, which is basically training an AI with different images that you have of that person. And then I added in the style. So, I pre-made a Magnus media style by training this. Let me just show you how this work. You train this based on a YouTube channel. So, I just added in the URL of Magnets Media and then it gave me this style and now I have his style of thumbnails. So, with the persona, the style, and a prompt, you can generate some sick thumbnails using pixels. And no, I'm not sponsored to mention any of these tools. All in all, by looking at all of these different generations, please let me know in the comments down below which one is your favorite. Now, the important thing is how much is this actually priced? And for reference, I pay a standard thumbnail designer between $30 to $50 per thumbnail and some YouTubers pay even more than that. So with Chachi T, you likely already have a subscription and it is $20 a month. For Vid IQ, it is about $19, which is about like $22 a month or $20 a month. And if you go with a yearly plan, it's a little bit cheaper. But honestly, if you're using FidQ, just buy it for YouTube and not for the thumbnails. Regarding pixels, I do have an affiliate link with this which helps support the channel. I believe you can get it at a 50% discount if you buy it through my link. So, I will leave the link to that in the description down below. Honestly, the $20 plan, I don't know why they have added it in there because it's just not worth it. The $20 a month is $1 per thumbnail, which is quite expensive. But this one, $40 a month, you get 150 thumbnails. And you might want to regenerate a couple of times. So, I would suggest if you're a big user, use the premium one or the ultimate plan, which gives you access to all the features that you need. For thumbnail AI, you can choose between the $19 a month thumbnail, which gets you around 100 per month, or the $49 per month thumbnail, which will get you 300 thumbnails, or if you're crazy, $250 a month. Honestly, it is cheaper than pixels, but I don't think it will get you the results that you want. Lastly, Canva. Just use this if you're good at designing, but don't use this if you want to use this for AI. In terms of pricing for Canva, you can get it for about like $15 a month, I believe. If we convert this, that is pretty good. But you're not going to get the AI with this. If you want to use an AI thumbnail generator, then you're not going to get Canva. Now, if you want to learn more in depth how to make good thumbnails using pixels, then click the video that's on the screen right now and there I'll walk you through everything that you need to know in order how you can make the best looking thumbnails possible.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neerajsparks [23 likes]: Are you ai 😂
  2. @IronBatEditor [21 likes]: Pikzels Is My Favourite.
  3. @nameerali3197 [8 likes]: I want to thank you for every video you created on AI till now, it helped a lot more than i expected ❤❤
  4. @Alex_Tales-Of-Ancient-Egypt [3 likes]: holy cow, some of those thumbnails were hilariously bad .... so bad, in fact they may even be good (!)
  5. @CursedNightOwl [1 likes]: Hi, will you share that promt at 1:20?
  6. @grantchatter [1 likes]: You're so right about vidIQ and Canva. Excellent tools in many ways, except where you pointed out.
  7. @KbuildMedia [1 likes]: What about higgsfield?
  8. @simplyaitutorials [1 likes]: Really helpful content Dan! Your Pizkels video didn't appear though? I'll go take a look :)
  9. @saranantohora3121 [1 likes]: Good video Thanks
  10. @AfricanTortoiseTales: Pikzel is my fav
  11. @VP4M: Good review. Thanks. Did you try ThumbMagic? I would love to see how that stacks up.
  12. @rawdieselgaming: thank you so much bro,,you really helped me with this video.
  13. @max_des1gner: THANK YOU🫡
  14. @LebannaAcademy: Quite insightful, thanks. 
What thumbnail app would you recommend I use for educational videos? 
Like Study tips and assignment assistances?
  15. @MR.Rscue1: thanks
  16. @vyqh: Great Video, all my channel videos thumbnails are made using Canva. It’s interesting to see these AI thumbnail generators.
  17. @nikkniik9632: Can I learn AI but the question is I am not digital guy . But I have interest in AI image generating video generating voice generating etc . Plus I want to learn as  i want to earn money after learning it through social media like insta , youtube , facebook etc. So please tell me is it possible to learn to achieve pro level with that said I have no any money to spend over it. By the way i am learning little bit of it from youtube channel like yours.
So is it  possible to learn . 
One more thing I have no any setup of system like Pc laptop etc only mobile.😮😮

- How to Make The Best Thumbnails Using Canva: Kind: captions Language: en I can't believe I'm about to do this but here we are in the next few minutes I'm going to break down how to make my next level thumbnails using canva this is going to be beginner friendly and zero design skills required do not underestimate this method this will put you in the top 1% of thumbnail creators we're talking about thumbnails that hook people's narrow reward system Pathways and don't let them scroll away without clicking all right so I'm going to do this real time without a lot of editing so you get a good understanding on how to do this so we're going to start by searching up canva going to create a design and then YouTube thumbnail so you're going to select the background come up to this little circle and then you're going to edit it and go to gradient the style we're going to choose is going to be the circular gradient so we're going to select the first color we'll go Blue theme I think we might change a few things as we go but we'll start with a blue and then we'll go lighter blue so we got our foundation so my top two are chat bt4 and this one but I find when creating characters uh this is a lot more consistent and then as you can see up here for the free version you get 50 credits a day and each one takes five so my favorite prompt to use is a Pixar themed image just to I usually do around three and then pick the best one I'm just going to quickly look through these all yeah these don't look like him he's a bit fat in this one this one's not bad we'll go with this one so we just press download this next website we're going to go to is a Hidden Gem I found and it's freaking amazing all right it's called text studio so basically if if you go to effects it's going to give you all these colorful 3D fonts so I found this yellow one that I like I'm going to select it and then you can type in whatever you want in Styles and all this you can actually change the color so I'm going to change it to a blue so I have a few blue colors I like and I'm going to turn the pattern opacity down cuz I don't love that and I'm going to click download now you do have to pay it's like $5 a year if you want to get the max resolution and actually have um the rights to use it so then I select Max and then PNG transparent and I'm going to download that as well so once you've dragged your images into CA they will come up into your uploads we can click the Trump image and will appear we're going to hit edit image and then background remover and we'll just automatically take up the background for us we can resize him a bit here another thing I like to do is hit adjust turn up brightness contrast Vibrance sometimes the sharpness and then saturation a little bit don't overdo it with any of these which I did I overdid it so now we have something that looks like this now we're going to bring in our text from our uploads click on it we're going to resize this text we're going to slide it up and then we're going to hit position and slide it behind Trump sometimes we can just bring them down a little bit for this short example I'm not going to get everything perfect but when I'm actually doing this I take like maybe an hour or two just to play around with different colors a good way to do that is to hit duplicate page and then you can play around and then compare pick which one you like and then delete the one you don't like so for this one what I might do next is go to the canva elements search for ice cream sometimes it helps to do 3D there we go place it kind about right there position drag that behind Trump I like to take the items from the back press edit image hit blur whole image and then it'll drag up the intensity a little bit and we'll blur the background images look for one more ice cream this one has lots of colors we'll go like this position drag it behind and blur it now like I said I like to experiment so I'll go duplicate page select the background maybe I'll try more of a reddish pink you get the idea right like I did this in what 5 minutes it's not going to look perfect like I said I do spend usually about an hour getting the right AI image the right colors the right text but this gives you a good idea a good structure a good foundation to build whatever thumbnail you want to build please drop a like and a comment motivates me to make more videos like this side

  Top Comments:
  1. @zoroxplay07: thanks for this bro
  2. @BarbaraStylzNMore: Thanks for sharing
  3. @ryandavis5120: Textstudio is 50$ a year not 5.
  4. @dimaexner9612: Thank you for the step Step tutorial
  5. @dimaexner9612: I love your videos there the best
  6. @AndréOnATrip: Thanx for this video! I really helped me!
  7. @Tanchao_268: Bro just casually glazed over the 5usd annual fee to use their font commercially smh
  8. @benjisyt: Thats a fantastic start point! Makes it alot easier to understand ! Ive just been button mashing until stuff looked ok. But this way ive got more of a structure/method to the process !! Exactly what i needed!!! Thank you!
  9. @fitnesszone3265: thanks so much
  10. @squibbs5828: 11K likes just because they saw Trump...
  11. @LightInMyDarkness: I want to have good thumbnail because I have 0 views in my first ever upload video and I want to improve in my next video
  12. @PudlarBarjaktarevic: nice
  13. @nophilterde: Awesome Video. Thanks m8
  14. @socialbloggg: 0:48 got me confused, am i the only one?
  15. @cyrex8484: This video is so amazing I like it to comeback
  16. @RobStone: Fantastic! Thankyou very very much
  17. @ZaeeeDGANG: Really helpful bro
  18. @RetroGraveZero: Love the tuts dude, it really helps a lot in my channel.. keep rockin!
  19. @Lordzy.: Thank you very much
  20. @mamadghate: was good for me

- Are MrBeast’s Clickbait Thumbnails Ruining YouTube?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @engineeryt1868 [10 likes]: Yeah. its almost like someone here made a video about mr beast deleting his channel
  2. @jimmtl9736 [5 likes]: I just find it annoying when some titles are like "I ate the world largest slice of pizza" but they were 6 guys eating it, I don't understand why he would title it that way
  3. @ZiggysDisasters [3 likes]: i dont care about clickbait i just like the videos he makes
  4. @reelwashere [3 likes]: Bro, he's the only reason why I watch youtube lol. Can you guys find another person to cancel, please? He literally crashes a plane and you guys still say it's a clickbait. He's the quality of youtube.
  5. @Thewolfguys.cartoons2000 [2 likes]: I knew his videos were clickbaits because of misleading thumbnails that didn't really happen, I even saw his video about being stuck in prison for 24 hours and the thumbnail was him being lonely in prison until in the video, it's just a fun place version of it. the fact that I don't watch clickbait videos and I subbed him for about 4 years is disappointing. thank god I grew up on classic youtube were there is no clickbaits or fortnite videos, just ytps and plush videos 🙁🙄
  6. @joksi81 [1 likes]: yeah i actualy thinked that his plane creashed but it didnt
  7. @PolishCowOfficial [1 likes]: As much as I like his videos I think he should make thumbnails that don't clickbait, seriously, he has 100M subs. Even with what I said I still respect MrBeast alot.
  8. @Bucket- [1 likes]: If This Video Doesn't Get 1k Views, I'll Be In Shock.
  9. @nervousbabbs2769: THE POT CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK YOU HOE!
  10. @baggyyt8960: nice

- MrBeast Thumbnails be like: Kind: captions Language: en hi there Mr Beast what do what I've heard that you spent ten thousand dollars per thumb deal that is true I have a perfect solution to your problem I treat it an artificial intelligence tool that will generate a thumbnail for you all you have to do is to input the video tunnel this hair to occur so easily 68 million dollars all right we'll have to try it first this is this is perfect you've got a deal okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mematus [55 likes]: Bape kid has a genius mind, AI is getting more and more powerful. Reminds me of that video where MrBeast put 5 kids in front of a Pitbull and who would live last would win 4 million dollars 😊😊
  2. @yesman9980 [31 likes]: MrBeast thumbnails are uncanny valley 🤖
  3. @KenzenTomi [12 likes]: Dream Plushies be like
https://youtu.be/2lk7N9WisHg
  4. @JesusLovesYouSoMuch47 [8 likes]: Who knew Carl Wheezer kid was an insane marketer.
  5. @GrandTheftHoser [8 likes]: Mr beast thumbnails are so weird
  6. @golfinger7530 [8 likes]: Salami
  7. @smashthesubscribebutton [4 likes]: At least I hope Bape Kid liked the ending result. I can see if MrBeast was happy with this solution, or if the AI tool just was lying about it. This must be today’s society. I hope MrBeast isn’t a fool…
  8. @stevejohnbrandareslocsin117 [2 likes]: Kid sounds like carl weezer.
  9. @Bob00265 [1 likes]: "Giving  away 10,000 Permanent N-Word pass to racist people"

insert mrbeast thumbnail
  10. @GRS12345 [1 likes]: HHHAHAHAHHAHAHA
  11. @batman_2004: Wtf this predicted the future.
  12. @20thCenturyLoganProductions: What happens next?
  13. @LM3grow: Wow 😅😂

- From Pews to Pixels: The Incredible Evolution of MrBeast's Thumbnail Studio!: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started there were there there's just no warehouses or studios in Greenville North Carolina so uh there are a lot of churches though we're in the Bible Belt so I bought a church and then we converted it by just like um you know basically taking all the pews out just converted it into a studio and so that's where we started filming but the problem is you know it's not that big So eventually we had to move as our videos got bigger over to a new studio we built and so we just converted this into the thumbnail place and so this is one of like our four thumbnail rooms yeah it's insane I've been time with a thumbnail team and I know when you called me you have some exciting news to share which we'll get into in a bit here but I have to ask a few more questions cuz when I was here and they're doing thumbnail shoots everything was so precise and like I have like this visual which is 40 variations of thumbnails are you going to throw it up on the screen of course man yeah well I one time me and Colin Samir did this and they didn't throw it up on the screen like what is he looking at I already got my team we have this as previs so our editors are already putting it up but yeah call get one up kidding um but uh yeah tell me tell me a little bit about how you shoot thumbnails here because I heard that you come in here for about an hour a month and you get a Year's worth of thumbnails so if it's like me laying in sand here we might potentially lay a bunch of sand on the ground and then put a up High camera and film me just laying in the sand um if if I had to like actually go to the place to shoot them all I'd be shooting thumbnails like 5 hours every single day

- MrBeast Logo Evolution! (2012 - 2100) thumbnail #best #mrbeast #trending: Kind: captions Language: en I created Mr Beast Evolution from 1998 to 2050 hope you guys enjoy be 6,000 oh Mr B oh Mr b6000 yeah you know his name he changed it once or twice but I think it's here to stay his thumbnails were they made in paint but if you ask me I think they're kind of quaint Mr B 6,000 Mr b6000 oh it's random videos are the name of the game some might say there is ticket to fame the occasional intro may not make sense but we all get a laugh at their expense Mr B oh Mr have you guys liked the video and subscribed to the channel yet M [Music] M see 6000 Mr B thanks for watching subscribe the channel and check description for more details

- I Remade MrBeast’s THUMBNAILS in Photoshop!: Kind: captions Language: en Mr Beast we all know the guy and I bet you've seen a thumbnail for some time I just needed to click today we're gonna uncover the secrets of how he makes his thumbnails by recreating his thumbnails using my own face of course so let's get into it [Music] quick side note first I made a brand new channel if you're into Lego or Lego reviews it'd mean a lot to me if you could check it out because I really try to make these videos special and entertaining and just professional so it's fun to watch for as many people as possible it's a bit of a passion project really so um check it out down below for now his latest thumbnail at least at the time of recording is his one dollar versus five hundred thousand dollar plane ticket video so let's see what we're gonna need to get started obviously a plane interior a nice blue sky image a seat a spoon a little table more Cutlery a silver plates the ice cream bowl kind of thing with ice cream in it and well a photo of my own face this serving plate from enavado elements I bet you is exactly what they use as well because look you can't tell me that this is a coincidence the shape and lighting matches exactly it is pretty clear that everything is fake in his thumbnails which makes for a pretty nice cartoony effect that's what we're gonna recreate but first let's take a photo of me to use I took one photo for my face and then a second one one for my hand so now let's get cooking ladies and gentlemen here we are in Photoshop let's first begin with I guess me my face and stuff so let's drag let's drag my face and I really hate my face when I look like this let's just drag that right on top here make sure it aligns kind of and of course we have the suit let's flip that and put it right under my face obviously I'm a bit skinnier and my neck is a bit longer so it's not gonna align perfectly but who cares this one's gonna be more about the overall Vibe and that's what we need to match this isn't too bad right his suit is pretty much full black I think so let's make it completely gray and add some Darkness to it there you go I now see that I should have shaven before taking this photo oh well if we move this over we can tell his skin color is a little bit more reddish and I bet they really thought about that because red of course pops a little bit more here you go that's a bit better he's also a little bit brighter it seems something like this and to really get that cartoony effect let's paint some highlights on my nose here this is the stuff that makes them look like a Mr Beast thumbnail and also his mouth is very red so let's actually try and do that as well just increasing that color a little bit I hope this doesn't make it look like I have lipstick armor it probably will like that it's not too bad all of this enhances that cartoony effects because of course these colors are not realistic at all his teeth are also super super bright and white so let's let's try and do that as well here you go that is lovely you know what I just noticed we both have two little white dots well he has two or three hyper attention to detail that's totally not by accident then let's put in this table make it a little bit bigger and something like this obviously none of these are the exact same but as I said earlier this is about the vibe and the style let's match the perspective this is of course golden so let's make it that color here you go I feel like this is going to be easier than I thought kind of make that reflection on here beautiful then the plate this is still wild to me like this this has to be the exact same thing look at this the reason I know for sure it's the same thing look at the lighting here it's identical you can't recreate this exact thing with different lighting it's impossible the ball of course is very different but I couldn't find anything that looks like that but this is fine we can make it work and we kind of have to make the reflection on here with um some yellow and some gold tones well it's not identical but it's close enough I think then let's put in the actual ice cream it's gonna look a little bit different again but who cares tiny Shadow to make it look like it's really inside the ball and then the literal cherry on top a cherry on top going to put them inside the ice like this then we'll grab some chocolate sauce and put it on there I suppose this is starting to look quite lovely though isn't it time for the hand there it is this has to become white around which we're gonna make the sleeve kind of thing let's just do something like this then let us align the spoon with the original spoon kind of to see if that matches our image yeah kind of enough I guess let's add some correct shadowing on that and then we should be pretty much golden with the foreground this is not true we forgot the cutlery there you go let's make sure the perspective matches like this let's try making the red Parts white again there you go beautiful I'm using this one for the seat in the back let's kind of match the positioning this is weirdly similar as well let's go and match the coloring again pretty if at this point this part in the middle has to be golden again the only sad thing is that this is basically entirely covered by my face so maybe we can try and extend it a little bit like this there you go that shouldn't look too bad I think and let's add a little bit of a shadow behind me so it looks like I'm truly sitting against this seat guys so far I don't think we're doing that bad at all look at this it's pretty good right now for the background I will overlay some windows let's see first the one on the right seems a nice place to start I will cut that out like so for the rest of the plane I have some images but I'm not sure if these are quite perfect let's try putting that sofa here just like the original image has then on the ground we can try putting this same kind of Blocky stripy texture thing just like that beautiful and now with all these images we just have to kind of make this look similar to each other giving it of course that golden look once again just adding some shininess to that there you go a bunch of Shadows behind the sofa and just all over the place this I think is not all that bad then let's add the final thing that being the background the sky let's do something like this I guess make it a little bit faded a little bit brighter so it's nice and bright blue a little bit of a reflection in there as well and then I'm pretty sure we should be right about there his does have these little twinkly thingies so let's go and add those as well I have one right here just put that on there I guess it's pretty much instantly it final little thing in his you can see in the background it's a bit blurred so let's try and do that here as well just like this see that's a nice blurry effect and now to make this really pop and intense we are going to add a camera raw filter this will make it crisp this is the magic of thumbnails basically you want to increase Clarity a lot you want to increase texture a little bit here you go that is starting to look pretty sweet and in color mixer here we can make the Reds and the intense colors even more intense here you go this is looking quite nice honestly I think that should pretty much be it the second one is a little bit more complicated because of all the ice stuff but I'm sure we can do it we'll need some Antarctica photos some nice snow for the foreground some icicles foreground snow whatever kind of font that is and another photo of me let's go first I put in the image I shot and tried aligning it with the original it is still quite different though so of course it's never going to be the exact same kind of look I added the snowy foreground and soon after I began putting in the different elements like water some more sea ice that sort of stuff I erased the bottom area of my arm to really put it in the snow for later but now first let's blend the background images together a little bit more I tried matching the colors as best I can obviously his is very vibrant the blue pops a lot getting the skin tone right didn't go really well and even at the end it's still not really the same but it was far more important is the red color of the coat I painted it red and tweaked the lightness and intensity to get the best result just like in the original there is a lot of snow and iciness on him so I started adding that as well using some overlays I spread it all over the place and then for icicles it's pretty much putting them in there foreign that as well and now we can see what this looks like with a fresh camera raw filter at the end I put in the text day two and well that is pretty much it ladies and gentlemen what have we learned today we've learned colors have to pop they have to be super super duper bright everything is fake like absolutely everything an expressive face is a must whether that be happy or sad or scared and honestly keep it simple no just show what you need to and nothing more because sometimes pretty much always when it comes to thumbnails less is more if you liked this video make sure to leave a like subscribe hit the Bell not to miss a single video in the night help I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @AshanKottegoda [1 likes]: Thank you brother ❤❤
  2. @Nahibrushs: mentor
  3. @LionRoars-v4s: You don't even need to add a camera rot filter to the thumbnail recreation 😂
  4. @LionRoars-v4s: I think mrbeast used ai for the bowl
  5. @KnoxTechZone: Try to make same video by mobile
  6. @lazeronshizo: как же этот бро хорошо делает.. хочу так же владеть фотошопом
  7. @VYZRA-h2u: you can do more
  8. @Visualzwithvipul: superb sir
  9. @M-xq6yk: Name the font in second thumbnail
  10. @dcp399tikod: Bro you are 🔥🔥🔥
  11. @HEALTHY.BY.SAMEER: Bro your the king of thumnail 🙏😭 love from India 🎉🎉
  12. @Ahmedchannel-ln5vc: you are amazing benny
  13. @ኣስሚረይጻዕዳ: Bro i from Ethiopia you are king of thumbline pls we want more tetorile of thumbline
  14. @YBYonko: I wish if you could show us the shadow and lighting more detailed
  15. @qo4qi: 😍😍😍😍
  16. @ShoxruxjonSharofiddinov-n3e: If MrBeast sees this picture, he’ll definitely add you to his team. Good luck with your creativity!
  17. @DesAhmi: how do you find the assets with the same perspective.....HOWWW???
  18. @ShzyMC: Bro Psd
  19. @plostistry_001: Why did I find it better than mr beast's thumbnail
  20. @Ringside_Ledger: Amazing skill❤❤

- I Remade MrBeast’s Thumbnail in Photoshop!: Kind: captions Language: en The YouTube thumbnail paradox is real. You need great thumbnails to grow your channel, but you cannot afford a designer until your channel grows. So, you end up stuck using Photoshop, even if you're not an expert, or Canva templates that clearly look like you just started a YouTube channel. Meanwhile, big creators keep pulling in millions of views with thumbnails that honestly make yours look weak in comparison. But it does not have to be that way. I found an easy method to create thumbnails that genuinely feels like cheating. Stay with me in this video and I will show you how to create this exact thumbnail using Nano Banana and a small amount of Photoshop. Without any further delay, let us get started. Okay, so for every thumbnail design, we need to start by looking for inspiration. For real life thumbnails, there's honestly nothing better than Mr. Beast thumbnails. They are literally the best. Of course, this is also a matter of personal preference. Another creator I like is Mr. Who's the Boss, who also makes very eye-catching thumbnails. The key is to know the style you want to aim for. Another method I like is searching on Pinterest. There's a lot of thumbnail inspiration there, and if you find a good idea, Pinterest will keep suggesting similar ones. This makes it really practical for brainstorming and exploring different concepts for the same idea. For this tutorial, I want to make a Mr. Beast style thumbnail. So, I'll start by looking at one of his thumbnails to see which one I'm going to recreate. I found this one that looks really good. I'll download it using an extension that lets you download any YouTube thumbnail directly. Just search for YouTube thumbnail downloader extension and you'll find several options. I find them super practical. Another option is to use a website to download thumbnails. It's very easy to use with no ads. Just copy and paste the video link and you'll get the full resolution thumbnail. [music] Next, we'll use chat GPT to generate a prompt for creating a thumbnail similar to the one we have. Even though Gemini is said to perform better on AI language model benchmarks, I find that chat GPT still does a better job at visualizing thumbnail elements. If you're like me and often run out of credits or don't have ChatGpt Plus, you can simply open an incognito tab in your browser and search for ChatGpt. [music] This way, you can use it unlimited times and even upload images. Once you upload the thumbnail, I'll ask it to describe the image in detail to create a new thumbnail. ChatGpt will analyze the image and give me a full prompt. [music] Don't close the tab though because we'll need it again later. After that, I'll go to a website called Felo, which is a great place for people looking for Nano Banana Pro or the standard Nano Banana model. You just need to create an account. You can use Google or Apple, but for this video, I'll use a temporary email to show you how it works. Just log in with the verification code, and like that, you'll have 500 tokens in your account. The next step is finding an image for the person in my thumbnail. I thought, why not use an image of Logan Paul? When choosing images for AI, you want to make sure it's high quality, not something dark with little facial detail. Instead, aim for an image with a white background and clear face details. This will be very important, and you'll see why later. Now, let's go back to the FO website, upload our image, and paste the prompt from chat GPT like this. I also suggest manually adjusting the aspect ratio and resolution because AI often gets these wrong. Once that's done, the generation will start, and your image will be ready in just a few minutes. As you can see, the result looks really good. It's honestly astonishing. Just look at the details and how it managed to capture the same concept as the original thumbnail. The great thing about this website is that you can instruct it to make changes like altering hair color or facial expressions. But we're not done yet. This thumbnail still needs some improvement. You can't just upload it to YouTube as is cuz viewers can usually tell what's AI generated and what's not. Most people are more likely to click on a thumbnail that shows effort, not just an AI generated image. So, I'll open Photoshop and start refining our image. As you can see, the image isn't centered properly and needs some adjustments. I suggest using the rule of thirds grid like this. It helps make your composition look more professional. The goal of the rule of thirds is to create a more engaging, balanced, and visually interesting composition. Once that's done, you'll notice the image isn't as sharp as it should be. I'll put it in pixel cut for a quick upscale to improve the details. After that, I'll go to a Chinese website I often use, upload the image, and wait for the background to be removed. Once that's done, I'll start by adding a camera raw filter to the body to make it pop. The next step is face retouching. I've made a full tutorial on that and it's really fun to learn. So, I highly recommend watching that video and practicing after this one. For now, I'll edit the face and then get back to you. [music] >> [music] >> After we have the face ready, a good idea is to add text just like Mr. Beast does in his thumbnails. I'll use the font he typically uses in his videos. For those who aren't following me on Twitter, I recently did a giveaway there sharing all the fonts I use in my thumbnails. If you're not following me, be sure to do so cuz I share a lot of valuable assets for thumbnail designers and creators. I'll write day one, change the font, and play around with the layer styles until it looks good. Similar to Mr. Beast, but still eye-catching. We're almost done with this design, and honestly, this thumbnail is going to get the clicks. But clicks mean nothing if you don't have actual video content behind them, and sometimes you just don't have time to film or even come up with a full script. That's where a tool I've been using called Clipwise comes in. It's not just an editor. It's basically a smart video creator that builds your entire video from a simple idea. You just type whatever you want, a history, fact, a scary story, a product ad, whatever, and Clipwise generates the visuals, the script, and the voiceover automatically. You can even paste a web link and it turns the article into a clean, engaging video in seconds. Inside Clipwise, there are over 100 plus pre-built video agents for trending YouTube niches like horror stories, kids stories, product ads, cat videos, all pre-tuned for viral format, so you don't have to guess what works. Once your video is generated, you can edit literally everything through chat. Just type shorten scene 3 or swap this visual or make the hook stronger and clip wise updates the entire video for you. And if you want more control, it still gives you advanced editing features for animations, image to video converter, voiceovers, overlays, background music, etc. All inside the same interface, so you don't have to juggle between multiple apps to generate a video. It's also powered by extremely powerful AI tools like Nano Banana, Sora 2, Veo3, so the output looks studio level without studio effort. To show you what I mean, here's a finished video I generated using Clipwise. If you want to grow your channel, create videos faster, or build a content funnel without picking up a camera, this is one of the easiest ways to do it. [music] The pricing is also very reasonable compared to other competitors, and they're running a Christmas sale that gives you 60% off all plans. Let Clipwise take care of the video creation and let this [music] thumbnail take care of the click. There's a link in the description if you want to start creating with AI right now. [music] Now, let's finish this design. Another technique I like for real life thumbnails is using a soft brush with low flow to sample and paint glows across the thumbnail. It adds a lot of visual impact and makes the image more engaging. I highly recommend doing this. And at the end, be sure to change the blending mode to linear dodge ad, otherwise it won't look right. After looking at the thumbnail for a while, I decided it would be better to flip it and remove the text. This helps make it look closer to the exact Mr. Beast style. Another technique I like to add is dodging and burning the image. I do this by creating a curves layer, darkening it, and painting over the shadow areas, then creating another curves layer to add highlights. This step is crucial. [music] It makes the thumbnail look much more realistic, contrasty, and eye-catching. Now that everything is done, let's add a camera raw filter, boost the colors, enhance the lights, and blend everything together. And just like that, our thumbnail is ready. It looks really good, eye-catching, and mostly realistic. It's crazy how fast the industry is changing. Thumbnails like these used to take days or even weeks to [music] make, and now you can create them in seconds. By the way, this isn't sponsored, but I recently saw that my friend Joseph Blaze has a newsletter called Underlayered. Each issue features a different thumbnail designer who shares their full design process. It's a great way to learn more about how thumbnails are made and discover a lot of talented designers. I'll be featured there soon, so I highly recommend checking it out. And that's it for today's video. I hope you learned something useful. Don't forget to check the Clipwise link in the description and stay tuned for the next video. We'll be starting a new series that's going to be the best in thumbnail design history. Be sure to subscribe and I'll see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ayushdesigns23 [15 likes]: Crazy! Pls make a video about how to get clients😅
  2. @GINsama18 [4 likes]: Basically its just how to make chatgpt make you a thumbnail you did nothing!!
  3. @BadisDesigns [3 likes]: Create videos faster with AI 🚀Try Clipwise 👉 https://www.clipwise.ai/
  4. @bunny-z5r7p [1 likes]: 0:49 mrshoosetheboos make thumbnail? Nope Joseph blaze does❤
  5. @mikeeditae [1 likes]: You are genius. Thank you🙏🙏🙏
  6. @thatintrovertguy21: first person who actually cares about his subscribers
  7. @CHRISTINEADHIAMBO-w9n: Thanks alot
  8. @Shohagtech22: Thanks Brother
  9. @iooo-y8v: bro u just saved my time thank you!!!
  10. @FootballCrush7: Back in 2021-2023, I was fed up with these "MrBeast style" thumbnails. But now I realize how cool those actually were, given that almost all of them used to be manual work. Now these "AI" made thumbnails make me sick to my stomach. Yeah, they look good, but the reason those thumbnails got popular in the first place was because of their cartoony/unrealistic look. I think thumbnail designers and creators have forgotten that.
  11. @PremiumThumbnailDesign: Thanks for sharing this
  12. @lily-u4o4v: pls make tutorial on how to make thumbnail like trikstr
  13. @fixthumbnail: Nice How to get client please make videos
  14. @MuhamamdShair: How to get client

- $56,932💸Making YouTube Thumbnails for @MrBeast: Kind: captions Language: en getting hired by Mr Beast to make thumbnails for his 128 million subscriber channel would be a life-changing experience for any graphic designer it's a great opportunity that comes with a lot of perks for starters it'd be pretty sweet to add to your resume and if it works out well it can really establish your name in the industry a lot of people who work for Mr Beast both in front and away from the camera now have successful careers and substantial followings on social media but of course getting your foot in the door won't be easy there's a lot of competition out there and you need to make yourself stand out from the rest it takes time effort and dedication to your craft so in this video you'll learn the best way you can get hired to make thumbnails for Mr Beast first let's talk about what skills you need have as a thumbnail designer qualifications you'll need for the job as a thumbnail designer for Mr Beast your job will revolve evolve around developing Concepts and compositing and designing out those Concepts that means that first and foremost you need to be an expert in Photoshop and be intimately familiar with the YouTube space Photoshop will be the primary tool you'll be using to create and design YouTube video thumbnails so you really need to know the software inside and out and given that you will be designing for YouTube it's important to be willing to listen and learn until you have a clear idea on what works and what doesn't to do this you'll need to keep yourself updated on the latest trends figure out what makes them go viral and incorporate these techniques in your own work and that won't be easy for Mr Beast himself it took watching thousands upon thousands of viral videos regularly to develop a pulse on what works and even then the industry keeps growing and changing so what works today may not work tomorrow you should also keep in mind that create of teams of big YouTubers like mixed or beast are constantly growing and evolving so you need to be able to collaborate with a lot of different people with different needs and different personalities that's why it's important for Mr Beast that his employees be obsessed with YouTube and most importantly be easily coachable in fact a recent Mr Beast interview with Lex Friedman he stresses just how important coachability is for the job and that's just the beginning aside from these three things there are quite a few other skills you'll need to have in order to be a great fit for the most coveted position of Mr B's thumbnail designer according to this job posting for a thumbnail designer Mr BEAST's YouTube channels qualified applicants should have advanced skills and photo manipulation a great understanding of visual design principles and elements and a working knowledge of graphic visual Trends and thumbnail design and if you want to beat the competition you'll also need some 3D experience and an ability ability to create hand-drawn Concepts meanwhile if you want to work specifically for Mr BEAST's gaming channel it gets even trickier you'll also need to know the ins and outs of blender 3D have a strong understanding of image processing and digital art and of course be an avid gamer since you'll be creating thumbnails for games like Minecraft and GTA now even if you possess all these skills and manage to get a job offer from Mr Beast there's still one thing left to do and it's kind of a big sacrifice moving to Greenville North Carolina Mr BEAST's employees have to move to Greenville North Carolina it's a bustling city with a diverse art music and food scene it's also home to a great State University and a Premier Medical Center plus the cost of living is reasonable so all things considered moving to Greenville doesn't sound too bad but still leaving your home friends and family is going to be hard it's a big commitment plus with all these changes if you think you're going to be able to work multiple side gigs while designing thumbnails for Mr Beast you might have to rethink your application now it's not to say that it won't be possible to work non-exclusively for Mr Beast as we'll see later but it definitely won't be easy Mr Beast knows all that so in an effort to help make it easier for you aside from the decent salary and benefits the job comes with relocation expenses including travel and Company provided housing for three months if you're still not sure whether this is all worth it let's talk about what you can expect in terms of salary and benefits if you get hired to make thumbnails for Mr Beast please make sure to share this video And subscribe to our channel for more average salary and benefits not the job postings on Mr BEAST's website and Linkedin doesn't say anything by way of salary expectations but from Glassdoor reviews it seems Mr Beast pays his employees fairly to give you a better idea the average yearly salary for thumbnail designers ranges from 42 000 898 dollars to 56 932 considering that the average rent for a studio apartment in Greenville North Carolina in 2023 is between 885 dollars to 970 this salary range is more than livable on top of that the job comes with some pretty hefty benefits including a generous medical dental vision and life insurance a company Health Savings Account a 401k plan and some other sweet stuff of course perhaps the best perk that comes with working for someone like Mr Beast is the Boost in your resume that can really Propel your career into the future but exposure and bragging rights don't pay the bills a good salary package does with Mr Beast however it appears you can get both let me tell you the story of David stack a video editor who worked for Mr Beast and makes six figures working with big name clients the story of David stack David stack one of Mr BEAST's former video editor started getting into editing YouTube videos when he was only 13 years old he learned about YouTube editing by reading and watching videos for a more experienced editors or video makers online including Hayden Hiller Smith and mosaed who edited for big YouTubers like Logan Paul and KSI respectively David would also watch online art and creativity courses from universities like Harvard where Disney Pixar editors would often lecture through the years he spent more and more time editing and honing his skills to the point that he quit college after just one year to pursue his passion full time because he was already making good money over the next few years David meticulously built his portfolio he was always on the lookout for better clients so he could get as much experience as possible and raises prices accordingly in fact he usually worked with clients for two months before moving on in his mind there's always something new to learn and the more clients you work with the more where you'll be exposed to different things in November of 2020 David stack set his sights on Mr Beast he may have just been 22 years old at the time but that didn't matter he had the skills to back himself so he sent a Twitter DM to Mr BEAST's lead editor introducing himself and asking if there's anything he could help with along with a link to his portfolio took a month for the editor to reply but they eventually gave David A Chance by asking him to help edit one of Mr BEAST's Christmas videos called I put one million Christmas lights on a house the editor loved his work and David ended up working for Mr Beast not exclusively for a year since then David has said that working for Mr Beast was a great experience and I learned a lot it was more work than what I was used to we did several revisions on the edits every time in an interview with Insider he admitted that it was intense and took a lot of work including sorting through dozens of hours of footage and going through multiple revisions some other previous employees of Mr Beast have also said that it takes a while to get it right and you should probably expect work 60 to 80 hours a week but David also said that it pays a lot better than any other editing job David didn't say how much exactly but he mentioned charging one thousand to three thousand dollars per video and in June of 2022 he reportedly made twenty nine thousand seven hundred ninety five dollars for that month nowadays David stack is back to freelancing working with big clients from YouTube he says he prefers this setup as it allows him more freedom to do what he wants and choose who he works for you could do it too the beauty of this is David didn't have any formal education on editing videos before pursuing his career you just need to open Photoshop and start messing around with it and the more YouTube videos you watch the more you'll learn what works Mr Beast wants employees to be coachable and able to apply his suggestions using their Photoshop skills a good way to practice is to recreate successful YouTube thumbnails from scratch so you can Master the editing techniques required subscribe to this channel if you want to follow along as we break down thumbnails and recreate them too like what David stack said success is just a matter of consistency both in terms of learning new skills and finding new clients and if you work in a freelance capacity like David stack there's no limits to the number of clients you get meaning you can make as much money as you're willing to work for if you grew up watching YouTube and you put in the work and you're willing to do what it takes to level up your skills there's a good chance you can get hired to make thumbnails for Mr Beast and other YouTubers if you want to know what it's like working for Mr Beast watch this next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @raviolijar [1 likes]: woah! really underrated! I definitely thought this video had a lot more views before checking since it seems so well made!
  2. @killerdolophin2000 [1 likes]: Great video dude, and nice editing!
  3. @JeffreyBlessedYT: Great vid
  4. @burgerjoemama: You deserve more subs
  5. @AvanzadaDental: Nice to get new channels recommended, keep it up!
  6. @thunenane: great video

- Pro YouTube Thumbnail Designers for Hire! | MrBeast's Thumbnail Experts - Hire Today!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to the world of captivating YouTube thumbnails whether you're in real estate trading business blogs Sports entertainment or any other Niche a compelling thumbnail is your ticket to grabbing attention and boosting clicks imagine the impact of a well-crafted thumbnail before your videos might blend in after using our services they leap off the screen drawing viewers in like never before it's the difference between scrolling past and getting that ited click when you choose me you're choosing more than just a thumbnail you're choosing professionalism creativity and results my designs are crafted to entice inform and compel action experience the difference firsthand and watch your clickthrough rates sore ready to transform your YouTube presence contact me today and let's create thumbnails that make your content unmissable

  Top Comments:
  1. @Maximuspaynte [1 likes]: I will need you soon
  2. @burgertaster9394: What's is your email or contact link I want to start online videos on youtube

- How MrBeast Made YouTube’s Greatest Video (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en mr beast might just have made his greatest ever video his 100 million subscribers special is closing in on 40 million views in just two days but here's the really interesting thing this video manages to combine all of mr beast's best youtube tactics into 15 minutes if there's ever a video we need to closely study it's this one you see it all revolves around the three-part mystery beast equation an equation that led to the greatest youtube growth story of all time and it starts with part one aiming for perfect retention we all know that mr beast is a master at keeping people watching from beginning to end he constantly talks about his obsession with video retention if i'm talking to this camera and you're not cutting it for too long that's boring you'll lose retention but if i talk and you cut to that angle i'm talking and cut back and you know it helps it but people often make the mistake of thinking that this is just about having lots of cuts and talking really fast there's a lot more to it than that let me show you why this is the perfect video intro we just hit 100 million subscribers and from the bottom of my heart thank you everyone that subscribed and to celebrate i bought this ginormous private island and i'm giving it to one of you in this video so i brought 100 of my subscribers to compete in four extreme challenges last one standing wins this island the first challenge is simple first 50 people to start a fire and like their torch move on begin now sure of course it is relentlessly fast in fact in these opening 20 seconds there was a visual change every 1.1 seconds mr beast knows that by front loading the video with this much stimulus it's very hard to feel bored and get distracted but a very smart thing he does in his intros is establish scale for example in this shot he starts with the camera zoomed in on him and then zooms back to reveal the entire island a few seconds later he shows the scale of all 100 contestants in a line these are called establishing shots and mr beast uses them for two purposes to set the scene for the video but also to wow the audience with the size of the production he wants this to feel big because it is if you look at a typical retention curve people usually start to hold attention when the first challenge or storyline begins so mr beast starts the first challenge after 17 seconds he could have shown more of the island or given more explanation but he always prioritizes retention he actually puts a tour of the island after the first challenge has finished nearly every video mr beast has uploaded has an intro formula like this open fast establish scale and transition to first challenge however after the intro is where a lot of youtubers encounter a problem the rest of their video just can't match the energy we can visualize a lot of youtube videos with this energy graph the video starts high with tension and energy but then drops off and only starts to peak again towards the end if you go through the island video it looks more like this every few minutes mr beast creates tension in the storyline with his challenges this makes it hard to skip forward or leave the video constant tension is always built in he also uses the contestants to help reinforce his storylines pay close attention to this scene because it's really smart assume you saw the first squid game video okay well this one's a little different only the first 20 to step on the red line or cross it move on okay the red line that's all we're thinking about 20 people this guy was used to emphasize the challenge he basically repeated what jimmy said to make sure you know what's happening however the magic of mr beast is there is a clear strategy behind his videos but they never feel too polished sometimes that's just about leaving in an organic moment like this i need a snack wait wait you're definitely eliminated you did say red light green light at the end red light the red light let me review the footage and see if he's correct when you were explaining the rules you said like green light if there's no time limit yeah we have our first finisher by technicality he has even said he deliberately limits his videos to 1080p so they don't feel too high production i don't like the way high quality footage look i don't ever want things to feel too produced trust me this guy could afford a few 4k cameras if you wanted them it always has to feel like a youtube video when i showed this graph earlier you might have noticed this green spike at the end well i'm using that to represent another key to his retention every mr beast video finishes with a high point whether it's dramatic or just wholesome this is integral to retention strategy on youtube it's what leaves the lasting impression in the viewer's mind but we need to talk about the genius behind this thumbnail which takes us on to part two of the equation the clickbait master i believe this is mr beast's best ever thumbnail and just like the video it uses all the tactics mr beast has learned over the years there are 5 things that make it great starting with jimmy himself he takes up 33 percent of this thumbnail mr beast is arguably the most recognizable brand on youtube so it's really important to leverage that also the facial expression of an excited open mouth smile is by far the most commonly used expression on his channel in fact 76 of his videos in the last year utilize it why it instantly gives emotion and hypes up what he is showing in the image he's excited the viewer is excited if you focus closely on the editing on the face you'll see jimmy's eyes have been brightened the eyes are the first thing we focus on when we see human faces so from a psychology point of view it makes sense to pronounce them second of all the entire thumbnail has a really good balance of colors mr beast and his team are masters of using good contrast even note the red headphones they perfectly contrast against the light blue and green of the island also this image is perfectly saturated without being over the top a lot of youtubers would edit this thumbnail like this and while it may be even brighter and more vibrant it suddenly makes the island feel less realistic it's important for mr beast to show something that doesn't look overly fake the third point is using things in the image to show scale this boat for example and the volcano just like in the actual content mrbeast wants to show off how big this video is the micro details are where things get really interesting the roller coaster the beast burger building and the giant gold statue make the island feel even more luxurious but they are also a subtle way of adding more brand my favorite part of the thumbnail is the figure parachuting down to the islands it's very smart because it both reaffirms the scale but also adds a bit of extra intrigue you're left wondering who is that and will he or she land the fifth thing that makes all mister mysteries thumbnails great is simplicity if we zoom out on this image it's still very easy to work out what's happening thumbnails should be instantly understandable at any size so now we have part one and part two of the equation but none of this would work if it wasn't for part three video financing and this isn't as simple as you might think you see often mr beast is portrayed as this crazy kid who's on the brink of going broke but here's two things that make these expensive videos possible firstly mr beast is actually a very effective salesman watch his merch plug in this video this is our first and maybe only merch drop of the entire year we filmed a mr beast video that will never be uploaded to the public just by either item and we will email you a link to watch the video if you have seven days let's go see who wins the island he basically has a sales formula he mentions the merch is exclusive gives the free video as an additional incentive and makes the drop time specific this is textbook sales now just before we mention the second and possibly most important factor behind this business model there's something else we need to mention when it comes to financing creators like mr beast have actually begun selling some of their older videos this is often called back catalog licensing and the company making this possible is today's sponsor spotter here's how it works spotter gives you upfront cash now in exchange for future ad revenue on your back catalog of videos you can use the money however you want whether it's hiring an editor and growing your team or even just saving it yourself for peace of mind on their website mr b said he used the money to help fund his spanish channel you maintain full ownership of your channel and all your future revenue it's a simple trade for your old videos with nothing to pay back ever spotter have already deployed over 550 million dollars to hundreds of creators including the likes of mr beast dude perfect and many more so if you're a youtuber who's interested in how much your old videos could be worth visit spotter.com paddy linked down below so what is the second thing that ties everything together mr beast's business is mission driven in terms of content jimmy obsesses over making the perfect video in terms of money jimmy has a deep-rooted desire to help those in need these two missions make every video mean more than your average creator and speaking of this i'm going to donate 5 cents to mysteries philanthropy for every subscribe this video gets so you can do your good deed for the day by scrolling down and hitting that red button thanks for watching and shout out to mrbeast for changing the youtube game

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [266 likes]: Can we hit 5,000 likes? It would break my record for the first 24 hours! 🥲 If you are a youtuber make sure to check out: http://spotter.com/paddy
  2. @Emmanuelputunoi [2 likes]: Where is he ?
  3. @MasterRantBlox [2 likes]: You Faded Where are you now 😢
  4. @BBWFan1776 [2 likes]: Bro fell off
  5. @KAZEEMJIMOH-dm7zm [1 likes]: Where is this dude at?
  6. @ReySelibio [1 likes]: i hope you can, comeback brother 🔥🙏
  7. @3510_FOREX [1 likes]: COME BACK MAN !!! Where are you 😢!
  8. @spartangamingofficial1240 [1 likes]: 2 freaking years 🙂
  9. @APEX_HUNTER4: bro u have not uploaded since 3 years that's not normal
  10. @JiHAM67: AMAZING VIDEOS 0:31
  11. @danielrivasrc: Your videos are fantastic! I'd love to collaborate with your channel, and that way I can continue growing as a content creator and pursuing my dreams. If you're open to it, I'll add you as a collaborator on my next video. Best wishes for continued success!
  12. @Sylantrix: Your detailed breakdowns of viral content provide so much technical knowledge that helps creators understand how to grow their audience effectively. 🎥💡
  13. @sharma23shivamyt: II also decoded how mr beast makes amazing videos - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CkI5s9sRZo
  14. @ItsAmaniStuff: Dunkin donuts
  15. @MemeFlowAi: 2025 any one
  16. @Guyofthewoods: can you make new videos there so good
  17. @ViewsVillain: You're my inspiration Paddy Galloway 😊🎉
  18. @SpiritualTurned: Im Watching your Videos shout me out @spiritualTurned 1:53
  19. @PTE: Nice 😊
  20. @kjsunny1998: Sir I want to ask you a small question, before that let me tell you something about myself. Me and my elder brother and with family support we started a business and that business started doing very well and it has settled well. Now I want that with my contribution I should have a face value and I want to do something big, so can I start a YouTube channel from this year 2025, will this be the best idea? By the way, I have it in my mind to make a real life success story like a documentary. I hope that you will give the right advice.

- The Beast of Thumbnails – An Analysis of Mr. Beast’s Development Over Time: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube thumbnails an analysis of Mr BEAST's development over time if we break down some of the biggest YouTube videos we can hopefully see what they are doing that sets them apart from their competition and take those identifiable traits and apply them in our own videos such that we might also get the level of appeal and reach to make one's own videos all the more successful naturally there are multiplicity of factors that go into achieving success on YouTube nevertheless if we can identify some of those factors and understand how they can be successfully integrated into one's own videos you can hopefully increase your own viewership and realize your objective goals from YouTube in this video we will be drawing our analysis from the person who is currently the most successful YouTuber in the world Mr Beast who is a mass 2117 million subscribers on his primary YouTube channel with 13 35 videos on that channel having surpassed 100 million views his latest videos $110,000 every day you survive in a grocery store had amassed 99.5 million views after a mere 7 days as we were putting together this video and was accumulating a further 200,000 views per hour so Mr Beast and his team definitely know a thing or two about being successful on YouTube now what you'll notice with this particular video as well as Mr BEAST's other top videos is that his thumbnails place a strong emphasis on clear static imagery that is focused on him and the subject matter of his particular video and even though the grocery store survival video has a massive head shot of Mr Beast that takes up half the thumbnail he is not the central character in the video appearing infrequently to offer commentary and Pitch sponsored products in the video this clear static imagery is no different from his other top videos where the emphasis is on Clarity and projecting the subject matter of the video fortunately the imagery is often times sufficient to depict the general theme of the video such that he is able to avoid putting any wording into the thumbnails instead he can rely excl elusively on the title of his videos to provide specifics this may not necessarily be the case for more technical videos that you develop or lack imagery that can distinguish them from other videos however in the early days of Mr BEAST's YouTube channel the thumbnails did not demonstrate this kind of focus instead it would appear to be drawn from the variable selection made by YouTube Studio such there was nothing particularly appealing from these early thumbnails even when a young Mr Beast appeared on the thumbnails it would appear to be a video clip taken out of the primary video with wording slapped around his face to have both elements present in the thumbnail what we don't see is a purposeful placement of all the images and words such they are properly spaced and optimized we did start to see this about 5 years ago some purposeful shots that clearly focused on Mr Beast and that he was undertaking which was not taken from the video but created explicitly for the thumbnail one of these earlier efforts would be Mr Beast I spent 24 hours straight in slime this Evolution continued with ever greater emphasis on either the subject matter of the video or simply the head shot or bust of Mr Beast having near absolute focus of the thumbnail as you can see see the focus became ever sharper and it is now in probably its sharpest phase when one looks at either the top videos or the most current videos and see how clear they are involving the layering of a few key images on top of each other without any waste in the imagery this makes for an incredibly compelling thumbnail even where it utilizes an artistic rendering to insert a particular image into the thumbnail as well as the very limited use of text which for purposes of Mr BEAST's videos is more than sufficient overall it provides a very compelling evolutionary process in the development of Mr Beast thumbnails that one can learn a lot from and apply to their own YouTube Endeavors at the same time you need to understand the purpose of your own videos and the specificity of your intended audience such that you might make appropriate adjust Ms and optimize what you learn from other YouTube creators to improve your own video development all the best to you in your video creation Endeavors as we look to provide ever more insights into your entrepreneurial Pursuits thank you

- Mr. Beast Changing His Thumbnails For Every Video: Kind: captions Language: en okay yep and you said May the 17th Works awesome see you then hey uh boss uh tornado just destroyed an entire Village should we make a video about rebuilding their houses or is that this ones don't really get many views hey Chandler can you pull up the analytics from the recent video oh yeah I can do that I haven't checked it yet but I already know it's popping off like the storytelling was Immaculate the idea itself was crazy and I would even be surprised if it's not even yep I'll take care of that do we have the right sound effects not just yeah was wait yo guys [Music] boss just wanted to say uh great work on the last video guys really impressed me yeah all right let's go fin only question is just how it has 10% less views than average 10% less do you realize how awful that is let me just let me just paint the picture here the video was fine the title was fine that just leaves one more element who made the thumbnail come on I know it's one of you guys who did it no takers fine read the list okay thumbnail for this video was assigned to subject 159 159 where are you at where is 150 oh you're the new hire it's nice to meet you hey look you're still new here and you're still learning and you just didn't make the thumbnail good enough that's all we all make mistakes just not here now I want you to look at me and then look at the thumbnail you made why is my face only cover bring 1/8 of the screen did you learn nothing God do I to do everything myself get out anyone else anyone here got Common Sense hey boss I was ass signed toic a backup thumbnail in case the other one didn't work out so I don't know if this helps okay okay I like it that's great we'll use it thank you time up wait what hey hey what's going on you just said you liked it well at least I do we just need to see if the public likes it like if views go up you're free to go but if they go down you'll never see your family again this is sick well you're sick you know that what the hell is wrong with you do you know how much money I make every minute what why does that matter don't you just give it all away anyway oh no no you couldn't be any more wrong thank you everybody for watching And subscribe for more hey man thank you so much again this money is really going to change all of that money is going to my own personal research duplication and cloning more jimmies more content more money videos will be posted faster than you can take another breath you won't even realize which one's the real me I could die and nobody would know what if he's already dead what if our plan was already in Pursuit and what if we put microchips in the febles bars and already have control over half the population what if we've already won what if you've already lost be me be

  Top Comments:
  1. @JJavier31rblx [4 likes]: Seeing all the "didn't age well" comments after the employee got exposed for being a fraud is intresting.
  2. @HighlightsChannel212 [2 likes]: He kinda perdicted it
  3. @HappyAsHarryOfficial [1 likes]: GRANT LET ME OUT THE BASEMENT
  4. @NationalSportsEntertainmentNSE [1 likes]: Grant is the savior of Gen Z
  5. @TigerFishGaming [1 likes]: 0:01  my birthday!!
  6. @Aya.yaakou: The fnaf background soundtrack gave me chills omg
  7. @Owlministrator: Hah imagine thinking half the population ate that crap
  8. @Zero2chance: I thought here 1:25 Jimmy would start beating the crap out of her with a mallet, it would’ve been more funny.
  9. @jaftcreate: i legit got scared lol
  10. @spiderywebb: well i sure am glad i spat out that feastables bar as soon as i bit it for the first time because that chocolate is god awful man
  11. @ili-h: IT'S FNAF OST??
  12. @cookiewarefan1: blhcvs;ibcvgju;vbuivkjhkjJHWAT ITS OVER?!?!??! ALREADY!??!
  13. @nolan-r2r: I like this video because of the fnaf 6 music but this video is crazy
  14. @vaxman-c5w: When grant wants to be scary he can honestly sometimes be incredibly terrifying.😭😭😭
  15. @Epic-l1v: the best part is that a mr.beast video is on my youtube sidebar for this video
  16. @SoggyCat-b2n: holy peak writing
  17. @wagyuthesilly: Why did the "10% than average" sound exactly like mr beast for a sec
  18. @realgabrielrr: same with veritasium
  19. @Oct_262: 1:27 the lights lowering is so peak
  20. @GoatedLouisXIV: Went from simply editing videos to planning the total demise of our human civilization

- I Made Browser Extension That Randomly Adds MrBeast to Every Thumbnail: Kind: captions Language: en so I think today in the year 2023 we've basically gotten to a point that if you go to youtube.com you are guaranteed to see a picture of Mr B's face somewhere on the home page surely that's not true let me check s oh [Music] so my first thought when unnecessary inventions made this video about adding Mr Beast to every thumbnail link down below was how can I automate this my vacation was starting and I had just spent the last year learning JavaScript at school making a browser extension seemed like the perfect project for my free time I have mainly worked with P5 JS a simplified version of JavaScript but I figured I was up to the task with liberal usage of Tatsu PT of course and now not even 24 hours later here I am with the finished products as of writing this video the extension review process is yet to be completed but by the time this video goes live the extensions will be available I'll include links in the video description to all extension Pages we'll talk about the development process later but first I'll show you what the extension does and where you can get it downloading is pretty straightforward just look for Mr beastify on the Firefox Chrome or Edge extension page or click the links below now switch over to YouTube and watch the chaos unfold as Mr Beast is added to every single YouTube thumbnail this might seem a bit excessive but YouTubers have been adding Mr beasts to their thumbnails for a while now so I guess I'm just simplifying things for them development my first step was to ask chat GPT for guidance on designing this browser extension its initial suggestion was to fetch the YouTube thumbnail from the YouTube API then add Mr Beast onto the thumbnail and replace the original image altogether however this proved to be more trouble than it was worth given that the YouTube API like most apis isn't the easiest to work with this method also involved a lot of steps that turned out to be unnecessary my second idea which I came up with myself was to paste a new HTML element over the existing one with Mr Beast as an image this approach had its challenges as it's quite inconsistent with HTML elements serve as thumbnails the tag hashtag thumbnails wasn't sufficient since logos and other images sometimes use this tag as well big thanks to YouTube for that eventually I settled on attack IMG dot YT Dash core Dash image which thankfully worked well enough once an element to append was selected The Next Step was to choose a random image overlay I created a variety of 31 images to choose from and designed a simple custom function that would randomly select one of these images taking into account browser compatibility issues after this I had to create an HTML element and insert it where it should be either chat TPT handled this since I don't have a clue what I was doing most of the time with some trial and error I managed to get this working fine too I then did some additional work such as having the function run every 10th of a second creating a list of thumbnails that were already processed flipping the image 25 of the time and adding an Easter egg or two after some testing and the Very tedious task of editing the manifest.json file to comply with chrome standards the extension was finally compatible with chrome Edge and Firefox after uploading my add-on to both the Firefox and Edge store and paying Google five dollars for literally no reason it was also available on their store thanks Google Now you can check out my extension for free the source code is publicly available on GitHub it's a bit rough around the edges and you'll need to do some file renaming if you want the extension to be compatible with chrome but apart from that it's all there for you to access and freely edit this might be the most pointless project I've ever worked on but I hope it brings you some Joy try it out and get a little surprise every time you open YouTube

  Top Comments:
  1. @magicjinn [29 likes]: Thanks to the help of the amazing community, we've been continuously updating our extension, and update 1.4 is rolling out soon. Fixes for versions 1.1 to 1.4 include:

- fixed the issue where the thumbnail selection would include links in the video's description
- fixed the issue where the thumbnail selection would include links to youtube gaming and links to game channels
- Fixed an issue where the images are rendered over the video's time indicator
- Removed the non-existant options page from the manifest
- Made the addon automatically scan for images in the images folder for easy scalability
- Fixed an issue where partially loaded images list caused problems with premature firing of other functions. Now, scripts wait for all images to load before execution.
- Fixed an issue where hovering over a thumbnail would render an additional MrBeast image.
- Fixed an issue where thumbnails wouldn't get a new image when you refreshed youtube.
- ​Added many new images
- Image optimized using binary search, resulting in approximately 60% faster load times
- MrBeast now also appears on end screen recommendations
- Added a json config/blacklist to configure how flipping images with text should be handled.

We've tried to make it as easy as possible to make alternative versions of the add-on, and it's paid off! The project has been forked 49 times and there are around 20 versions of the add-on with different youtubers. If you make your own version, or you notice a new one gets released, let me know on my discord server. I always love to see it! http://discord.gg/bQvtauxXWp

I've actually had a proposal from an "Extension Seller" to buy my extension. Don't worry, I won't be selling out it any time soon, unless I get some ludicrous offer I can't refuse. The source code will always be available too, so even if I would sell it, you can make your own copies easily.

The support on the video has been amazing, but even better, on my channel. I released another video 2 weeks ago, and it's doing well, and it's set to surpass this video in popularity, and I'm incredibly thankful that something I'm genuinely proud of is getting so much attention. You guys are awesome 🙏
  2. @whoozie [2 likes]: This is some crazy stuff, and thank you for giving the code away for free!
  3. @logan-el6hl [2 likes]: 0:19 and now he's on a BFDI community
  4. @Voshchronos [1 likes]: This is the funniest extenstion I have ever installed, fr.
  5. @dirtbagwithachainsaw [1 likes]: i activated it, it is so funny
  6. @tuthanhnoob8806 [1 likes]: why i not working for me ?
  7. @WalterWipe [1 likes]: I decided to get it back when it was popular a year ago and I still use it lol

Only problem is that I can no longer actually see thumbnails fully but its alright
  8. @malitegamer283 [1 likes]: was there a new upd or sum??
  9. @mxverick_01 [1 likes]: Does it work on mobile
  10. @Fraudulent_Burbur: i had this installed for a year but i uninstalled it now. dude i swear i can still see the spirit of mrbeast pointing at nothing bro im not hallucinating istg i see him i see him i see him i see him
  11. @RetepStuff: I used it
  12. @Piort3007: watching this while having it is even better, mr beast reacting to mr beast reacting to videos made by mr beast
  13. @furiouskoalla7457: Bro I didn't even know something like that could exist and I was just chillin until I realised that every fkg tumbnail had mr. beast in it for no reason. The extension was downloaded in my pc without my permission like wtf lmao can someone tell me why the extension was on my pc ..? im lost
  14. @Itsanope: I added this extension and one for royalpear, its like a fight for the thumbnail
  15. @gunsevenwhillans420: Bro you really gotta make this but instead of MrBeast it's that one terrified face Windy31 puts on every thumbnail of his videos. I NEED to see something like "Darktide tips and tricks for new players!" with Windy screaming his lungs out from fear upon seeing one of the game's characters on the thumbnail
  16. @ParfaitPanic: Lmao I love this
  17. @gxx292: I just took my grandson to Walmart to pick up feastables, peanut butter is his favorite, also a Cirkul water bottle! While looking for the feastables in the candy isle, feastables where on the bottom shelf and only three boxes, while Hershey had four top shelves!! Fully stocked, I snapped pictures and plan to talk to management about this, my grandson was notable upset! Thank you walmart of Tucson Arizona, Wetmore
  18. @MatPlanett: There is one called jambofy it is the best
  19. @LaroTayoGaming: Add it on revanced and I'm solved
  20. @1nkyyy: i love this extension so much. this is extremely underrated.

- Every Time MrBeast Has Changed Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en we're about to discover the results of every AB thumbnail test that has ever been run on the Mr Beast Channel I don't think I need to explain how important this is from AB testing from apps website design marketing now YouTube It's a feature we've been asking YouTube for for years we finally have it I've had it personally on my red Falcon channel for about 9 months now I want to say since about September it's been very useful there are some times where it's negligible results but other times where it can completely change the trajectory of a video but today we're talking about Mr Beast I'm using a website called views.com I believe it's owned by Mr Beast I have a subscription to it I think it's like $50 a month I don't think he's going to mind me sharing these results because I'm going to promote it check it out top of the description if you want but let's get into it the first thumbnail I was going to do this myself just for fun for research purposes but I figured let's film it let's do it together we play a little game which one's going to win is it going to be that I mean okay that's obvious it's that one all right cool next I went back to first grade for a a a b a b i mean this doesn't even matter I I doubt it matters I'm going to say it's this one because what are we what are we doing here why are we yelling and open there we go two for two so far we have 100 boys versus 100 girls same sort of thing where he just opens the mouth and then closes it test is run in October videos uploaded in 22 I don't think this matters I'm going to go close mouth three for three let's go okay now we're getting getting interesting here $1 versus a half a million dollar plane ticket it's a gold plane and again it's the freaking mouth it's is is the mouth open or is the mouth closed I'm going with mouth closed let's go to test number two okay he used test number two use the mouse colde for test number two so I'm going to assume that um that's the one that won now we have a little interesting two panel here um which I I think I like that a lot I'm going to try not to spend too much time explaining on any of this I'm just going to make a quick guess I'm going to say it is three I'm going to go with three for this one um did that win I believe no okay so he took the the one that I liked out with the big ice cream um I'm going to I guess I'll go with this one then I'll guess go with B I'll go go with number two okay it's both of these now so I believe that probably means that the two panel won and now he's comparing the ice cream I like this I like this I like the big circular ice cream no no the wide ice cream wins okay fine I I just like to you see a little more gold that's negligible I'll probably say the word negligible a few times here but he's running it again for this one and he's running it again and I am just going to go through these like I'm not even going to predict I don't think we need to spend our time on this let's go mouth Clos he's got a wider face but a little low lowii a little lower res um take me to like the last test so this is the last test February 5th mouth closed three scoops of ice cream wide gold plane I'm going with two panel it's just a little more accurate $1 versus half a million dollar plane ticket this shows you the half a million doll one this shows you the $1 one as well it's a little more accurate and spot on and we're still rolling here baby let's go we've got extreme $100,000 game of tag he is being hunted he's got money in his hand it's it's this one's pretty similar it's is the mouth open or is the mouth closed yet again we're obsessed with that for some reason here I'm going to go with mouth closed I have no reason to believe that it would not be that it it it it looks a little more tense oh no oh the current is that that actually surprises me um I don't believe it but I guess I will believe it I I I don't know okay this is interesting I paid a real assassin to try to kill me I'm I'm talking fast cuz I want to get through these there's a ton of them this is cool though I like this one he's uh in the reticle and uh I like that one I like this one a little more I think they're both good let's go to test two okay it seems like the guy with the knife won um and now he's trying this with a little bit of a different green more green background I don't think that's going to matter um let's go to three he just rain it again they just R they just keep running the same same test I guess okay let's go to the last one okay it's clearly between these two I'm going to go with this one and that is the right answer let's go simple here last leave the circle wins a half a Millie H 100 people giant red circle ton of different people different colors grass of course um okay it's again it's just the it's just the face swap here we're going mouth closed we're going mouth closed oh it was mouth open I'm getting I'm getting bodied Now by this what is happening let's make this cover this up again it should get more interesting as we go on I'm guessing these are older videos that are probably just simp just patched simply just because they don't want to waste time and in resources too much on it um I don't freaking know dude what are we doing I'm going mouth Clos I'm staying loyal let's go let's go we're back in it we're back in it anything you can fit in the feel free to play along at home as well I don't know if I said that you should be playing along in your head see how many you can get right see which ones surprise you um anything you could fit in the circle I'll pay for it's interesting that there's nothing in the circle I would have put like gold and and like diamonds and I don't know I could probably go on about every thumbnail about what I would have done I'll try not to do that um I don't think this matters anything you could fit in the circle while pay I'm going mouth open I'm I'm switching teams I'm I'm switching squads oh why did I do that all right all all right we're staying on team mouth closed I adopted every dog in a dog shelter a versus B again we're we're doing this again I'm just going to skip through these pretty quickly I'm going mouth team mouth closed team mouth closed wins this is going to be another instance of that um million doll I don't care team mouth Clos team mouth Clos wins is this another okay we got a we got a different thumbnail we've got him pointing at a Chasm train versus giant Pit and the Train's about to fall in there that's an interesting one and then we have him going ah with the train that's about to to go in the Optics on this are a little better it's definitely prettier this is kind of cool and maybe a little more realistic looking even though they're neither of them are realistic looking I would say I got to be quick I got to be quick you only look at a thumbnail for about a second in real life so I have to be quick on this I'm already past the shot clock I'm going to go with this one a it was a sick let's go I spent 50 hours buried alive we have this standard and then we have hour um I don't I'll go hour 49 I'll go hour 49 it's not hour 49 interesting I gave my 100 millionth subscriber in Island this is a very simple one AB oh it's the mouth closed versus mouth open yet again I'm going uh I'm going mouth closed I told you what team I'm on I I betrayed it once and I'll never betray it again I bought the world's largest Mystery Box 500k I would have made that more clear I I can't really tell what's going on here um yeah uh I wonder if he updated the title at all this title I would have put the $500,000 earlier in it but what ever he's Mr Beast he obviously has a million people working on this and probably know more than me so I'm going to go I'll go with the tag I'll go with the price tag no price tag on it okay last that take the hand off the jet keeps it we've got some prominent figures I see speed here uh we got mouth open mouth closed last to take the hand off the jet keeps it I mean mouth closed I'm on the team you already know I'm on the team you already know we get another point we're actually in it spent 24 hours in a doomsday bunker top secret mouth open versus mouth closed I'm waiting till this is not the problem the not the question anymore why is the door open we're spending it trapped in it is he go is he about to go in it uh maybe um I I I don't know I'll go with mouth closed that's what we've been doing and we got it again offering all right this could be interesting offering 100,000 people to quit offering people $100,000 to quit their job so he could clearly wants to leverage the McDonald's brand here it's one of the most popular minimum wagees jobs even though it might not be one minum wage anymore I don't know but there's a bunch of money uh kind of a POV style he's handing it to this person who is shocked and now we have a girl who is shocked a bit of a clearer expression here I'm going to go with the girl on this let's go with test two and it seems like they ran the same test again test three and it seems like they ran the same test again I'm sticking with the girl it's the girl baby that was just a clear um emotion and I don't know something about the girl just sticks out to me first to rob bank wins $100,000 and it's Mr Beast and his mouth is open his mouth is closed his mouth is always it sounds like it looks like he's talking ah FAL FAL what are you going to pick here I'm going with mouth closed and we win yet again that's what we're talking about world's most dangerous escape room this is Mr Beast branding so this seems a little more functional to me actually you know what no I like this this is more functional and it's better for your brand you got to go with a here it's not a I was going to say that b is a little better but a is a little better for the brand um so it's sometimes you have to make tradeoffs I personally would have gone with a there it's a nice little uh flash of color in an otherwise pretty monochromatic thumbnail but that's okay I hund I I hunted a 100 he hunted 100 people like in what way did they die like what what even is going on here he's got kind of a menacing look here once again The Branding versus The non- Branding this time I'm going to go with the black shirt just because that color Blends in the sky with these I would have been curious to see if he gave everybody red shirts I think that would have been better but that's just me I'm going to go here with b and it's a wow interesting I mean are we sure that this is the right answer I I I don't know I don't know I don't know if my ego can handle getting those two wrong in a row I ate $70,000 I ate a $70,000 Golden Pizza okay that pizza does not look appetizing at all maybe that's the catch maybe that's the draw of the thumbnail it's like maybe he's going to hate it um but if you remember like the airplane one the gold looked incredible I would have made it look a little more incredible um oh oh we made the plate a little wider here we made the plate a little wider I'm going to go with Clos mouth cuz that's my squad and we win again I ate the world's largest slice of pizza now it's now it's okay this is actually awesome this is a really really good thumbnail I'm going with mouth closed cuz that's my my team and we're just we're staying loyal to it what do what team are you on let me know in the comments mouth closed or mouth open mouth open obviously great things happen when mouths are open but mouth closed it's the new wave it's the new wave we all know you know mouth mouth open was the thumbnail thing for years and years and years everybody got sick of it everybody's jaded from it and now mouth closed is where it's at I clean the world's dirtiest Beach # team Seas okay I like it and it's another uh issue of this mouth Clos I'm going to try to go through these quickly if it's if that's the only thing anything you can fit in the Triangle I will pay for again an empty triangle maybe that's better oh I like that oh I also like this though too um that's actually really tough I got to be quick I'm going to go with a I'm going to go with okay test three let's see it's B yeah b b is I think the newer one it's probably the one that he updated I like that one too I like that one a lot okay $1 versus $1 million hotel room this is only one test and it's mouth open versus mouth closed I want to go mouth open here for some reason but I'm going mouth closed it's mouth closed they'll never let you down except like one time I think survive 100 days in a circle win a half a million so it's it's Mr Beast dirt Day 94 I like that I like Day 94 more than day 99 for whatever reason I like kind of in the middle there 90 991 something like that 97 also pretty good I kind of like that oh man this is hard I like both of them a lot I'm going with this one it's just full grass it's simpler oh it's tough though I could see see either one I think we're just going to run the same test a few times if that's the way it's been going I think they like to just make sure like why not I guess why not run it again I think maybe that's their their approach to it let's go it's the top down view more green uh a little bit clearer a little bit simpler I didn't eat food for 30 days okay um I assume this is a video where Mr Beast doesn't eat food uh for 30 days I think it is I think maybe I I think I've seen part of this one um day 19 so he's obviously starving I'm not sure how I feel about the purple it's different uh I'm going with I'm going with B okay B1 and then they're adding a new one oh this is interesting this is what this video is all about we've got an empty refrigerator umh I don't know if that really gets the point across totally um having this stuff around it's almost like he ate that and then he has none left whereas this is he has nothing to begin with I'm going with a I'm going with a here whoa okay all right you got me there you got me Mr Beast and not Mr Beast YouTube the audience the audience chose it last to take the hand off the Lamborghini keeps it I like the colors of the shirts I find it interesting that okay the the Lamborghini is green he's got there there's kind of a lot going on here though I will say um it's just a mouth Clos versus mouth open scenario and mouth team moutho you already know what team I'm on I don't even need to say it would you rather have a giant diamond or $100,000 okay ooh okay A little POV style we got and then we got Mr Beast the thing is Mr BEAST's face is valuable people love some Mr Beast maybe not everybody but a lot of people they love some Mr Beast okay so I think that the branding is strong here I'm going to go with a and it seems like we're running the test a bunch we're running the test a bunch we're running the test a bunch what is it it's a let's go that's what I thought $1 versus $100 million house oh okay so this is a little bit more of a genuine look it seems like this is a newer video he's going for a little bit less like ah and a little bit more like yeah that's right that's right $100 million house uh it's just a little bigger and then a little different style house there's a dude there I kind of love that dude I'm going with a for the dude um okay he ran it again but this one I don't know what's going on here they're trying to say that it's in the sky and like it's one of those things where if that's not what the house looks like in the video I personally wouldn't do it um it's okay to exaggerate but I think this is just like too inaccurate I'm going to stick with a for the guy in the red shirt and okay it's a with the guy in the red shirt versus this new crazy one okay he's running it again I'll I'll let you know oh okay it's this one versus him in a suit ooh I like this one little yard there with the solid gold I mean everybody's got to know that this is not what the house looks like but it's what performs gold like people just love gold what is it about humans that are just drawn to Gold I'm going to go I'm gonna go it's either in the sky or I'm gonna go with B I'm gonna go with B that is not the right answer why are we clicking multiple do you see that there's like double okay let's just keep running let's go all the way to the end here we've got Su whoa whoa whoa I think I was right actually this is the last most recent test okay um suit versus Mr Beast T-shirt oh man that's that's something I think about a lot like what do I wear um a suit uh a suit is more professional obviously um a a t-shirt is a little bit more and relatable and it's like you're sitting on the couch hanging out with him like he's a friend whereas this is I'm going to go with a suit just because if you're going to a $100 million house you might want to wear a suit you know I probably would I I don't know I feel like what okay we clearly did something wrong here but this is the current thumbnail maybe they just raw uploaded they just went they just went Balls to the walls and just uploaded this didn't even run a test cuz look it test options um $1 versus $100 million house yeah again it's it's just like showing what the $1 looks like I I think this is like you're just completely omitting this part and the two panel progression is obviously a really strong format I like that I think this is probably my favorite this the colors are absolutely beautiful and this probably gets your attention much better than this one but this one uh is more functional it's more use it it it conveys things a lot more clear um I think he did a good job with this one hit the target wi $300,000 mouth Clos versus mouth open you already know what it is 7 Days stranded at Sea so we have a little bit of a higher saturated a little more Aqua colors versus maybe a touch more realistic if you could call it that I mean there's freaking sharks everywhere um day SE um that's kind of tough I'm going to go with a yeah a on that one first to Rod the bank we did this one already we already did this one Lamborghini versus world's largest Shredder whoa okay it seems like a contrast sharpening type of deal here interesting I got to be honest with you Mr Beast that's not going to matter so I mean you could run it I guess it's a it's a few it's a few checks on Photoshop and you you make so much money that I'm sure it's probably worth it to pay somebody to do it but it's not going to matter I don't think there's any difference here I mean I guess this is a touch more realistic this is a touch more sharpened and I'm going to go with it a I mean it just looks better it's a little cleaner and I was wrong see I mean that's just that just goes to show um negligible is the word I'd say steal this $100 excuse me one $100,000 Diamond you keep it see this is these are the ones I like um there are it's just it's literally just the color this is just a a a f a switch super easy with the Hue um he's even changing the colors of the ropes here with the Hue the the Diamond seems to remain the same um the color actually never mind it changes with the blue it goes to a little bit more of a brightened white I'm not really seeing too much of a I mean I guess we have a wider I mean this is all whatever shoes are the same um okay so what cuts to the chase Falk I'm going to say steal this $100,000 Diamond you keep it certainly not green green conveys your safe this is I would be appalled if that uh was the case blue is cool I'm going to go with red I mean that's just that's just kind of Common Sense what test number two is blue and green okay test number two is red and blue it's got to be red it's red okay I was about to say wao I about to crush my entire life world's deadliest Laser Maze this is a different game or excuse me a different um video which is exciting so clearly he learned that the red is the best for the lasers so we've got all red he's not even going to mess around with that uh this time around I guess maybe he we can we can test later I like Aldi um they did a great job with the photography on this um I'm going to say c c the last one but I could yep that's the winner and then now we have some new ones oo that that c is also really good I don't like that um it's not as not enough of an action shot I mean I I suppose I could explain why I don't like certain ones but I don't want to waste your guys' time I don't I don't think I'm wasting your time um it's not an action shot he's he's sitting he's like laying down sitting down like help me which is kind of in a helpless state which I guess can be attractive to some people to click on it like oh he's going to fail but to me I'd rather see him in a little bit more of a of a an action uh position where there's a little more tension um I'm going to go with I'm going to go with this last one uh nope I think we're staying with with this this is also really really good uh mouth open versus mouth closed you already know how I feel about that um I think we just skip to the end here okay we've got blue oh now he's trying the colors you got blue versus wao I we missed that we we skipped some episodes here we skipped some episodes wao that one's kind of crazy too but it's a little too much I'd rather see more lasers than than see a huge amount of big lasers okay so let's just do this real quick world's deadliest Laser Maze so to me this does not it does look like a Laser Maze but it's not fully a Laser Maze all I'm seeing is him this looks like a Laser Maze to me to be honest with you I do red on this but it's possible that since he used red for the last one um it is easy to mix those videos up so this upload date was November 28th 2020 this is I mean that's three three years later but I can see why maybe he would use blue this time around to differentiate the videos I'm going to go with a I'm going with a whoa okay yeah I mean I again I would have liked to see red here I think red on this would have won but maybe they tried that and I missed it no um yeah interesting so on test six they have all the different colors and on test seven they have these two so it appears that blue won on this which is super fascinating um then he has fire on him and all that stuff and and this one I mean he has some but not a dramatic amount wow look at that you guys the the the hair I mean that is you got to give props to that like the hair the the scars everything is done really well there I got to give you got to go hats off to them there yeah it seems like the more intense one one Lamborghini versus world's largest Shredder we did this one sometimes he runs okay I built 100 wells in Africa so we have let me just refresh this real quick yeah I don't know why for some reason it's grabbing two at a time we have AB test we just have a single we have just I I mean that's not exciting this is not fun um let's go to the last one all right it's he found out it's this one and then 100 Wells I would I would I would not have the text I don't think it really adds too much that's right that's right world's most dangerous trap oh I like both of these world's most dangerous trap I got to be quick I'm going I'm going with B I'm going with b and we ran it again and it is B let's go every country on Earth fights for a quarter of a million dollar we've got two pretty different ones here they're using the same PE not quite the same people actually America in the Forefront on both of them I like this one I like the line it just conveys a lot more contestants I mean this one does as well but you know when you're looking at it quickly you're not really thinking about these people in the background this is like very good job with this I'm going with B for sure um it seems like we're going to run it again here and it looks like we're running it again all the same test it's B let's go $1 versus $250,000 vacation whoa Mr Beast taking a shirt off no nips though no nips can't have any nips uh golden slide oh jeez versus so this this is more luxury it's on an island this is a little more fun and if you're thinking about the target audience I think his target audience is everyone but it definitely is a younger demographic so if you're thinking about I don't know that has a slide though too but I think this is a little more um kid-friendly and fun and this is a little bit more fancy and adultlike I'm going with B and we're going to run it again and we're going to run it again and we're going to run it again and we're going to run it again and it's going to be no it's going to be a it's going to be a I spent 7 Days buried alive this is a cool thumbnail I have to say I like this one a lot I like this one a lot oh God this one this one makes me feel claustrophobic to be honest with you I like all these I wish we could could have day seven on this one but then the the the the fingers would I got to just make a call here I'm going with a uh I was wrong it's claustrophobic one versus this one versus oo oh I like that can we make it bigger though I mean um let's go with B I don't know yeah no oh whoa new one I mean he's trying to get I don't like that he's trying to get out he he got out day five that's Pro I don't think that's what happens in the video um I'm going with this I don't know I'm all over the place on this one whoa new font who this going for a little I like this font a lot more would have put obviously put some stroke on it but this is the Classic Mr Beast YouTuber people some YouTubers try to copy it like this font whatever it's called I don't know but I see it everywhere still to this day um I got to go with this one it's just a little more fun um I I it's his brand so I'm going with the silly wait whoa really did this fall oh there we go there's the stroke I wanted um whoa this one is more High budget for sure I'm impressed with this one I know I dissed the concept earlier like 20 seconds ago of him coming out but this is obviously better I'm going to oh the grass though is huge grass it obviously most people know grass is really important in thumbnails not important but it's good to have I'm going to go with this one I don't know if my guts just telling me this one and we're going to run again and we're going to run again and we're going to run again and we're going to find out I'm going with this one no it was this though I got rung Around The Rosy on that one you guys and that just goes to show like I think I know a thing or two running tests doing thumbnails for years and years and years and making you know 10 plus thumbnails for each one of my videos and I've learned a lot but there's still things that you learn all the time and that's why tests are important um you're never going to know everything $1 versus $10 million job so we've got $1 what is it okay what does that mean like $1 you make $1 an hour or a year or like what 10 million I mean clearly he's going for that $1 versus you know millions of dollars format which I respect if it works um I don't fully get it I guess um but let's just explore these options we have McDonald's versus clearly he's going for like a CEO type Vibe um I like that I mean he's in a high-rise Penthouse uh apartment and there's a burd on my window that just starled me what up homie we got a doctor um okay janitor interesting he looks miserable in this one I mean he looks pretty miserable in these as well all right FAL get to it I'm going to go I don't like all the blue here I'm going to go with uh McDonald's and CEO um it seems like he kept it um no it seems like janitor and Doctor wins on those cuz he's running it against I don't like this one I don't I don't know I mean yeah it's it's one of those ones again I'll touch quickly on it it's very visually appealing and it checks all the boxes gold money you know centered facing the camera it it it it checks all these boxes that you would want to check but there's also just a human element to thumbnails that you can't just like say oh we have this this this we have gold grass sky eye contact red tie you can't just do that because you have to make people feel a certain way about it it's a Psy it's a psychological thing as well this is great everybody can relate to the janitor and the doctor I'm going to go with B here here man I'm wrong I think and and that just kind of bums me out because I just went on this rant about that for like a minute $1 versus $1 million he's going he's trying to be Brady I guess I don't know it's a it's number one um Buccaneers kind of not a popular franchise like why wouldn't you do like Cowboys you know that's like the first thing I thought of but maybe he I think he like doesn't he meet with Tom Brady in the video or am I thinking of another video Tom played for the bucks for a couple years when did this come out 2023 all right all right I'm rambling I'll go with B I like B again I'm just not a personal I'm not a fan of this one I wouldn't have let that one fly um okay so now we have this versus yeah this is easy so when you're doing testing obviously just you could test parts of each thumbnail I'm going with a I'm going with a it just grabs your attention more I'm going with a it's a cool that was a fun one I I I'm excited I think some of these more future ones I mean we're almost done not almost done but we're almost there and I think some of these future ones are going to be a little bit more exciting whereas in the beginning of this video they were kind of the older videos that they probably don't care as much about promoting quite as much um you only have so many hours and resources in each day so I think they're they're focusing more on on test nowadays now that this is an actual feature $10,000 every day you survive in a grocery store I watched this video I like this video a lot um I love the the games and the challenges um and I like a lot of these thumbnails I think uh why are we why are we screaming or like I don't know about that one um the cheit bro what are those what are those parmesan what put in the comments what what are those he's going for the prime shout out as well I mean you got to respect the detail that goes goes into some of these I I I mean I've appreciated them but I've never fully appreciated them until now I'm going with B on this one I like the center centered aspect of it um but I could also see a winning I don't see C winning at all it's B let's dude I'm kind of corrected $1 versus we did this one sick $1 versus $100 million car I believe I watched this one too love cars the car was nothing like like this it was like an old Ferrari I believe um I could be wrong though $1 100 million there there were a few like vintage cars at the end um I don't know again I'm not a big fan of of like like this is not what was in the video at all uh maybe I think he might maybe put it in the very beginning for the first few seconds but I think you got to be careful of setting expectations um anyway whatever I'm not going to go on a Rand that I would say that um I would say that this one would win out of those two uh we're going to run it again we're going to run it again we're going to run it again we're going to run it again we're going to run it again and let's get to the end here and it is oh that's close I'm going to go with I'm still going to go with my gut here and say that it's this one even though it's inaccurate yeah yeah I don't know I would have done something different there survive 100 days trapped win half a Millie so this I I watch this one as well this one's really interesting it's two different people a a man and a woman that are just kind of like um okay so it's I don't know how I feel about this one so Mr Beast obviously wants to put himself in every thumbnail that makes perfect sense to me um and then we have another guest the other guest was a guy and it's clearly not Mr Beast so he's marketing it as he's trapped with the other person to win a half a million dollars which wow that just clicked in my head that would be an incredible video if Mr Beast had to survive 100 Days with somebody else like like he had to go out of his way clearly he doesn't need a half a million dollars but that would be a really good video because he would have to push himself to be empathetic for the other person he wouldn't do that he's got a million things to do um that's just a logistical nightmare trying to keep Mr Beast trapped but maybe there's another concept within that um anyway that's an aside I like these I like the The Outfits um survive a 100 days trapped win a half a million dollars okay so even though I would have maybe no I don't know whatever U let's go uh let's go very symmetrical I like that this one's more cinematic um they're fighting in this one God I like all these I'm going to go with C it's just the most it's just the cleanest I like it a lot uh looks like C1 wow sometimes you're your gut I don't know what it is sometimes your gut Just Hits day 100 I would not put that I would way rather put like day 91 or 93 or something um you don't want to give anything away um I'm going to probably stick with this because this is an emotion that I'd rather convey which is ah get me out of here and this is like I want to die um and and if I'm a viewer I'm a wide-eyed young person I'd rather see this I don't really I don't know maybe it's just me I don't want to see people get tortured and want to die um I'd rather see this so I'm going to go with a I'm going to go with a no it seems like I was wrong it seems like people want people miserable Humanity uh Day 70 on the wall versus help on the wall I mean I'll be honest I don't know how many people are seeing that I don't know you know there is a lot of subconscious I mean everybody sees it I'm going to go with help I'm going to go with help and it's Day 70 wow I kind of bombed on that one I got the original one right but uh I saved 100 dogs from dying this is an adorable thumbnail I love it um I wonder what a two panel would look like where it's like a dog that is kind of in a cage or in a shelter and then um a bunch of dogs that are like with brighter colors and I know would that be a little too morbid would that be a little too scarring to have that on the left there um okay saved 100 dogs from dying so this is one that looks aesthetically better and catches your attention more this one is a little more functional a little more um accurate just because there's a ton of dogs in the background I personally I don't care either way on this one I'm going to go with this one and I'll tell you why there's puppies and puppies go a lot further than um full-on adult dogs and this is not an ages dog comment I'm just saying they're freaking puppies dude like I'm going with the puppies what is that wait what happened oh God this is what I said this is what I said it is a little morbid there dog number 100 how is he saving the dog it looks like it looks like he's just I don't know how I feel about that one I don't know how let's just move on cuz I don't have any answers for you I spent 7 Days in solitary confinement day number five that's a cool one contemplating life day number five also kind of staring day number five laying down he's used this concept before I think in the name of being creative I wouldn't use this again I would just I don't know on one hand it's like if it's not broken don't fix it and and you know that it works on the other hand it's like there's something to be said about coming with something unique every time and so I would go with this it reminds me of this video I think it's Ryan tryan I'm pretty sure and he like traps himself in like a uh like a really quiet room or somebody did that and it reminds me of that thumbnail so maybe that was inspired um I'm kind of rambling I would go with a and we're going to run again and a wins wow uh it's not bad it's not bad it's a little jarring um I wouldn't do that one I wouldn't do that one I would go A or B here I'm I'm going to stick with a but I could see B winning that okay we're going to go completely different now uh maybe they wasn't getting the views that that you wanted so we're going to go just completely 180 here man I got to say I liked the uh I liked the jumpsuit here um okay I don't that is just like I don't know how I feel about these compared to the originals I'll go with a I'll go with a okay obviously he's going to run this against that I'm going to go with a okay okay we have a brand new one here interesting not too bad man I I love just the original yeah give me that wow is it not your boy or what I was I was gung-ho on this the entire time all right whatever nobody cares uh protect a half million dollar keep it there's tanks he's in front of a half a million dollars oh I like this one more um the money is more loose and free and it feels like it could go anywhere whereas this it seems like it's easier to protect it if it's in a giant case that might be bulletproof so by far this one's better um again same kind of concept here but this is a little bit more of a dynamic angle um I do like this one I think this with a with a pile of money would have been better I'm going to go with B yep wow nice okay um clearly he's trying to use the grass and Sky um as best as he can I don't blame him grass does way better than sand and dirt um I'm going to stay with I'm going to stay with my gut and go with a here seems like it's still a yep seems like he's still trying to do this I'm going to go stick with a I'm going to stick with a okay so it seems like he's doing a test with this and this so maybe he I don't know well I guess we're going to have to keep going down the line I like this one I I do like this one um I mean dude like does anybody really think that Mr Beast is going to put himself in front of a tank and he's going to get lit up and die over you know I'm going to go with this in out of these two run it again run it again run it again run it again and back to this stick with my gut can I go two for two on this I'm I'm saying B obviously I'm saying B over this one let's go I am absolutely on fire I'm least heating up is it in the shoes $1 versus a quarter wait a minute a quarter billion dollar I was like what do I want to say here the numbers are just getting so high a quarter billion dollar Private Island oh this is fun we got that we got that we've got this um again he's going a little more gen with the with the facial reactions um that's a trend we're trying to spot Trends here I I tend to like the more genuine ones um obviously I think a lot of people do okay this is fun again I'm going to I'm going to say just what I said before where it's like as a kid you would love to have this a ferris wheel what about like a roller coaster would have been cool a giant gold slide he's using the gold he's using the water he's using the sky he's on a he's okay he's parachuting in on this one he's using a slide he's using a roller coaster a gold helicopter I mean this this is also incredible I don't I got to be honest I don't know what the lightning bolt is is that like his logo um cuz his his thing has a lightning bolt in it um or maybe I'm missing something here there's a giant house so this one I don't like at all because he's used this before and it's been about houses so in the name of creating something different and unique and fresh for your audience I would never go with this one so we're going with a or b oh man I love them both I really love them both oh my gosh I love them both I'm already past the shot clock I don't know I'm going to go with a I'm going with a but I can see both I'm oh my God I'm on Flames $1 versus a qu million doll vacation maybe I just need to get used to the Mr Beast format you know what I'm saying now I'm I'm getting into it now I'm getting really cocky we already did this one face your biggest fear to win Grand wow that is a cool shot um spiders okay snake versus spiders snake is green green is good um this orange jacket is is great though and and he's getting held down giant spiders God that one's too that one that one makes your skin crawl a little bit oh man um I got to be quick I got to be quick I got to be quick I got to be quick ah I'm going to go with C I'm going with C uh seems like we're running it again seems like we're running it again can I change my mind oh my God I want to keep my streak [Music] going um I'm going to I'm going to go with a I'm going to go with a my gut's saying a oh God I don't know I'm going a snake cuz it's green and you know what if you have a fear of spiders you might not even click this video there there's obviously a hundred things to consider when you're making a thumbnail that's one of them um I would I like if you have a Arachnophobia are you going to click this no are you going to click this yeah probably um there's another thing to consider that we're not considering is how does the video open what is the first 5 10 15 30 seconds look like and doesn't honor this um so I don't fully remember this video I think there's somebody that's like in the beginning that has like a spiders crawling on them so maybe this is better because it's more um true to the beginning of the video something in my guts telling me to pick a and I'm so I'm going to pick a oh no that's okay I would have had it wrong anyway I I had this one I had the top down view instead of the dynamic view that's okay we're Fanning the Flames a little bit you can't stay hot forever I survived seven days in an abandoned city now this is cool I like this a lot it's a change of pace notice how every other thumbnail is bright and in your face and this is not and everything I know about thumbnails tells me not to do this but he's doing it anyway which I commend uh day number five in an abandoned city oh my God he's laying on a skyscraper what is even going on in this one it's cool though it's super unrealistic but it's cool um wow I like this one um I don't know uh I would go I would go C CR on this one one but I need to make a decision I'm going C I like C yeah hell yeah 1,000 blind people C for the first time okay this is really interesting we have a kid who is seeing for the first time and he's crying we have an older woman who is seeing for the first time and who was crying I'm going to tell you why I picked the kid the kid has a lot more time to live and I'm sure this lady is just as thankful as this kid is but there's something kind of innate in us that probably is rooting for the kid because you know he has a lot more life to go so I'm going to go with that I don't know if that's a controversial opinion but I think it's accurate so the older lady won really I would have also thought that blindness is a little bit more common with her than it is with the child again I could be wrong about that that is surprising to me I don't okay that's probably the most surprised I've been of all of them um maybe the blue laser on that other one protect the Lamborghini keep it another really interesting one clearly the Lamborghini holds some weight I always wondered why I mean why not use a Ferrari like but I I don't know I guess Lamborghinis are more popular what about a Bugatti uh I don't know I don't think the Bugatti is is as much of a brand name these are also a lot cheaper than a lot cheaper maybe a third of the price of a Bugatti on average uh protect the Lamborghini keep it so this one he's in the the Lamborghini and it's a little bit it's a face forward train that is looks like he's going to absolutely destroy Mr Beast um you know we know that doesn't happen but I like the red Lamborghini being Vis V visible um this one feeds a little towards the center this one feeds away from the center I would say I would say a I'm not like super huge on any of these okay he completely oh no no no no it was this one it looked like uh assuming you know he's running the test on the ones that win I kind of like this one this one doesn't have spikes on it interesting that one does I don't I don't know I don't like this one cuz it's in the desert I tend to like the grass I'm going to go with a here okay it seems like this one is winning um it just provokes a little more fear I guess and a little more Palm sweaty knees weak arm spaghetti or whatever uh look at it hands look at the hands um I do like the hands though they're a little more functional than Hands on the Wheel I don't know dude I C C I guess no okay so we're going a oh jeez protect the Lamborghini keep it and it's a little bit of a spoiler for me um one really important thing about thumbnails is people tend to gravitate towards things that haven't happened yet so if you're showing something that already happened then that's not nearly as good as a train about to hit a Lamborghini so from my experience I would not use this one at all I would go with a I think it's going to be a yeah A1 all right I I rebounded a little on that one I broke into a house what four is four years ago old Mr Beast he broke into a house he's stealing money Mr Beast what are you doing dude what is he oh the cops outside that's that's pretty good so I'm going to assume that this is the original thumbnail that I don't know if he makes it or he had I wouldn't be surprised if Mr B used to make like his own thumbnails and then this one obviously um you know now he has a team of a ton of people that do it I broke into a house it's funny like I almost like this one more um the Clone stamping is sauce Mr Beast on on this window but you know I hate to call you out but you know we all we're all I I've done that before I have a few hidden in mind poor clone stamping I'm going to go with B you know I feel like you just have to yeah but I I I think it's closer than that slime one we started off with remember that anything you can carry I'll pay oh another older one let's go anything you can carry I'll pay for number two oh so is this like a sequel he's on it before not the title I would have used um yeah I mean this one blows it out of the water and this one's outside anything you can carry I'll pay for um again I would have maybe used I like this a lot but I would have used more valuable things like like diamonds and gold and and Jew some some sort of jewelry watches but I I get I get it you're trying to relate to probably a younger audience and PS5 Xbox One Nintendo yeah that makes sense to me yeah I mean it's it's this it's this one wait oh oh oh oh we're going between this and that yeah so for the same reason I said before um this one is outside so it seems like he already won it whereas this one he's still competing so I totally understand why uh that one won walking up to random people with 100 Storm Troopers what okay that I mean this is just like pick your poison here I mean this one went wins um but yeah I I would have done something different yeah that one wins let's move on 7 Days on a stranded Island we're finishing up here we don't have too many to go we've got Mr Beast stranded in the water day six awesome shot what is it Fiji that looks sick help um I like all these I mean this like I mean I wouldn't be surprised if this one wins but it almost upsets me a l it's like what kind of island is this side maybe it is in the video I don't know I don't think it is oh man okay let's let's let's come on FAL let's go I'm going to go with I want to go with this one I really do but this is col like the colors just thumbnail Theory tells me it's one of these too let's go with a I don't know I could go with any of these honest who we won oh no no no okay so it's this one this one and now this one so it wasn't the dark one6 this is I don't know I'm going with a I'm sticking with a here and it seems like we're running this test a bunch sure why not I guess why not oh oh oh oh back in the mix back in the mix watch out it's all these same ones we're going to find out the answer right now it is oh my God I wanted that one no shot ages one through 100 decide you know what that just that just restores hope that just restores some hope let's go I actually love that ages 1 through 100 decide who wins a quarter of a million dollars I think I watched this video I think I like this video is that the one where they're in the boxes Al together I love the game the game theory kind of Challenge videos that he does they're sometimes painful to watch but you know I mean I'm sure he pays them for being for for even participating so anyway I like this one a lot um I I just I think the theory behind it is great I don't know if I I get it though like why are they all pointing at Mr Beast he's not playing in the challenge that's one one small nitpick I have is that he a lot of times he acts like he's in the challenge when he's not I I probably would prefer him to like be on the side maybe have a suit and then all show all the people lined up it's a little bit more accurate to the video and that's something that I found is just a good thing to do is just be accurate um so anyway a little rant I like that one a lot he just one through 100 decide who wins and they're all pointing at the guy see see this is more what I was looking for I don't know what the hell is going on in the background here don't look too closely actually you know what they did a pretty good job never mind they did a they did a pretty good job of it not a big fan of that one at all I I get what they're going for they're going for you the audience um you know typically when you make eye contact with somebody it goes a long way we're all humans we all feel a certain way when some looks Us in the eyes especially when somebody points at us um I get it but this is the most true to the game I'm going with c and no no no okay it's still in still in still got this one so we eliminated the yeah that one was not very good in my opinion oh a baby now we got a baby number number one one years old oh jeez okay one-year-old versus n again I don't I'm not a huge fan of this one so let's go this or this this or this this or this what is more entertaining you okay we ages 1 through 100 decide who wins a quarter of a million dollars I'm going with baby I think I'm going with baby I I would give him a little more drop shadow make him a little more prominent I'm going to go with baby okay we're running it again and we're running it again oh man this is tough though this is tough I went with the kid and the blindness and I got screwed for it I'm going with the baby though I got to go going with the baby baby baby bounce back bounce back from the blindest one that I still don't understand in 10 minutes this room will explode there's zeros on the clock and it still hasn't exploded yet Mr Beast you have a lot of explaining to do I would have put one second I would have put two seconds I would have put 3 seconds I would not have put zero and look there you go they know what they're doing 1 second um oh jeez that's pretty good too no no no no no no I'm sticking to my guns um it's before things happen are greater than things happening I'm going with 1 second okay I don't think I was right we have another 1 second but we have this so it looks like that one won out of that round but this is interesting um I no it's definitely not this one I can tell you that it it's this one or or that one it's this one it's it's B here yeah B wins 10 minutes this room will explode okay so starting all the way at the beginning I like that too I like that a lot it it honors what I've been saying about before things happen this has TNT written on it this does not this is also really attractive I mean look at the colors I'm going to stick with a here yep seems like a w wow they they're bringing the heat with this one okay oh there's no timer on this one I don't know if how I feel about that one this reminds me of the dark knight uh one of my favorite movies of all time I would I would go I'm going a I'm sticking with a here run again okay it's a versus this one again I guess I don't know what was was it why I don't like that one what did that one win man you're kidding what is even happening I don't know what's even happening I I don't question these results because he has so much data has more data than everybody um or sample size is that the right way to say it 2 seconds left I don't like this one I like the the analog I like the feeling of like this is probably actually in the video whereas this is not um he's got TNT in his mouth he's biting down on it versus he can't even bite on it I don't know what I'm doing dude I I'm on a weird side part of the internet here let's go to the end he's biting it and he's not biting it he's biting he's not biting it he's I'm going to go I'm going to go not biting it I mean he's he's mouthing it he's lipping it I'm going with a it's a what happened what happened in this test Mr Beast what I mean this was great clearly that lost I guess which is just hard for me to stomach I guess yeah I guess that one just lost bro I loved this one I love this one with like a 3 seconds on it I don't know whatever we're almost done here went one through 100 10 minutes I hope hope you guys got something from this subscribe maybe I'll do more of these if you want we're almost done there's a booty in my face I ubered random people in a tank oh my God okay all right all right all right cleaning it up clean it up Mr you got some Brands to take care of here um we we cannot be be having that sort of uh ubered PE random people in a tank okay I mean what are we even looking at here like you know what Mr Beast for view stats shout out view stats by the way making this video possible not not paid at all but for view stats Mr Beast can we no no there's no way we can know the percentages um normally when you run a an AB BC test you'll see the percentage watch time share for each one and like how close it is so sometimes it'll be like 50.4% versus 90 or excuse me 49.6 then other times it'll be drastic it'll be a huge uh Improvement um oh my all right all all all right oh clearly clearly clearly that who needs a chicken a bikini and an Uber app with a tank when you have that the ageold it's been around forever classic thumbnail I spent 24 hours straight in Area 51 that's his original that's really good um clearly just some color correction here um and just kind of redoing the sign maybe maybe a little AI upscaling um I mean come on dude is this I guess this is what YouTube was like in 2019 oh my god did he really do that and now we have sorry now we have this I mean be's going to win be's definitely going to win but I have to say pretty good pretty good thumbnail compared to some of the other ones solitary confinement we had fun with this one I put millions of pennies in my friend's backyard little cropped like this one just doesn't look real enough you got to like this one I got to say the colors everything about this one they did a pretty good job going back retroactively changing it $200,000 YouTuber Battle Royale 65 million subscribers what does that mean is that like a 65 million subscriber special maybe when he got 65 million subscribers um so he's trying to throw a bunch of YouTubers in a battle royale so this is a real picture and then this is oh my God this is so much better it this is just a lesson for you all take separate images and put them together don't try to force a real picture um this is this is yeah this one hits good job with that one I survived a plane crash Mr Beast what happened he surv I did not definitely did not see this one I survived a plane crash what is this video even about like this is obviously it's not real it's probably simulating like what would happen if I were to fall out of a plane or something yeah pretty subtle here um I don't know how I feel about this one to be honest he just looks bored he looks bored uninterested I much prefer this reaction like help me I'm going to drown if I don't do anything and yeah that is very clearly the winner to me I didn't eat food for 30 days we already did this one protect the yacht whoa protect the yacht keep it okay so he's going to try to destroy this yacht and then this dude right here is like no no no don't destroy my yacht I want to keep it uh H what are these supposed to be atomic bombs is that actually what happens in video I don't know what to think about this I'm going to go with this one I'm going to go with the I'm going to go with a and it seems like A1 oh interesting okay so we have saturated uh turned blue red sure then we have nobody on this which I don't like I much prefer to have a dude on there and then we have a dude on there but so this one maybe a touch more realistic I guess a little darker I'm saying a wins for sure and that is the case here guys give me some props you know kind of killing it I don't know I mean we already did this one we got this one we got this one this one I still don't fully understand we only have one or two tabs left $10,000 every day you survive in the wilderness I think I saw most of this one this was a good video um day 37 again Mr Beast pretending that he's the one playing the challenge not other people but I guess that's just what hits you know what I'm saying I guess that's just what it is we've got okay we got different kinds of bear black bear uh no bear uh day 54 $10,000 every day you survive in the wilderness what if we put money up there instead of the day have we considered that like you know $300,000 like or just put 300,000 27 $327,000 400 you know what I mean like a very precise number um yeah I mean this one is Cinematic it's beautiful it's clearly the best looking one but I'm going to say that a wins out of those and we're running the test again we're running the test again we're running the test again and a wins let's go dude I oh 137 a little bit of a chance okay I like it though it it it it tells you that you know they make it a lot further um I have two tabs left I believe this is repeat this is the last one are you ready for the last one thank you guys again for watching I hope this helped you we could talk a lot more about thumbnails I could talk about thumbnails forever we could do another Channel whatever you want to do as long as I have time um I got a little I got a spare hour today to do this so you know hopefully you enjoy it world's deadliest obstacle course whoa whoa this one's like free solo you ever see free solo that is it just makes my pal my Palms are getting sweaty we got a we got a Croc here um world's deadliest obstacle course oh man I this is probably one of the hardest ones of the entire thing that's the last one of course my gut saying this my my gut is saying this one um this is really cool it's dark it's similar to stuff that he's already done which could be a good thing I don't I tend to like the newer more unique ones I'm going to say no to this one it's a swamp it's not swamps unless you're Shrek you know what I mean nobody's like flocking right towards the swamp like I need to see what this swamp looks like in a YouTube video I'm going with B going to go with my gut here I could see though what okay so I don't know how that even works I don't like this one that much I okay I like it I like it it creates pressure it looks tough it looks a little too unnatural to me like he's just like oh I'm just strolling AC cry I might die but you know I'm just looking at the like I would like to see him a little more desperate here like a little like he's you know a little more scared maybe he's like holding on to one of them but that's that that's every single Mr Beast ABC thumbnail test props to Mr Beast I hope it didn't sound like I was roasting at all during this there's a lot of really good stuff that him and his team did I have to give them credit but there's so much to learn still we're still so early in this YouTube Journey that you know I'm sure even um you know 10 years from now we're going to look back and be like oh wow that thumbnail doesn't really you know doesn't really hold up and I think one thing to take away from this is you got to go more accurate accurate you got to go more realistic I I tend to like that I get the idea of being click baity of just shoving giant saturated colors shoving gold in your in in people's faces but I promise you this people are going to become jaded to that similar that they became jaded to the open mouth and now we're going towards the closed mouth so realistically you want to go for something that's accurate and is Honorable to the video but then you want the video to deliver on that as well you want the the video to kickass because if your video doesn't kickass none of this matters thanks for watching I've been FAL red Falcon and I hope you guys have a blessed day and a blessed weekend happy fourth to the Americans Peace Love yall

  Top Comments:
  1. @20darep [18 likes]: Bro the thumbnails on this channel funny af. U got 3 serious thumbnails and 1 goofy Mr.beast thumbnail.
  2. @highpassionstudios [8 likes]: Team mouth closed for sure. The open mouth looks way over the top most of the time. And you were really good in guessing the thumbnails overall!
  3. @benjaminx5706 [5 likes]: Would love to see you walk through the thought process of designing your own thumbnails. Keep up the great content!
  4. @brondo93 [4 likes]: An hour? Another FalcFilm let’s go!

For an actual comment about the thumbnails: personally I cannot stand the “Mr Beast style”. Ridiculously over-edited images that just lead to him/others looking uncanny valley and borderline AI generated - makes it so off putting.

That being said, it was fun to put that aside and play along with picking which one would be the winner in all these examples.
  5. @insectbah [1 likes]: I am so not the audience for this having never seen a Mr Beast video and not making thumbnails, but this was a nice chill way to spend an hour
  6. @Kat21 [1 likes]: the melee music is crazy
  7. @AntonyDigi [1 likes]: FalcFeature Film Returns
  8. @Neilious: The old videos with new faces on them are to make them more timeless I think. He's probably accounting for the fact that hel age and the thumbnails will probably change to be older Jimmy's or less defined age
  9. @Gabe-78: This was so fun to watch I really enjoyed this and the channel and content
  10. @mckoopa535: Falc, can u go live soon? Not just on red falcon but on this channel too.
  11. @supermariobrosadventuresuni: Great Video Falc
  12. @75things75: Hey Falc! I love you and your content so much. I've been watching since the latter half of the Mario Maker 2 era, and no matter how much your content has evolved, i continue to watch because of the person you are. I still really enjoy your content but i like that here you're able to take things slower and just talk more, even if i also love your modded content and your talented gameplay.

Anyway, I'm 15 and I've been editing for about 2 and a half years now. A couple of my videos have done well, with my highest having around 13k views, but my content has never really taken off and thats ok, because i dont want to be a content creator. But i would love to continue doing this on the side, and if i can, maybe make some money to support my university studies in a few years from now. So my question is, how do you get people to come back? How do you get people to click on your video, keep them engaged throughout, and get people to like and subscribe while still making the content you want? Because i've tried scripted content and it hasn't worked. I've tried gaming content with a capture card and while that was fun, my voice just doesn't work for me. I enjoy making ytp's of films because I can make them my own without having to use my voice, but aside from a few that have over 1k views (most of which being my old content which isn't as good as my new content which is annoying), most of them don't do very well. So if possible, I'd love to learn about the "algorithm" and how to get people to click on and enjoy the video.

I'm sorry this comment was so long, but I'll end by saying that no matter what happens, i will continue to watch you for the person you are. Thank you for making my days better and influencing me as a person in a positive way. You're awesome. Here's your daily smile :)

-Joshua, a 15 year old fan
  13. @Darkness78848: I love your videos

- How to make good thumbnails for YouTube - The MrBeast "Clone" Method (2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you want [snorts] to know how to make good thumbnails for YouTube using the legendary Mr. Beast clone method, you need to watch this because in 2026, AI has officially broken the design barrier. Very few people realize just how much AI has revolutionized the packaging game over the last few months. I've been using a tool called Pixels to essentially clone the psychology of the world's biggest creators. And the results have been insane. I'm talking professional [music] highCTCTR designs in minutes, not hours, without ever opening Photoshop. Before we build the design, head over to Pixels using the first link in the description. Full disclosure, that is an affiliate link, so [music] using it supports this channel at no extra cost to you. I'd recommend grabbing a plan now so you can use the persona and recreate tools I'm about to show you, because those are the actual game changers. Now, before we hit generate, we need to do one crucial thing so the AI knows exactly who the star of the thumbnail is. We're going to create your persona. Head over to the personas tab and click create. You'll want to upload about 10 [music] highquality pictures of yourself. Pro tip, don't just use the same selfie. Give the AI variety, different angles, and expressions like shocked, happy, or pointing. This takes a moment to train, but you only have to do it once. Once this is set up, you can teleport yourself into any viral layout instantly. [music] Now that your persona is ready, let's remove the guesswork. We're going to find a thumbnail that is already proven to be viral. Let's go to Mr. Beast's channel. [music] Grab a URL from a video with 100 million views and paste it into the recreate tab on pixels. Select the persona we just created [music] and hit generate. While it's processing, look at what's actually happening. The AI isn't just looking at the image. It's breaking down the underlying psychology. It identifies the high contrast focal point, the Z pattern [music] layout, and the exact saturation levels that top tier teams spend thousands of dollars testing. [music] In about 10 seconds, you've inherited a million dollar design framework featuring your face for free. Now, here is [music] the real moment of truth. Hit the compare button right here. Look at the difference. On one side, [music] you have the original viral masterpiece, and on the other, you have your brand new version with your persona perfectly integrated. It matches [music] the depth and the lighting of the original, but it's 100% unique to you. This removes all the creative anxiety [music] of wondering if your thumbnail is good. You know it works because it's built on a foundation of success. Once the design is ready, there's one last sanity check, [music] the pixel score. This is an AI powered audit that looks at your thumbnail across five pillars: [music] virality, clarity, idea, curiosity, and emotion. If your score is in the yellow, don't worry. You don't have to be a designer to fix it. Just hit this one-click fix button. [music] Watch as the AI automatically adjusts the contrast and sharpens the focal points. Once you hit that green zone, you are mathematically optimized [music] for the click. And that is how you make viral thumbnails without a design degree. If you're ready to stop guessing and start winning, click that first link in the description to [music] get started with pixels. You need a video that keeps people watching. So, check out my next video on how to edit viral videos right here to finish the job. >> [music] >> Thanks for watching and I'll see you

- How to Create YouTube Thumbnails With ChatGPT 4o (MrBeast Level): Kind: captions Language: en is this the end of YouTube thumbnail designers in this tutorial I'm going to show you how you can use chat gpt's 40 image generation to face swap thumbnails using your own head shot from popular creators just like this so be sure to stick around for the entire video and if this is your first time to the channel welcome my name is Ryan and my mission is to help you navigate the overwhelming world of artificial intelligence and if you want to know my favorite AI tools and prompts that I use for marketing and content creation be sure to get my free AI marketing Essentials guide you can find the link for this in the video description or pin comment below so before I dive in and create these thumbnails there's a few important things that you need to know number one if you want to copy what I'm going to show you I'd recommend having high quality head shot you're going to get better outputs that way and number two I'd recommend being on chat GPT plus if you're going to generate images with the 40 image generator yes you can generate images on the free plan but it's going to be very slow you're going to run out so I'd recommend getting chat GPT plus and also having high quality head shots before you start this process so in this first example I'm going to face swap myself with a YouTube thumbnail from Mr Beast so I'm just on his channel here and I'm going to find a random video to face swap myself I'm going to do this $1 versus $500,000 experiences where he's underwater so the first step is to just copy the YouTube video URL click this icon with the three dots Click Share I'm going to copy that URL and then what you should do in my opinion is you should go to a website called YouTube thumbnail downloader.com I'll leave that in the video description below paste that video URL and then you'll click download and this will give a high resolution resolution image excuse me of that YouTube thumbnail then I'm going to write click click save image as and I'm just going to name this Mr Beast so I can find it in the next step save it to to my desktop and that's that then what I'm going to do is pull up chat GPT I want to make sure that I'm on the 40 model or this process will not work then what I want to do is I want to click this line with the three dots create image now I want to upload the images so I'm going to click upload from computer let's find that uh let's find that thumbnail I just downloaded from Mr Beast then I'm also going to upload one of my head shot I took this on my phone I think it's an iPhone 15 or something it's got a higher resolution camera than my computer computer so whatever you're going to get the highest quality head shots on I'd recommend taking it with that then what you want to do is I have a prompt ready to go this is going to be a very basic one come back to chat GPT and prompt it with the following replace the face in the thumbnail with my face as exact as possible and I'm going to hit enter this is going to take a few minutes most likely so I'm going to come back after this output is complete all right so after a few minutes this is what chat GPT produced and I will say I'm not thrilled about this image especially the way that my face looks but all the other elements in this image are correct especially the background where I'm sitting my positioning so it's really just that smile and other elements of my face that look really cartoonish but again that's also probably because of the original image and the quality of the head shot that I provided that's why I said at the beginning it's super important that you provide the highest quality head shot as possible so then I said maybe you know try again it doesn't really look like my face and this was even worse in my opinion so it's trial and air with these things and I did a previous example of this as I showed you at the beginning of this video I took his thumbnail of the pyramids and I uploaded the same exact head shot same exact prompt and this is the result that I got I was blown away I think my face and just overall I look a lot more like the thumbnail generated in this example than I just showed you in this example so really it's trial and air with these things but in general I'm just giving you an idea of how you can face swap from popular thumbnails so now I'm going to show you a more practical and advanced example let's say for instance I want a thumbnail that relates to chat GPT versus Claude as that's a popular keyword or just anything related to chat GPT or Claude well let's say I like this thumbnail which has Claude AI secrets so I'm going to do the same process as I just showed you previously I'm going to copy and paste this URL I'm going to Click Share copy pull up that YouTube thumbnail downloader website paste the URL in here click download I'm going to save this to my desktop so I'm just going to name this Claud for now click save and then what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy and paste a more advanced prompt so I'm going to copy this and I will leave this in the video description below by the way I'm going to click 40 so I'm on 40 I'm going to click create an image I'm going to paste that prompt in here so this prompt reads the following replace the face in the thumbnail with my face as exact as possible exact same as the last example but here I'm adding more to it swap the Claude logo with the chat GPT logo I've attached and change the background color to Green I even gave it the exact HEX number of chat gpt's green color I said also change the text to Claude AI to chat GPT keep the original aspect ratio of the thumbnail 1920 by 1080 so now what I need to do is obviously upload everything that I just downloaded so there's that clae image the thumbnail that I downloaded I'm going to upload that head shot of me and the last thing I want to upload is an is an icon or an image of chat GPT that's going to replace this CLA icon right here so now that I have that done I'm going to click enter and then skip ahead once this is complete all right so here's the result that I got from chat GPT and again this isn't perfect especially just looking at my face but take my face out of it for a second and look at everything else about this image it's pretty Flawless actually replace the text correct L from Claude to chat GPT it replaced that green background from the orange to the green like I instructed it it also swapped out the logo of Claude to chat GPT pretty seamlessly here's the original image right here and then this is what chat GPT came up with so honestly what would make the most sense for me is probably just to remove my head shot and keep everything else upload that into canva or photoshop and maybe bring over a PNG of my head shot pointing or just doing whatever I do with those head shots versus trying to stuff in the head shot that way I try to do another image that looks even worse in my opinion with my face so then I tried a different head shot of me in a suit and this is what I got now again most of this image is Flawless except for the face element but even the suit is correct the text is correct the icon the colors are correct the dimensions are correct everything else about these images are correct it's just the the face component or like the details of my face are the only flaw that I'm finding in these outputs so overall I still am very impressed with what I'm seeing in terms of face swapping YouTube thumbnails with Chad gpt's 40 image generator now I tried the exact same thing with Google's AI Studio using Gemini uploaded my headshot this Mr Beast thumbnail and this is what I got as a result so when it comes to face swapping thumbnails or images Google's AI Studio definitely struggles with this but when it comes to actually editing one existing image this is where Google AI Studio excels I took that Mr Beast thumbnail and I said replace this person's attire with a tuxedo the reason I said this person's is I don't want to go after anything copyright so if I would have said Mr Beast I don't know it might not have generated that image correctly so it went ahead and took it from this attire to a tuxedo like I asked for pretty flawlessly so that is the benefit of using Google's AI studio is editing one particular image so that's a quick tutorial on how you could use use chat gpt's 40 image generation to face swap YouTube thumbnails and if you've made it this far into the video I truly appreciate you if you found value be sure to give me a thumbs up subscribe to the channel also leave me a comment below what are some other use cases that you guys are using this 40 image generation on I want to hear your thoughts in the comments below but most importantly I hope you all have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlexisRivera3D [3 likes]: I was testing ChatGPT yesterday for thumbnails, as long as you say keep the aspect ratio 16:9 it will work, ChatGPT doesn't recognize the exact size for 1920x1080 or 1280x720 images.
  2. @RyanDoserAI [1 likes]: 🎁 Get my FREE AI Marketing Essentials Guide - https://ai-insider-tips.ck.page/79fe0f3bb2
  3. @karansonkar2434 [1 likes]: I have been trying to use ChatGPT to swap faces in a YouTube thumbnail. Why it’s not working, even after 3 days? It puts my face in, but it doesn’t look like me at all. It’s a totally different person. What am I doing wrong?
  4. @CM-zl2jw [1 likes]: Ha!!  Excellent workflow!!   I’m using it to create food blog images based on a recipe.  

I can’t get omni to make 16:9 aspect ratio images yet but it’s a quick fix in Dzine.   Thanks Ryan!
  5. @Reina_Tikvah: The ratio is never correct, doesn't properly fill the thumbnail dimensions?
  6. @spreeryders: dont work in germany
  7. @RealAuraMoments: I have a YouTube channel for unboxing toys for American audiences helped me write the prompt.
  8. @markmark48866: i tried doing it and using your prompt. however i always get the message that chatgpt couldnt do it because of some content policy restrictions and limitations
  9. @keepitraw1: Thanks G

- FORGET Photoshop! This FREE AI Makes YouTube Thumbnails Like MrBeast: Kind: captions Language: en this AI makes thumbnails better than Photoshop Yes you heard it right it analyzes what works best for YouTube and generates eye-catching thumbnails that can help you get more views effortlessly in this video I'll show you how you can create viral thumbnails like these to boost your channel so make sure you watch the video till the end to learn how to do it this is brand from Learners and let's get started here's a quick disclaimer some of the tools shown in this video had a free plan at the time of recording however pricing might change in the future and some tools might require payment to access certain features to create a thumbnail just click the link in the description and it'll take you to this tool now click sign in and sign in with your Google account to get the thumbnail enter your video title here first let's give a video title and click run as you can see the thumbnail has been generated and it looks pretty good right now this tool gives you 10 free credits per day and each generation might take anywhere between 2 to 14 credits depending on the complexity but if you're happy with this thumbnail you can click here to download it and it'll be saved to your computer but if you want your thumbnail to look even better and make it exactly how you want you can use a prompt to give it more details so if you're not sure how to write a good prompt I've given a prompt template in the description below which you can use to get a perfect prompt from chat GPD so just copy that and paste it into CH gbd now enter your video title here then click here and it will generate the perfect prompt for you with the necessary details once you got the prompt copy it go back to this tab and paste it here then click run and as you can see this time the thumbnail is even better you can download it by clicking here okay now we got this thumbnail but what if you want to add yourself into the thumbnail you can do that with just a few clicks using an AI to swap the face so next let's see how you can swap characters in the thumbnail to do that just click the link in the tool now drag and drop your image here and then upload the thumbnail and click upload and start and that's it you can see that the face has been swapped perfectly so this is how you can create a thumbnail with AI and then add your face to download it just click here and it'll be downloaded to your computer all right so now we've seen how to generate a thumbnail and swap faces using two different AI tools but what if I told you there's one tool that that can do all this in a single place not only that you can even recreate any YouTube thumbnail in seconds to use this tool just click the link in the description if you use the link in the description you'll get access to a special offer and you can generate up to 100 thumbnails for just $1 just click try for $1 now to start using this tool let's sign in with Google and it'll take you to this page first let's generate a thumbnail so like we did before we'll get the prompt using charb I'm going to create a thumbnail for the title I found a hidden pyramid deep in the jungle no one knows about it once you've got the prompt paste it here and click generate and there it is looks amazing right you can also regenerate the thumbnail by clicking here so this is how you can generate a thumbnail using your prompt so next let's see how you can edit this thumbnail so just click here enter the changes you want I'm going to ask you to keep the text and the image in the center and click generate as you can see the thumbnail has been changed as per our request so now you know how to generate a thumbnail and then make changes to it next let's see how you can add your face to this thumbnail to add your face to this thumbnail just click here click upload file select the image you want click generate and there you go the face is swapped now to download this thumbnail just click computer let's say you found this thumbnail on YouTube which you liked and you want to create a similar thumbnail for your video so to recreate this thumbnail just go back to the tool click recreate here enter the URL of the YouTube video so let's go to YouTube get the URL of this video right click on it and click copy link address go back to this page and paste it here then select how much you want to match the original thumbnail I'm going to choose hi and if you want to make any changes you can mention them here and then click generate as you can see we've got the thumbnail similar to our reference thumbnail and you can download the thumbnail by clicking here okay so now we have successfully recreated the thumbnail so that's it guys now you know how you can create a thumbnail using AI before you go don't forget to check out gravity R for all your content writing needs and web space kit for a hassle free website creation links for both the tools are in the description below so make sure you subscribe to website Learners to see more cool videos like this one and thanks for watching I'll see you guys in the next one until then take care bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @okmasonlol [1 likes]: Really clear and easy to understand  learned something useful from this.
  2. @okmasonlol [1 likes]: Really clear breakdown and pacing  made the whole topic easy to follow.
  3. @SamNotHome [1 likes]: The way this was presented made the whole video really enjoyable to watch.
  4. @musbahuabdussalamamarawa2370 [1 likes]: Very nice and appreciate
  5. @TimeWithTheLimes [1 likes]: This is exactly what I was looking for.
  6. @TheLastThingISaw1 [1 likes]: It’s a great video
  7. @HelalMedia2.0 [1 likes]: Thanks for this always teaching us
  8. @abiodunoyeleke991 [1 likes]: Good one
  9. @WebsiteLearners: ❤ LIMITED TODAY: Get 1 Year of GravityWrite at $97 🔥
👉 Visit ➜ https://gravitywrite.com/

🔥 You're Missing Out on THIS... 🔥
✍ 1-Click SEO Blog Writer
🤖 AI Text Humanizer
📅 Social Media Scheduler
🎨 Image Generator
🎬 Video Generator
📝 AI Meetings Summariser

🎁✨ Bonus Features (If You Buy Today): ✨🎁
🌐 AI Website Builder
📺 YouTube Summariser

👉 Grab the offer here ➜ https://gravitywrite.com/

-----

🎬 Making tutorials? Skip the voiceover hassle → https://videomule.ai 
👉 Record silently, AI does the rest.
  10. @N_P85: Thanks for this, it's been very helpful.
  11. @larryolson7772: ❤ Thank you for a well made video.
  12. @AbhishekKumar-s2w3c: Jhut bola hai koi free nhi hai👎
  13. @vijaypulloor1375: Sir can i download it in 16:9 ratio??
  14. @NegiPrintClub248: Very Nice...I Subscribed You. Love from @MannuDadaMusic
  15. @AbhishekTiwari-l8f: Is it free to use
  16. @SameerMughal0005-n6i: Nice vidio
  17. @cricketgranth: Yes, now the glif app is no longer free. Quite unfortunate. Could not try before I buy. But thanks for a lovely video Bryan
  18. @culthouse8: All are paid
  19. @SnoReactsYT: The first link itself does not work. Please check
  20. @forestologist1.1: ok

- I Turned Youtuber's Thumbnails Into Horror: Kind: captions Language: en YouTube thumbnails are supposed to be bright, clickable, and friendly. So, today I'm doing the exact opposite. I've taken four of YouTube's biggest creators and turned their video thumbnails into complete horror. I'm not going to lie, a lot of these thumbnails already lean a bit horror anyway, but I think we can push them further. Nick Deioani, pretty much YouTube's biggest chef, best known for his crazy viral food challenges. There's definitely already a lot of solid options here, but I think with this laser going on and everything, we we are going to have to go with this one. I want to find a man lying down as I've got a pretty disturbing idea of what we can do. Who's going to be our unfortunate victim? You, sir. I think you should work pretty well. We'll stretch him out a bit and position him under the laser. And sorry, broki, but I'm going to get rid of your arm real quick. So, I think this burnt hole shape should work pretty well for uh my idea. Little viewer warning, I think this one's going to be a little bit gruesome. Just letting you know now. Let's get a little bit techy and use some perspective. What? Just got to match the angle, right? Something like that. Now, what's the best skin texture [music] we can use? This one's almost a little bit too good, >> boy. >> So, right now, it looks very flat, but we're about to work some magic. Vshadow should make the shirt a little bit more raised above. Okay, this is where it's going to start getting a little bit grim. Let's pop it into place. So, this time with the shadows, we're just trying to darken the center so it looks like a sort of big gaping hole. And this little cheeky highlight should hopefully give us some sort of like curved edge. Okay, cool. I think this is I think this is coming together. Although it's looking a little bit too clean. Yeah, let's go with this bad boy. Then we just got to find a good blending option. Uh I like this one. And again, we're just using some shadows and highlights to create a sort of ripped skin shine. Grim. Let's extend this laser beam down and a little red outer glow to blend it in. And this little fire image should make it a little bit more spicy. Finally, we're just going to blend these creases into his shirt so it looks a little bit more realistic. Right, let's spin off the background and bring in this creepy basement image. And I think this blood will set the scene. This is a little fun touch. I'm just adding some blood on his goggles as if they've been like splashed. And I think this blood leaking through his shirt just finishes things off quite nicely. Okay, I think we're done. And that's of course only the first thumbnail as we're still building up to Mr. Beast. So, let's move on to the next one. Ryan Treyan, pretty much the king of viral challenges and everything else. Mr. Tran has this 50 states in 50 days series. Feel like this Virginia thumbnail, we we we can do something here. And I want to stick to the theme of the video. So, we are going to incorporate Virginia somehow. Right, let's start by scrapping off these two sides. And hello, wooden horror texture. Then, we'll drag this bad boy in here. And we'll just clean it up a little. We'll bring the exposure down so it's a bit more of a nighttime setting. And I'm going to take some time just nailing this lighting as I think this is going to massively determine whether this design looks like. We'll make a 3D edge with this little cheeky light reflection. I'm fully just winging this, but I mean that kind of looks pretty cool. Okay, nice. Yeah, these shadows between the planks are looking sick. And let's just add some more light on both sides as it's a little bit too dark. So, my idea is to essentially have like this Virginia sign painted on the planks. And obviously, in real life, if there was painting this, then it wouldn't be shown in the cracks. Okay, this is looking a lot better than I thought it was going to. I'm liking this. I don't know why. Yeah, but I just feel like we need a bush just to bring in some mother nature, you know? Let's give a little gorian blur just so it's not the main focus of the design. And I think this ax will bring in that horror vibe. A little drop shadow and some color overlay. Yeah, I think we'll take that. That looks good. And of course, I think a little dash of blood is needed. Perfect. And let's make Mr. Tran here look a little bit badass and give him this scar just so it looks like he's been previously attacked. All right, I'm I'm pretty happy with this one. Let's move on to the next. Eric, best known for his crazy sneaky stunts in places where he definitely shouldn't be. So, I think we're actually just going to go with Eric's latest video as I think we can have some fun with this one. So, I'm going to mask out this wall and do the same for the other one. And instead of having a floor, I'm actually just going to pull this straight down so it looks like a sort of endless pit. So, I've been re-watching Stranger Things, right? And I kind of want to make that scene where the monsters are like climbing up the wall. Yeah, something like this. So, I think this has got the vibe we're going for. And then we'll warp it to match the angle. And the main thing that will either make or break this look is definitely the shadows. So, we're just going to make sure it's darker in the center. Don't really like these blue boxes, so let's get rid of them. This metal floor texture should look a lot better. Yeah, I think that's looking good. Okay, let's see if Invato can give us a good monster. This is This is kind of perfect. Let's just spin them around to match the angle of the wall. And these shadow effects should just make it look a bit better. I've added multiple ones, too. So, it's like Broski's pulling up with with the boys. And these red glowing eyes should make it much more creepy. Yeah, nice. Maybe they could also have some red glowing from their bellies. I like that. This blue duvet looks a bit out of place. So, instead, we'll bring in this bloodstained cloth. Definitely a little bit more fitting. And of course, let's throw on this gnarly scar on his cheek. Okay, cool. I'm pretty happy with that. I think we're done. And last, but absolutely not least, we have Mr. Beast, which I I just don't think we need an introduction. Now, there's so many obvious options here. I mean, we've got World's Biggest Trap thumbnail or his prison one. Uh, would you risk drowning? Decent, decent. Deadliest Places on Earth. There's there's so many to pick from, but we're going to stay clear of any of the easy sort of options and instead go for this 50 YouTubers fight for a million dollars one. I think this would be pretty good to do. So, let's start by just masking out the box. And we'll do this side a darker color just to still make it look like a box. Now, I want to find like some sort of frosted glass texture like this one. Let's try this. Okay. And then we'll just clip them into place. Boom. Okay. Cool. We have our box. Obviously, this blue isn't very horror. So, we're going to replace this with a red instead. Uh, I think you guys can probably guess my vision from this. So, if we place this here and softly blend it in. So, I'm basically just going to keep doing this until our box is pretty much full of people trying to escape. >> 911, what's your emergency? >> Okay, I'm pretty happy with this. I mean, happy is definitely not the right word. Let's make it a little bit more bloody and grab this texture. And with our layer mask, we'll just gently sort of dab it on. I'm thinking this box could be full of like toxic gas, so we're just going to have some smoke coming out the sides. And as Mr. Beast video is of course challengebased. I think this chain and lock outside of a cube will work pretty well. >> We just give it a few shadows for some realism. And the final piece in the composition will be Mr. Beast holding a key. But for a thumbnail, I think this key looks a little bit pathetic. So, we'll place it with this bad boy. And let's just match it up to the red lighting. And these highlights will just make that key stand out a little bit better, too. And just like that, I think we're done. I really like how this one came out. This looks sick. If you enjoyed the video, be sure to like and subscribe as I've been working on probably my best video yet and it's dropping very soon. You won't want to miss it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MicahTheJord [27 likes]: the final thumbnail was fire
  2. @hayleychapman6796 [12 likes]: MrBeast one is sick, and the way he is smiling (with the key in his hand) is just perfection 😅
  3. @designwithhugo [8 likes]: Loving the new editing style man, it’s awesome 👏🏻
  4. @imakvers [7 likes]: 6:47  title update: 50 YouTubers Fight For Their Lives
  5. @cameronmcculloch5558 [7 likes]: Not the blood stained blankie 😩
  6. @Karliesuperherokmsbo5my [5 likes]: 0:13 SPONGEBOB'S HOUSE MENTIONED?!?!?!?!
  7. @Chopsdesign [5 likes]: How are you so good!! Awesome video like always! Please make my thumbnails.
  8. @GoldenBananaUneatable [3 likes]: Underrated photoshopper
  9. @snapeyaoilover [2 likes]: 5:38 Dude forgot to remove the DeviantArt watermark
  10. @BAJSGY [2 likes]: استمر مشترك جديد❤😊
  11. @nayeemaayman5904 [1 likes]: Pls turn iOS 26 logos horror next
  12. @that.one.pursuer: Did the real owners of the thumbnail not reacted
  13. @AL3XANDERHAM: Ryan naurrrr 😭
  14. @HiChatters: W FINAL
  15. @sarahvivaanmamamapapadhendefam: More youtuve thumbnails into horoor!
  16. @ChhimiDorji-x8o: Can you do part 2
  17. @Wilderset44569: Another fire video bro
  18. @IsurusOxyrinchus-i6x: B̴̡̢͓̖͕̤̬̠͔̮̻̲̬͓̣̰̯̣̟͖͍͕̭̹͓̹̟͉̹̤̪̹͈͎̠̹̤͚̲͈͓̫͑̀̋́̐̑͠ͅi̶̛̛͉̜̩͖͚̖͔̹͖͙̥͖͕̺̩̳͙͍̱̖̘̪̮̰̬͒́͒́͆̈̂̾̎̊̑̔̈́̏̔̚̚͘g̷̨̢̧̜̫̟̰͚̙̣̘̬̜͉̬̰̬̬͔̗̥̜̻̗͉͖̰̻̹͖͉̪͕̙̗͔͖̥͙̥̯̰̘͚̤͐͐͋̉͊͂͒̈̔̇͊͌̔̐̓̈́́̀͆̀̈͐̍̒́̀̀͌͊͗̿̕̚̕͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝ ̴̙͉̿̃̎̂B̴̧̨̛͕̯̥̰͇̳̠͕͔̣͖̱͎͈̬͇̠̱͙̞̺̦̏̄̿̋͑̍͛̈́̆̔͆͌̇̍͛͗͛̽̐̄͑̈́̏̅̓̇̈́͊̀̓̃͌̅͐̉͗͘͝͝ę̷̧͎̞͎̻̰̜̪͍͜͠h̸̨̡̨͕̠̘̜̮̘͇̟̤̰̬̙̪̉͗̓͊͗̉̍͒̄̄̒͛̌̐̿̍͑̀̄͗̍̉̋̽̍͆̚̚͘̕ͅë̴̛̛̛͈̟͙̰̤́͌͊̒̊̀̍̈̈́̒̀͋̀̌̋͆̀̊̀̾̑̊͐̈̓͗̌̀̃͐̀̈͛͒̂̃̂̑͐̕͜͝͝͝m̶̧̢̧̨̭͔̝͈̫̯̪̜̹͙͎̪͙̣͍͎̳̰̠̰͎̬̰̎̑̈̈́̎̋̊̃͂̒̑̽̏̂̽͛̓̂͗̔̽͌̾͝͝͝ͅͅo̶̧̤͎͉̘̣̬̞̦̥͕̯̯̤͔̤͓̹̟͇̥͓̙̖͍̮̭̺̼̿͋̔̌̍͜ͅͅt̸̨͍̦̜̗̮̫̝͇͍̪̤̺̟̥͔̞̥̪͋̍͐͊̓͒͗͐̀́̃͂͌̊̿̋̓́͋́̔̽̋͘͜͝ͅḩ̶̢̨̨̢̢̧̛̛̱͈͕͇͕̟̲̲̰͇̲̼͚̭̝̩̺̗̹̦͍̫͉̩̫̤̲͉̮̹̪̣̪̬̘̓͊̓͑̌̒̄͆͂̽͒̌͆͒̄͂̂̀̕͝͠͝ ̷̠̹̺̯͎̲̯̯̥̳̣̞̝̞̹̘̭̗̮̹̺̪̪͉̣͇̜̲̙͕͊̾̀́̌͌̊͗̈̓̾̌̈́͋͆̓̋̊̀̊̐͂̾̀́͊͒̔̿̈́̉̎͊̓͊̅̉͑̑̾́̋̏̚͜͝͝C̵̥̖̘̀̅̈́̑̇̅̎͐h̶̨̧͙̩̥̹̍̋̍̂͛͛̊͑̀i̶̧̧͍̦͙̠̮̖̟͕̬̘̥̼̬̺̱̺̰͓͕̩͉̣̝̪̲̳͉̳̺̙̳͐c̸̨̺̲̜̠̲͕̪̠̄͂̌̃́̒̿̄̆́̇̔̀̀̀̓͝ķ̴̧̧̨̢̡̘͍̖͖͉͙̰͇̹͇̖͓̼͓̦͉̬̩̙͕̮͖͇̣̮̗̫̘̤͉̃̀͒̾̿̅͛̋̒̒͋̀̄̏̏͆̿̈́̊̅̽́͛̅̅̽͋̎͗͐̏̈̊͂̄́̄͗̑̈́̔̚̚̚͜͠ȩ̷̣̰̠̘͓̭̻̤̯̮̟̲̠̩̖͚̹̹͛n̴̢̡͇͍̺͎̩͉͐̈́̋͛́̈́̈́̅̐͊͒̚͝ ̶̢̳̥̳̙̗̗̻͚͇͕̤̥̮̳̜͕̗͚̲̹̗͓̰̺̖͕̭̀̂̋̃͜ͅG̶̢̡̢̧̡̝̠͉͍̬̜̺̮̱̖̳̱̤̩͔̗̟̪͍̮̗͍̻͔̖̜͖̖͖̬̜̞̲̜̖̝͎̼͐͜a̶̭͉̻̠̘̤͈̮̜̟̹̞̝̰͉͇̘͚̦̬͓̝̩̐̈́̎̈́̔̈́͗̽͑͊̾̔̏̂̐͑͂̌͌̐̈̍̊͋̃͌͌́̉̐͊̒͝͝͝ͅͅm̵̻̤̻̹̘̭̥͓̲̞͈͚̹̳͈͓̣̘̟̺̗̟̲̼̟͕͖̼̳̭̞̬̳̞̜̰̩͓̯̝̯̈͜͜e̷̡̛̱̘͍̜̮̲͍͖̙̳̻̪̮̐͊̀̈͗̂̍̂́̈́̉̈́̄͋̅̓̊̄̓̊̑̏͑̃͆̀̊̀̆͐͑̈́͒͑̉̅̔͂̌̍͘͝͠͝ͅs̷̢̨̢̨̫̖̠͎̞͓̺̖̳͇̗̤̺̙̥͉̩̭͇͔͕̦͓̤̖̭͔̥̣̈́̽̏̋͋̓̾̂̃͋͊̈́̏́͆̌̅̐̐̀̒̈́̉̂̓̐͐̂͂͒͊̽̆̉̄̔̂̑̉̚̚͠͠ͅ ̶̨̧̛̝̳̞̰̭̗͇͔̖͉̙̰͈̺̲̼̱̗͉͖͕̝̪̗̦͉͚͐͑͛̎̉̂͗́̉̾̃́̿͛́͜͜͠͠O̸̡̳͇̮̞͕̙̪̖͕̖̗̞̲͑̒͗͛͗̿͛̇̌́͗̌̓͗̐̋̓͂̔̍͆̑̈́̇̉́̈̓̇̌͆̊̽͗̆̈́͂̐͒͋͘̚̚̚̚͝͝͝ͅn̷̡̨̧̛̹̤̫̙̥̰̹͔͖̦̭̬̬͚̬̺̘͎̙̹̯͉̬̜̎͋́̋͑̍̊͒̂͛̓̏̑̆̀͌̑̍̐̈́̿̂͜ ̵̨̧̧̢̧̢̛̛̦͙̪̝̬̫̙̘̩̳̻͔̮̤̝̖̼͔̖̫̫̬͍̬̹̰̘̟̰͉̱̼͈͕͉̩͈̑̑̅́͛̊̿̒̓͆͐̓͒̇̈̀̈̌̃̓̔̆̈́͋̔̀͑͒͋̕̚̚̕͝ͅŚ̸̢̧̨̢̟̰͎̰̟͉̬̜̬̣̮͔̰̞͖̱̲̳̪̘̺̥͉̖̫̤̤̞͈͓͎̩̗̞̼̩̮̓̋̀̊̈́̈͊̈̌̅̓̄̚͝ͅͅa̴̢̡̧̛̗̤̝̼̻̦̭̬͎͎̘͖͖̪̱̭̗̯̰̳̫̳̫͗̏̇͒̍̀̍̃̒͋͆͆̃̃̽̅̎̅̈́͌́̈̑̄̎͗̎̀͂̇̑͘̚͘͜͜͠͠͝͝l̷̤̠̞͆͐͑̏̊̐͊̽͆̈̑̃̃̐̈́̅̏̚̕̚͠è̸̢̧̧̨͍͖̦̲͙̠̭̲̺̼̜̩̰̩͍̳̻͎̣̗̙̭̫̖̗̝͙͉̲̙̍͐͗̿́̓̈́̈́̍̔̄̐̆͘ ̴̨̢̥̪͔̰̺̯͓̟̫͖̺̘̺̮̻͎̳͔̟̮̪͖̝͈͇͕͙̺̪̼̠̟̳̖̹̉͛̽́̔́̓͑̀̋̓͐̋̄̌̿̚͝͝ͅͅB̴̡̢͓̖͕̤̬̠͔̮̻̲̬͓̣̰̯̣̟͖͍͕̭̹͓̹̟͉̹̤̪̹͈͎̠̹̤͚̲͈͓̫͑̀̋́̐̑͠ͅi̶̛̛͉̜̩͖͚̖͔̹͖͙̥͖͕̺̩̳͙͍̱̖̘̪̮̰̬͒́͒́͆̈̂̾̎̊̑̔̈́̏̔̚̚͘g̷̨̢̧̜̫̟̰͚̙̣̘̬̜͉̬̰̬̬͔̗̥̜̻̗͉͖̰̻̹͖͉̪͕̙̗͔͖̥͙̥̯̰̘͚̤͐͐͋̉͊͂͒̈̔̇͊͌̔̐̓̈́́̀͆̀̈͐̍̒́̀̀͌͊͗̿̕̚̕͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝ ̴̙͉̿̃̎̂B̴̧̨̛͕̯̥̰͇̳̠͕͔̣͖̱͎͈̬͇̠̱͙̞̺̦̏̄̿̋͑̍͛̈́̆̔͆͌̇̍͛͗͛̽̐̄͑̈́̏̅̓̇̈́͊̀̓̃͌̅͐̉͗͘͝͝ę̷̧͎̞͎̻̰̜̪͍͜͠h̸̨̡̨͕̠̘̜̮̘͇̟̤̰̬̙̪̉͗̓͊͗̉̍͒̄̄̒͛̌̐̿̍͑̀̄͗̍̉̋̽̍͆̚̚͘̕ͅë̴̛̛̛͈̟͙̰̤́͌͊̒̊̀̍̈̈́̒̀͋̀̌̋͆̀̊̀̾̑̊͐̈̓͗̌̀̃͐̀̈͛͒̂̃̂̑͐̕͜͝͝͝m̶̧̢̧̨̭͔̝͈̫̯̪̜̹͙͎̪͙̣͍͎̳̰̠̰͎̬̰̎̑̈̈́̎̋̊̃͂̒̑̽̏̂̽͛̓̂͗̔̽͌̾͝͝͝ͅͅo̶̧̤͎͉̘̣̬̞̦̥͕̯̯̤͔̤͓̹̟͇̥͓̙̖͍̮̭̺̼̿͋̔̌̍͜ͅͅt̸̨͍̦̜̗̮̫̝͇͍̪̤̺̟̥͔̞̥̪͋̍͐͊̓͒͗͐̀́̃͂͌̊̿̋̓́͋́̔̽̋͘͜͝ͅḩ̶̢̨̨̢̢̧̛̛̱͈͕͇͕̟̲̲̰͇̲̼͚̭̝̩̺̗̹̦͍̫͉̩̫̤̲͉̮̹̪̣̪̬̘̓͊̓͑̌̒̄͆͂̽͒̌͆͒̄͂̂̀̕͝͠͝ ̷̠̹̺̯͎̲̯̯̥̳̣̞̝̞̹̘̭̗̮̹̺̪̪͉̣͇̜̲̙͕͊̾̀́̌͌̊͗̈̓̾̌̈́͋͆̓̋̊̀̊̐͂̾̀́͊͒̔̿̈́̉̎͊̓͊̅̉͑̑̾́̋̏̚͜͝͝C̵̥̖̘̀̅̈́̑̇̅̎͐h̶̨̧͙̩̥̹̍̋̍̂͛͛̊͑̀i̶̧̧͍̦͙̠̮̖̟͕̬̘̥̼̬̺̱̺̰͓͕̩͉̣̝̪̲̳͉̳̺̙̳͐c̸̨̺̲̜̠̲͕̪̠̄͂̌̃́̒̿̄̆́̇̔̀̀̀̓͝ķ̴̧̧̨̢̡̘͍̖͖͉͙̰͇̹͇̖͓̼͓̦͉̬̩̙͕̮͖͇̣̮̗̫̘̤͉̃̀͒̾̿̅͛̋̒̒͋̀̄̏̏͆̿̈́̊̅̽́͛̅̅̽͋̎͗͐̏̈̊͂̄́̄͗̑̈́̔̚̚̚͜͠ȩ̷̣̰̠̘͓̭̻̤̯̮̟̲̠̩̖͚̹̹͛n̴̢̡͇͍̺͎̩͉͐̈́̋͛́̈́̈́̅̐͊͒̚͝ ̶̢̳̥̳̙̗̗̻͚͇͕̤̥̮̳̜͕̗͚̲̹̗͓̰̺̖͕̭̀̂̋̃͜ͅG̶̢̡̢̧̡̝̠͉͍̬̜̺̮̱̖̳̱̤̩͔̗̟̪͍̮̗͍̻͔̖̜͖̖͖̬̜̞̲̜̖̝͎̼͐͜a̶̭͉̻̠̘̤͈̮̜̟̹̞̝̰͉͇̘͚̦̬͓̝̩̐̈́̎̈́̔̈́͗̽͑͊̾̔̏̂̐͑͂̌͌̐̈̍̊͋̃͌͌́̉̐͊̒͝͝͝ͅͅm̵̻̤̻̹̘̭̥͓̲̞͈͚̹̳͈͓̣̘̟̺̗̟̲̼̟͕͖̼̳̭̞̬̳̞̜̰̩͓̯̝̯̈͜͜e̷̡̛̱̘͍̜̮̲͍͖̙̳̻̪̮̐͊̀̈͗̂̍̂́̈́̉̈́̄͋̅̓̊̄̓̊̑̏͑̃͆̀̊̀̆͐͑̈́͒͑̉̅̔͂̌̍͘͝͠͝ͅs̷̢̨̢̨̫̖̠͎̞͓̺̖̳͇̗̤̺̙̥͉̩̭͇͔͕̦͓̤̖̭͔̥̣̈́̽̏̋͋̓̾̂̃͋͊̈́̏́͆̌̅̐̐̀̒̈́̉̂̓̐͐̂͂͒͊̽̆̉̄̔̂̑̉̚̚͠͠ͅ ̶̨̧̛̝̳̞̰̭̗͇͔̖͉̙̰͈̺̲̼̱̗͉͖͕̝̪̗̦͉͚͐͑͛̎̉̂͗́̉̾̃́̿͛́͜͜͠͠O̸̡̳͇̮̞͕̙̪̖͕̖̗̞̲͑̒͗͛͗̿͛̇̌́͗̌̓͗̐̋̓͂̔̍͆̑̈́̇̉́̈̓̇̌͆̊̽͗̆̈́͂̐͒͋͘̚̚̚̚͝͝͝ͅn̷̡̨̧̛̹̤̫̙̥̰̹͔͖̦̭̬̬͚̬̺̘͎̙̹̯͉̬̜̎͋́̋͑̍̊͒̂͛̓̏̑̆̀͌̑̍̐̈́̿̂͜ ̵̨̧̧̢̧̢̛̛̦͙̪̝̬̫̙̘̩̳̻͔̮̤̝̖̼͔̖̫̫̬͍̬̹̰̘̟̰͉̱̼͈͕͉̩͈̑̑̅́͛̊̿̒̓͆͐̓͒̇̈̀̈̌̃̓̔̆̈́͋̔̀͑͒͋̕̚̚̕͝ͅŚ̸̢̧̨̢̟̰͎̰̟͉̬̜̬̣̮͔̰̞͖̱̲̳̪̘̺̥͉̖̫̤̤̞͈͓͎̩̗̞̼̩̮̓̋̀̊̈́̈͊̈̌̅̓̄̚͝ͅͅa̴̢̡̧̛̗̤̝̼̻̦̭̬͎͎̘͖͖̪̱̭̗̯̰̳̫̳̫͗̏̇͒̍̀̍̃̒͋͆͆̃̃̽̅̎̅̈́͌́̈̑̄̎͗̎̀͂̇̑͘̚͘͜͜͠͠͝͝l̷̤̠̞͆͐͑̏̊̐͊̽͆̈̑̃̃̐̈́̅̏̚̕̚͠è̸̢̧̧̨͍͖̦̲͙̠̭̲̺̼̜̩̰̩͍̳̻͎̣̗̙̭̫̖̗̝͙͉̲̙̍͐͗̿́̓̈́̈́̍̔̄̐̆͘ ̴̨̢̥̪͔̰̺̯͓̟̫͖̺̘̺̮̻͎̳͔̟̮̪͖̝͈͇͕͙̺̪̼̠̟̳̖̹̉͛̽́̔́̓͑̀̋̓͐̋̄̌̿̚͝͝ͅͅ

- Why Do I Use MrBeast Style Thumbnails For My Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Dude, I So, I tried to watch GenV last night, right? The the new season of the uh the the boys, I guess. Well, it's kind of like the spin-off. And I loaded up my Amazon account to watch it cuz I have Prime cuz, you know, I I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] need need to Door Dash, not Door Dash, next day delivery, everything. And I open it up and I'm playing it and halfway through this goddamn episode, an ad starts playing an ad. Bro, I thought I paid for Prime. And then I was like, what is happening? Why is there an ad? And then then they hit me with the Oh, by the way, do you want to pay 400 more yen to watch ad free viewing of Prime? Like, bro, honor, am I not already paying for this? What is this? I got to pay for Prime Plus. So, I closed it and I just went I just went and like loaded up another site. I was like, this. I'll watch it. I'm I don't care if I'm paying for that. I'm noting watching it with an ad. Goding damn it. I was like, this like this is awful. I I pay for half the service. I don't even want to use it. We released our um Plants vs. Zombies video yesterday as well on the Connor channel and it's doing so well, dude. Bro, the people love Plants Versus Zombies. The people the people yearn for Plants Versus Zombies. I guess I have to play Plants vs. Zombies, too. I guess I got to play it, chat. It was so fun. Well, apparently someone was telling me there is like a com Someone emailed me and was like, "Hey, I'm an I'm an avid Plants Versus Zombies fan. there is a mod that it basically remakes all of two into being a good game and I was like I'm like I don't know at that point is it is it can is I still play it like apparently there is some kind of insane mod or something. I love your art thumbnails. Why do you do the Mr. Beast thumbnail style? That's a great question. So sometimes the video that's a very good question. It is it is a a an evil of YouTube. I agree. So some some yeah some videos we do you know this kind of thumbnail sometimes we do this. It really kind of depends on what the content is. I think we'd always prefer to use the drawn ones, but sometimes it kind of fits the the video more to have people in the in the thumbnail and not not it being drawn. But for the games, we kind of strictly keep it drawn and then sometimes we do like a little a mix, you know, but we we try to do mostly drawn when possible. But sometimes it just ends up being the case. And sometimes we've even put them against each other. We put drawn versus like the Mr. Beast style, and sometimes the Mr. Beast style one wins, and that's kind of depressing. But it says a lot about society. I mean, it is tragic if you have like a beautiful art piece against like, you know, this kind of style and then this one wins. It's like I mean, at that point, it's like, what can we do? What can we do? Sometimes the SEO determines. Uh, but the the I like I like I mean, obviously I prefer the thumbnail art ones 100%. It's not even close, but some people just won't click it. SEO mentioned. Yeah, it's the weird faces. I mean, yeah. I don't know. I don't know why. I don't even know where the half these images come from. I don't even remember taking these pictures. Like, I have no recollection. I'm pretty sure an AI could do my job at this point. I'm like, just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up my face a little bit every time. And then obviously YouTube's changed their algo. They've they've done a little bit of shenanigans and so the longer videos that people used to watch on desktop, people don't really watch them anymore. On desktop doesn't really count. So that's been a frustrating thing for us to navigate because we would like people to watch the videos, you know, ideally that would be nice, but YouTube is not counting any views where people watch ad block. So it is So basically like most desktop users cuz I I mean look, you should not watch YouTube with that ad block on. I mean quite frankly it is is practically unwashable. I watch it all on TV. I think it counts TV. I I don't know. It's do it's doing some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's doing some weird [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll turn it off just for you. You don't got to do that, man. In an ideal world, I like YouTube Premium is great. I love it. But understandably, it is expensive and obviously not everyone can afford it, but I mean, YouTube Premium makes YouTube actually so good to watch. And I use YouTube Music a lot. So, I I always I'm always showing it. It made me uh quit playing quit paying for Spotify. I Spotify was so ass comparatively, I feel like, too. You think the pricing is pretty fair? I can't remember what, but I know they raised the price on me. And I think I still have my I'm still paying the British pound subscription cost, which I think is like the most expensive one, cuz of course it is. The the UK prices you get so shafted, you end up paying more than the the the US dollar half the time. Like by but it's not even close. Used to be fat straight ridiculous. I don't know what I'm paying right now. Is there a way I can see? Is there a way I can see? Let's have a look. Um your premium benefits. What's this say? Add free videos. 5,000 hours and I've downloaded 1300 videos. I've listened to 700 hours of YouTube music. Okay, thanks for that. How much am I paying for this thing though? That's what I'm trying to find out. I am paying £13 a month for YouTube. Am I paying I'm still paying? Am I doing I'm doing monthly. Is there a yearly one that I should do? I'm getting shafted. Oh my god. That's 13 more than you should. You pay, you got the student discount. God damn it. They're getting us hooked. They're getting us hooked because in Japan the I pay like Prime is so cheap in Japan and I remember it was a lot more expensive in the UK. I think in in Japan I think it's like 6,000 yen or a year or 5,600 which is like 20 something pounds. Like it's ridiculous. 28.

  Top Comments:
  1. @isaacphillips2002 [5 likes]: As someone that watches cdawg now and then and doesnt watch mr beast slop or related slop, i actually watched the plants vs zombies mainly becaise i know the game so it was just chill to watch in the background. He mainly plans games im not intrested in. So that could be why it normy farmed.
  2. @jojoyxd [4 likes]: I dont think it's the thumbnail. PVZ is just a really fun game to watch.
  3. @micryt. [1 likes]: I wouldn't trust A/B testing of thumbnails that much. If the slop thumbnail has 10%, or even 20%, more clicks, it doesn't necessarily mean it's actually all that better. The reason being, many of your viewers will click on the video regardless of the thumbnail, so the slop thumbnail might have been clicked a bit more completely by chance. Many times I've seen a video with a good thumbnail, and I wanted to watch it, but decided to do it later. When I click on it later, it has the slop thumbnail, and now it counts as a point for that thumbnail, even though the good thumbnail convinced me to click it initially.

If the difference is above 20%, only then would I take it into account. Also, point against what Connor is saying that the video performs better. It's for sure not thanks to the thumbnail. Vod of the stream is one of the best performing videos on the VOD channel in recent times, and that VOD has a basic thumbnail. It's purely about the game.
  4. @wchan39 [1 likes]: Oh. I was wondering why there's so many 'MrBeast video' recommended to me...and I absolutely ignored them.
  5. @androognoix1685 [1 likes]: Mr beast did not invent this style, he wasn’t even the first popularizer of it
  6. @akumuryuu [1 likes]: Are those called Mr Beast style now? Wasn't it kinda like every youtuber did like 10 years ago?
  7. @Gale42: I'll maybe get premium once I get a job (uni student)
  8. @R0yalBunny: I havent watched a bunch of videos that have that thumbnail but im the minority i guess
  9. @HunterAllyn: It's almost like Mr. Beast put years of research and development into perfecting what people would click on when presented with a thumbnail. Obviously it's going to work better. I'm no Mr. Beast apologist, but he understands YouTube statistics
  10. @Jack93885: I find this slop more artistically ruinous and aesthetically averse than the use of AI models that are used to turn scripts into voice lines. 

Id rather see AI employed to make art I enjoy than humans used to make art that feeds the AIgorithm. F*** making things for the lowest common denominator, make art you like and hope it attracts an audience.

Or say screw artistic integrity and just do what makes the most money.
  11. @njcheddar: idk if this is unpopular but i really dgaf what the thumbail looked like, I know conner so ik i'll enjoy the content.
  12. @S3verance: Turned off adblocker just now, i have premium so it doesnt make a difference but youtube might not care and stop counting my views anyway.
  13. @wchan39: Oh. I was wondering why there's so many 'MrBeast video' recommended to me...and I absolutely ignored them.
  14. @nikolanb99: Its a very good mod for PVZ 2. I would love to see you playing it
  15. @Venusaurrules0941: Ill give you your ad rev connor
  16. @greed-1914: I am reminded of a website I used to visit that explained why its articles started having such click bait titles.  Answer: it worked.
  17. @moroncosmin: didn't watch the video yet, but I just wanna say I sometimes don't click on your vids because of them
  18. @Barbatos-ImFineThankYou: Definitely recommend PVZ FUSION Absolute good pain for connor
  19. @SirDarkon: ngl i dont watch that video because of the thumbnail..just use the usual art thumbnail
  20. @Pit31415: Hey Connair there's also a PvZ1 mod called Fusion if you're interested. It's kind of hard to download because it's made by a group of chinese pvz fans, but it's peak.

- MrBeast Squid Game, but it’s low budget: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys today i just recreated the entire split game set and in this video we will have 4.56 players competing for 456 million air molecules wow that's a lot of h2o bro in the first game we have red light green light green light red light [Music] oh did he just move because we don't have any nerf guns i guess we gotta shoot him wait what in the next game we have dagnab that each player will be given a honeycomb and you already know the rules how do you play that game yo okay so what i'm doing i try to be very precise okay first of all this is an oreo cookie not a honeycomb i'm very offended like like like like what am i doing with my life oh okay and second of all i'm the only woman here like so i'm like like like yo yeah let's get it can i die now the last game we're going to play is musical chairs and whoever wins this round will win 456 million air molecules i am genuinely excited cue the intense music oh i gotta manually do it okay make sure to join one section goodbye thanks for watching low iq paper right now i require it make sure to dislike and share with your pet rock i am

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nyan-673AndDylan [12 likes]: 0:59 can I die now :D, GOT ME DYING 💀
  2. @LiamSoHandsomeAndCool [11 likes]: 0:31 I CANT STOP LAUGHING😂
  3. @LilNikkigonplay [5 likes]: 0:59 can i die now 😂😂😂 got me
  4. @ahmadmapping15 [1 likes]: bro at the end got me(its the toppest funniest end meme pin)🤣🤣
  5. @Sirducklingsworth [1 likes]: 0:59 can I die now?😊🤔😁
  6. @liam232_stc [1 likes]: The person randomly speaking Chinese was way too funny to me
  7. @floppastxrr [1 likes]: mak sure to dislik and shaer with paet roeck
  8. @Waterthatiswet [1 likes]: Don’t you guys have water guns?
  9. @elveera1 [1 likes]: Yeah this is not squid game, prob octopus challenge
  10. @Rashed-t5t [1 likes]: i learned chinesse just to know what is the curses word (btw iam bad at english)
  11. @JoelGaribay-l8e: 6.7k
  12. @TrevG-jh6kv: This getting recommended 3 years later
  13. @sophisticatedphilistine: FU, not unsubscribing!
  14. @JAMILKEYAAN: How to pronounce “Dalgona”:
Dal-go-na
  15. @misskingii: Why was he so close to the screen 😭🤣
  16. @F33lix_ytz: Œæß
  17. @GardenHose24: Erm actually there is no such thing as air molecules because air is made of of separate molecules of water, carbon dioxide, oxygen, nitrogen, ect., which are all in the gas phase. And either way, 456 molecules of anything is so small it's impossible to see and won't do much if you try to interact with it. 🤓🤓🤓
  18. @evieyourfish: Its been years since someone has been so so so close to the screen in front of my face 😓
  19. @Tacoguy0000: 4.56 people is crazy
  20. @superyoshlord_and_swrred2020: should have not filtered the "swearing in Chinese" part. 

Do not press read more pls


i totally dont know Chinese and im totally not chinese. nevermind

- MrBeast's has Secret YouTube Channels: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay so you stumbled across mr beast5998 whatever you do do not i repeat do not click on mr beast 5997 do not do not click do not stop go back to b6000 stop stop stop stop know what i'm i'm willing to forgive you for all your past offenses but do not whatever you do do not click on this channel this is the last ship this is the last warning if you click on it now just whatever you do don't click on it okay just don't don't please please please please don't you

  Top Comments:
  1. @AureonOfficiall [3 likes]: Give credit to  Timeworks  JUST SAYING `dont hate me for this` https://youtu.be/EJsKsbDpbbk
  2. @retrocysper3709 [3 likes]: Mr.Beast Extra is the channel that Timeworks haven't found yet.
But nice find.
  3. @elvinxspro7164 [1 likes]: cool
  4. @ashrafnasrallah4790 [1 likes]: From the zoo lmao
  5. @bidilz [1 likes]: hey u watch drew binsky aswell?
  6. @_peter541 [1 likes]: Bro I have a big problem some dude is saying that he “exposed”me just take a look https://youtu.be/eJA9cwZp-Fc
  7. @dom_xz111 [1 likes]: Yes
  8. @parrotd2402: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC68DIXWCmetC8N5J_Kc5gjQ thank me later
  9. @baconhair5027: from me at zoo
  10. @YoshiRantsAndSalutesChannel: I know that

- [This video is Endless]: Kind: captions Language: en here is a challenge for you this video is endless so i want you to comment how many times you watched this video oh and before i forget

  Top Comments:
  1. @InsertBruh [946 likes]: 2026 = 2016

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5FPIUv7DJo
  2. @eren-theeditor [1 likes]: It doesn't repeat for me
  3. @Willilovetofly: 1 time
  4. @dartrix_v2.0: 1
  5. @0806CatNap: CLICKBAIT
  6. @justagooberlol: 1
  7. @Jesse-o2l7p: 1
  8. @ooohdraft: ein mal
  9. @AlexAmaldonadorivera071: 67676767 times
  10. @Reaper007-AU8: I watched it a total of one time
  11. @bladeevans1234: 1
  12. @Arlong-l9y5d: 9s
  13. @DemonHunteri: Hh
  14. @saqibhussain8005: gtrh
  15. @The_real_wa: 1 time
  16. @RandomGuy-t7o: 13,651,200 times
  17. @DanielAngeloCagang: You have to loop the video if its endless
  18. @jollibee67-7: One
  19. @x_.Yuri._x: Uhhh, it ended, so it’s not endless.
  20. @Ecliptz78: 1 time

- Why I Add Thumbnail?: Kind: captions Language: bn VideoGamesGameplays

  Top Comments:
  1. @TamannaAlam-o1x [1 likes]: FARDIN ❤❤❤
  2. @qryeast9000: This is my first comment on this video SO REPLY FOR A COMMENTS :p

- Why Does This Video Have No Thumbnail?: Kind: captions Language: en so you're probably wondering why does this video not have a thumbnail and to be honest I'm still trying to figure that out why does this video not have a thumbnail is it because I'm out of ideas and don't have any other videos to make no because if I needed an idea for a video I could just make how much money does PewDiePie make part six so I'm not making this because I'm out of ideas but why am I making it then why does this video have no thumbnail is it because the thumbnail typically represents what the video is about and this video is essentially about nothing did I put no thumbnail on this video because there's no point to this video no because I actually do have a point behind this video the point of this video is to see how much of your time I can waste you see you only get one life and I want to see how much of that life I can make you waste on a pointless video or maybe I have a secret I want to tell people and I don't want all my subscribers to know so I'm trying to act like there's no point so you'll click off and only a few people will hear what I want to say I mean seriously why are you still watching this video you do realize there are millions of other videos and dozens of things in real life you could be doing but you're still watching this video I've said multiple times there's no point to this video or maybe there is a point but is it really worth watching to see now maybe the point of this video is to answer the title why is there no thumbnail in the video and essentially I already answered that there's no thumbnail because the thumbnail represents the video and there's no point to this video so I put no thumbnail or maybe I just wanted to trick you and make you think that and believe that there's no point so you'll click off before I actually get to the real point of why there's no thumbnail on this video you do realize every second that goes by that's another second you'll never get back are you really going to keep wasting your time watching this video just for a chance of something actually being at the end of this video I mean whatever it's your life you can keep watching I mean I've already told you there's no point to the video but you know you just don't have anything better to do essentially you have no friends then you can keep watching the video for the slim chance that there's actually a point to the video although there might not be a point and you might just be wasting your time cuz maybe the point of the video is to see how much of your time I can waste or maybe the point is to make you think that's the point seriously are you willing to keep watching this video Even though there's a chance that there could be no meaning behind this video you truly must have no friends if you can waste all this time watching a video with no point all right I'm pleased to say you passed the test everything I said before was just to deter my unloyal subscribers from hearing the real point of this video you see the reason this video doesn't have a thumbnail is [Music] because be M oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @ronsen602 [2 likes]: 2026 anyone?
  2. @jeevanzhiyisong [1 likes]: I am still watching this video after watching BeastGame2. ^_^ Am I wasting my time?
  3. @airbus_A321_neo_plen: A
  4. @Goku_mui-pk: Those in 2026
  5. @4C4CX7: The video doesn't even have a hand!
  6. @GauravKhatkale: 2026
  7. @thegoldeneightfamily7107: There's nobody from 2025
  8. @ripleysticks1gaming268: wow one day before i was born
  9. @Awais-t2p: Good 👍👍👍👍👍
  10. @AayanBoss-v6v: 😊😊
  11. @T81991: Thanks you bro to this review
  12. @doublerr2096: 👋
  13. @momsbumper2: Last commenter
  14. @Nancho_bc: El secreto de este tipo fue la costancia todo los dias subia videos incleible
  15. @Sayker34: Last person to ever see this 😭✌️
  16. @ShortFlicksStudio-g4d: For so reason I loooove this video
  17. @ve4bg: Yo
  18. @NrLikhon: after 9 years, I'm watching this!
  19. @EPIC_DRAGONSs: 1:31 So when do bro become a psychologist
  20. @EPIC_DRAGONSs: 0:33 umm the laptop

- Why Are MrBeast Thumbnails Creepy?: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to another video room today I wanted to talk about Mr Beast I personally don't watch Mr Beast all that often I think his content is a bit too fastpaced a bit too edited for what I normally like to watch obviously it's designed that way for a reason it's to keep people entertained make people keep their keep the viewer retention make sure they don't click off the video he and his team know exactly how to make a video every element of the videos the thumbnails the editing is crafted to make people want to keep watching and while some people like me are not going to be too interested in that kind of content it well it clearly works cuz he's got over 300 million subscribers first of all I remember checking his sub count recently and he only just passed PewDiePie wasn't that like last year I maybe it's been longer maybe I've lost track of time PewDiePie was the biggest channel for about 10 years but I don't think anybody will beat Mr Beast forever I know Mr Beast isn't like a solo Creator anymore he's got hundreds of people working with him but still he used to be the only person making his videos and he's still the face of the whole thing anyway what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I talking about today well I'm talking about his thumbnails because again they they're good like they're crafted in a way that you know make people want to click on the video he makes hundreds of different versions before a video goes out and every 10 minutes he seems to change them see which ones have good statistics and how many people are watching and then he'll stick with that the thumbnails they make get the job done they bring people to the video however they can't kind of creepy like have you ever just looked at a Mr Beast thumbnail and thought something seems off here let me know if you feel the same way about this but I get like an uncanny feeling from his thumbnails like it's him in every single one of them but they're so oversimplified to appeal to so many people and it all of a sudden now doesn't feel real even though I recognize him I built 100 houses and gave them away that is an outdoor backrooms I I imagine if I was in that location in the thumbnail it would just be infinite grass blue sky and houses exactly like that which isn't the worst place to be but I think if I was there I would just encounter nothing but infinite grass I could run forever and I would just be in the same location that's the feeling I get from this and even the the facial expression on Mr Beast like is that edited it could just be a picture of him for all I know but even even he looks to be oversimplified like the facial features might be uh edited to to make them stand out more nah man like this what this is the feeling that I'm talking about the thumbnail is good it's very clear before after and Mr Beast standing there smiling about the thing what he's done you know he does genuinely great things in his videos I'm not hating on Mr Beast I just think his thumbnails are a bit creepy that's all world's deadliest obstacle course aside from the fact that he's playing an in real life version of Road to Nowhere from Crash bandic the proportions are looking a bit odd here he he looks so small on this gigantic bridge and I I know exactly why you can tell just to fit fit the whole body in to make to make it very clear in the thumbnail I think I know why um the the thumbnails seem so weird cuz aside from him being edited everything else is made to be as clear as possible and there's not much going on except for what you need to know like you have this bridge here and you just have a background and him that's it ages 1 to 100 fight for $500,000 these ones are always the most creepy you know the ones where he's got hundreds of people to participate in the video and it's just him and a bunch of other random people glaring into the camera in an endless void like bro there is nothing in that the that location if I know clipped into that location there there would be nothing there I'm telling you right now there was nothing in that world I bought the world's largest Mystery Box $500,000 like bro where is this this is the Windows XP background where is this being recorded now one thing I want to say is that it's not just Mr Beast thumbnails it's also all of his clones like there's plenty of people on YouTube that imitate his exact style of content including the thumbnails people that probably study his videos to try and replicate his views and there's actually quite a lot of successful ones I don't I can't name any cuz I don't watch any of them you know I'll just see them pop up sometimes and you can tell that they're editing is definitely influenced by Mr Beast and they use the same exact techniques in the thumbnails I think the things he does in his videos are cool like they definitely it's not clickbait or anything most of the time you'll actually get what you click on the video because well to be fair I think he's one of the only people that can actually do that he's one of the only people that can make a crazy thumbnail and then actually deliver something similar to what you see in there you know when you go into one of those editing apps and you can select you can give yourself a beard you can make yourself smile I think that's the vibe I get from these cuz you can take a picture of you crying looking incredibly depressed and edit on a smile full perfect pearly white teeth but it isn't going to look natural if the rest of your face didn't look like it was smiling to begin with these extreme Challenge with videos are the ones where you can clearly see the uh I don't know the edited like tired circles around their eyes I don't know I think these thumbnails again they do a great job but every time I see one he's either in the void he's just in an endless void or he just doesn't look real for some reason $10,000 every day you survive in a grocery store but that being said that is going to be it for this video please tell me I'm not the only one that gets that uncanny feeling from his thumbnails me personally I'm more into thumbnails like moist criticals uh well they're not actually created they're just autogenerated from YouTube but whether they look creepy or not no one can deny that well he or whoever designs his thumbnails knows what they're doing but that being said thank you for watching I hope you all enjoyed definitely subscribe if you're new here and I will see you all in my next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PolarSaurusRex [410 likes]: of course the thumbnail smile is edited my actual teeth are way more british
  2. @TheObjectStar75 [2 likes]: Bro MrBeast Ruined All YouTubers Thumbnails Change My Mind
  3. @sidfromtoystory7363 [2 likes]: bro turned into darth vader at 5:18
  4. @LajosGyörgyMészáros [1 likes]: "Welcome back to another video, Rom" - who's Rom?
  5. @michaelweber1921 [1 likes]: It's his face. The dead eyes and forced fake smile.
  6. @anova5237 [1 likes]: His thumbnails reminds me of this animation https://youtu.be/0UgiJPnwtQU?si=qtEU5VexStGR7fIV
  7. @mickynick9888 [1 likes]: Im glad im not the only one who noticed this also when he slile his eyes dont squint or anything very weird
  8. @zacshac [1 likes]: God damn dude the like/dislike ratio is insane keep up the good work!
  9. @jakegaming-vg7rk: I think Mr Beast is thumbnails look weird
  10. @Yoggypapvid: My new video explores how MrBeast’s thumbnail evolution changed YouTube
  11. @AlexByrnes: I’m glad somebody else noticed
  12. @unkown34x33: unfortunately most kids nowadays likes this type of  this thumbnails... but it's creepy as well! maybe kids will understand that. and the greedy adults... watches it because of the money
  13. @NowhereNothing-RK9: Something something, Smile movie.
  14. @smthnew861: I literally searched for this! It's so creepy
  15. @AnonBinary123: It's a pasty thumbnail...It's just not interesting
  16. @account-pi3nj: lewis is handsome
  17. @projectheem9430: I swear I thought I was the only one
  18. @HawmiOrHami: Creepy
  19. @DarthVader77-j1c: You is he dead or something
  20. @TheTehniga: These thumbnails reminds me of the fake ads
He may be winning in numbers, but unfortunately he lost the internet

- I Analyzed 1,000 MrBeast Thumbnails (Here’s the Secret): Kind: captions Language: en Frustrated with low CTR because your thumbnails just don't get clicks? Don't worry. This best AI thumbnail generator can help you create viral looking thumbnails that can boost your CTR from 3% to 13% even if you've got no Photoshop or design skills, right? Well, what if I told you that you can create viral thumbnails like Drew Rati without knowing any Photoshop designing skills? All you need is a reference thumbnail like this. And in just a few clicks, you can recreate something just like it. Yes, you heard that right. Today, I'll show you how to create highquality viral YouTube thumbnails for free using just AI. No Photoshop, no paid tools, no experience needed. Only Cap Cut's free AI design tool. And by the end of this video, you'll have your own viral CTR thumbnail ready to upload. But if you think just knowing the tool name is enough, you're wrong. Because creating a viral thumbnail with AI isn't about tools. It's about the right prompting technique. And I'll show you exactly how. Before we dive in, please support small creators like me. Hit the like button and subscribe to this channel because this one's going to change how you design forever. Now, let's start. First of all, you need to visit capcut.com to create thumbnails for free using Cap Cut. We'll be using the desktop version. So, go ahead and click the download button to get the Cap Cut installer. Once it's downloaded, launch the installer. The setup will take a few minutes. After it's done, open the Cap Cut app on your PC. Next, sign up or log in using your email or social account. Once you're successfully logged in, congratulations. You're now all set to create your first viral AI thumbnail. Next, you'll see the AI design option right here inside Cap Cut. To generate your viral AI thumbnail, simply click on this option. You'll now see Cap Cut's newly launched AI design interface. A really powerful tool that can create product posters, Instagram posts, and even swap outfits using AI. But in this tutorial, we're focusing only on the YouTube thumbnail design feature. So, click on create a YouTube thumbnail. You'll notice an attached reference thumbnail and a sample prompt that creates a thumbnail for a Tokyo travel vlog. Now let's say you want to make one for an India travel vlog instead. All you have to do is replace the word Tokyo with India. Next, add visual elements like Taj Mahal, Kutub Minar, Gateway of India, or any other location or object you'd like to feature. Just type them in the prompt. Since Caput's AI design feature is completely free, simply hit the send button to generate your thumbnail. You'll see Cap Cut thinking for a few seconds, analyzing your input, understanding the style, and creating a professional thumbnail layout that actually grabs attention. And then bingo, your AI generated YouTube thumbnail for the India travel vlog is ready. And it looks amazing. Can you believe this? You just created a stunning thumbnail using a few simple words. No Photoshop, no complicated layers, and no graphic design experience at all. Something that would have taken hours to design manually was done by AI in seconds. The coolest part, Cap Cut didn't just use your short prompt. It actually expanded it in the background into a detailed professional-grade prompt to achieve this clean viral look. Now, what if you want to create the same thumbnail with your own photo in it? Well, that's super easy, too. And I'll show you exactly how next. All you need to do now is upload your own image and then add this text inside the prompt. Replace the girl in the reference thumbnail with my uploaded image, keeping the same expression and in Indian attire. Once done, hit the send button again. After processing for just a few seconds, bingo, here's your new thumbnail now featuring your own photo in it. Now, if you're wondering how to change the text inside the thumbnail, don't worry. That's super simple, too. Just type this prompt. Replace the text India travel vlog with 3 days changed everything and hit send again. Now, if you think this is just some random text I'm using, you're wrong. There's actually a strategy and formula behind this kind of text, a formula that big YouTubers use to boost their CTR from 3% to 15%. And if you want to learn that secret, make sure to watch this video till the end. Once you hit send, Cap Cut will do its magic again. But remember one small detail. If you type your text in all caps, your thumbnail text will also appear in all caps. If you type in mixed case, the output will follow the same style. So, keep that in mind when writing your prompt. Your thumbnail is updated perfectly with the new text. Now, you've learned how to replace the text. But some of you might still be thinking, can we change her expression using Cap Cut's AI design feature? Well, the answer is yes. Let's say you want to change her expression to something more emotional, like she looks sad holding her head in her hand. Just type this prompt. Change the expression of the girl in the thumbnail to look sad and holding her head. Hit send. Wait for a few seconds and again. Bingo. Your updated thumbnail is ready now with the perfect emotional expression. Isn't that cool? Drop your feedback in the comments below. I'd love to hear how your thumbnails turned out. And now I know what you're thinking. How do I create thumbnails like Drew Rati using Caput's AI design tool? Well, this is exactly what I'm going to show you next. But before we continue, please support me by hitting the like button. And if you're new here, subscribe to this channel because what's coming next will completely change the way you design thumbnails forever. To generate a viral thumbnail like Duvati using just a reference thumbnail, here's [clears throat] exactly what you need to do. First, open YouTube.com and search for the type of thumbnail you want to take inspiration from. Let's say this is our inspiration or reference thumbnail. Now, click on the three dots beside the video title and then click the share button. Next, simply copy the URL of that video. Then, go to Google and search for download YouTube thumbnail. From the search results, click on the first website that appears. Now, paste the copied URL into the input box and click on get thumbnail image. You'll instantly see the video's thumbnail appear in HD resolution. Click on download HD thumbnail image. And there you go. The reference thumbnail is successfully downloaded to your system. Now, let's say we want to create the same style of thumbnail for a video titled Dark Secrets of Elon Musk, Tesla, and SpaceX. To do this, open Caput's AI design tool again. Click on create YouTube thumbnail. Then, upload the reference thumbnail you just downloaded and remove the default one already present. Next, type this prompt. Create a documentary style thumbnail for a YouTube video titled Dark Secrets of Elon Musk, SpaceX, and Tesla. Make sure the design is similar to the attached thumbnail. Include all necessary elements to make the thumbnail stand out. Use the title text, dark secrets, and also include an image of Elon Musk. After a few seconds of processing, bingo, here it is. The thumbnail looks amazing, but it's still not exactly identical to our reference to perfectly match the design. We'll use a detailed prompt template. Don't worry, I've already created this prompt template document for you. Just open it, change the variables like your topic, title, and visual elements. Then copy and paste the entire prompt into Cap Cut's AI design tool. Hit send, wait a few seconds, and bingo again. Here's the result. The design now looks almost identical to the reference thumbnail. But we're not done yet. We need to replace the narrator's image to make it personal. Simply upload your own photo and enter this prompt. Replace the narrator's image in the above thumbnail with my image. After Cap Cut processes it, here's the final version. A thumbnail that looks almost exactly like the Drew Rothy style reference. Similarly, if you have a fashion or makeup related YouTube channel, then you can provide a prompt similar to this. Then remove the existing selected image and hit send and you will get a highquality viral thumbnail for your video. Or if you have a tech tutorial channel, then you can provide and within seconds your thumbnail will be ready. And if you have a horror story channel which are trending the days then simply enter prompt like this and your viral thumbnail will be ready in just a few seconds. You can try it for other categories too. I've provided all the prompts in the pinned comment. Please do check out. Using this you can easily generate your own viral thumbnails that can boost your CTR dramatically even without Photoshop skills. But wait, everything you've learned so far is just one part of the system. If you really want to hit that 13% CTR mark, you need to understand the magical formula that big YouTubers secretly use. And that's exactly what we're going to cover next. Have you ever heard about the Ben's principle? This is the exact formula used by big creators to make their videos go viral. And I actually learned this from a professional YouTube strategist who works with top performing channels. In this formula, B stands for big claim. Your thumbnail should make a bold, exciting promise that instantly sparks curiosity in the viewer's mind. E stands for easy. Whatever you're claiming should look easy to achieve, so viewers believe they can do it, too. N stands for new. Your message or idea should feel fresh, something viewers haven't seen a 100 times before. And S stands for safe. Your claim should feel trustworthy and risk-free so people don't hesitate to click. Now, here's the thing. The Benz, the principle isn't just for thumbnails. It works even better when you combine your title plus thumbnail together. That's where real CTR magic happens. Let's take an example. This video was uploaded about 10 months ago and already has 1.6 million views. Now, look closely at this thumbnail. The creator claims that in just 7 days, a new channel earned $863. That's a big claim. Instantly exciting and curiositydriven. Next, it looks easy. The idea of earning that much in a week feels simple and achievable. It's also new, something fresh that most viewers haven't seen before. And finally, it looks safe, not a scam or unrealistic trick, just genuine results that feel possible. This is exactly why the thumbnail works. It perfectly balances all four elements of bends. So, if you start designing your titles and thumbnails around this formula, you'll see a huge improvement in your CTR, easily reaching up to 13% or even higher. Now you know everything about how to generate viral AI thumbnail using the best AI thumbnail generator, Cap Cut AI Design Tool. So, go ahead and start creating your first viral AI thumbnail using Cap Cut AI Design Tool. It's now free for 7 days. Try it now before the offer ends.

- "MrBeast Is Ruining YouTube": Kind: captions Language: en There is a new way to make professionallooking viral thumbnails with zero Photoshop experience. From creating custom results from any channel to literally being able to put your face on a thumbnail, it literally feels like cheating. Hold on. It was only 4 years ago when Mr. Beast complained that other European channels were stealing his thumbnails. And now he's promoting AI tools to do exactly what he preached against. I'm now going to hit face swap and take the thumbnail from this to this automatically. Oh, that's rich. And it's starting to make sense why Jack Septic Guy said this. Do you think Mr. Beast ruined YouTube? Yes. If you've been online recently, you've seen there's been an uproar against Mr. Beast again. Because a few days ago, he tweeted and deleted this. View stats just dropped AI thumbnails and it takes the guesswork out of what thumbnails will perform. Just prompt what you're looking for and it will generate a databacked viral thumbnail. And then he plugs viewstats.com. But isn't this the same Mr. beast that has a philanthropy channel building walls in Africa and promotes the planting of trees. Okay, so why is he advertising the use of something with such a staggering carbon footprint? We're living in a time where we don't know the difference between what's real and what's not. AI is everywhere. Deep fake videos, AI written articles, even photorealistic images that never happened. A new skate park just opened at the White House and President Donald Trump is stealing the show. It's a historic day at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The White House skate park is open and President Trump has been here since dawn. The internet is being flooded with synthetic content and most people can't even tell the difference. AI has gotten scarily good. Tools like Mid Journey, ChatGpt, Deli, people are using it to create imitations of human art and even voices. But here's the problem. Scammers and clickbait farmers are using this tech to trick people. Artificial intelligence influencers are a growing industry with some AI models gaining hundreds of thousands of followers and getting increasingly lucrative sponsorship deals. Fake influencers, scam ads, AI generated news. Misinformation is spreading faster than ever. And since AI is so easily produced at a mass scale, people are constantly exploiting it for profit. But it's not just about deception. A lot of people are losing their jobs. Graphic designers, musicians, writers. A lot of people are being replaced by AI. People would rather spend $10 in an AI logo than use an actual human being to design it for them. Sure, AI can be a useful tool, but at what cost? If everything's fake, who can we trust? And if machines replace human creativity, what's left for actual artists? I can't even relax and watch my guilty pleasures ASMR or mukbang videos because right now YouTube is being flooded with AI ASMR and mukbang videos. It's actually taken over. This was supposed to be a sacred art. What am I watching? It's getting bad out there for creatives and now it's only gotten worse since the biggest YouTuber on the platform is now promoting AI tools for his own monetary gain. There is a new way to make professionallooking viral thumbnails with zero Photoshop experience. And the best part is this new method works in every niche. Whether you do gaming, cooking, beauty, this works for all of them. From creating custom results from any channel to literally being able to put your face on a thumbnail, it literally feels like cheating. So, let's go back to Mr. beast deleted tweet because the reactions to this have been overwhelming. Artists, influencers, everyone is responding and here's what they're saying. Let me read some of these tweets because everyone has a great point. So, the biggest YouTuber is pushing AI while also posting about how he hopes everyone watches his work because of how much creative effort went into it. So, you understand the value of work and creativity, but don't understand that this tech is destroying the concept of both. Video examples that Mr. to be Stephen shows here don't even seem that creative or good. This is the home of the AI tool where you can type in any channel on all of YouTube and it will use it as inspiration for the thumbnail it's generating. So, for example, let's say you're Mr. Beast. You would just type in Mr. Beast here. Now, it's going to look at all my recent videos and get inspiration from them. And for the prompt, I'm going to type in stranded on a volcano. And there you go. We now have a thumbnail with me dangling on the side of a volcano. This is perfect for inspiration. And if you do a couple iterations with the system, this is how you can literally generate your thumbnails going forward. That doesn't even look like him. I've watched content creation go from dancing cartoon hamsters on your screen to whatever mass-produced slop this is. I'm so tired, man. Using AI in creativity makes zero sense to me. People who use it to replace creatives don't have a creative bone in their body. Learn to make something yourself and be proud of it. F AI. I make all of my own thumbnails. It probably takes around 30 minutes to make one thumbnail. Massive shoutouts to YouTubers that either draw their own thumbnail or pay an artist to make a thumbnail. To show you how all out we went on this AI thumbnail tool. You could also copy a URL from any YouTube video. We'll just paste this one I have here. And in the prompt box, just tell it what to change in the thumbnail. To demonstrate, I have this F1 thumbnail with an F1 car. And so in the prompt, I'm just going to simply type in change F1 car to minivan. That is all I'm typing in. I'm going to hit generate. Let's see what it produces. And boom, it's done. I'm Bro, I'm not even joking. Look, it swapped out the F1 race car for a minivan. That was it. I just typed in a prompt and it swapped it. This is crazy. The thing that he's showing here, the replacement tool, this is something you can easily do on Photoshop. You don't need AI to do it. If you really like the thumbnail you're generating, but not the face on it, don't worry. We have this face swap tool that you can click, upload a face you do like, and it will instantly swap it onto the thumbnail. To show you how simple this is, I'm going to take a photo of my face. Okay, I'm now going to hit face swap and take the thumbnail from this to this automatically. And isn't this exactly what he was complaining about? People stealing his thumbnail and then just swapping his head for their head. Mr. Beast is accelerating the death of authentic content creation. And truly, no one is discussing it. The launch of Ustats and its AI generated thumbnail tool might seem like just another data optimized feature, but it's actually one of the most dystopian moves YouTube and the entire community has seen. Made even worse by the fact that it's coming from the platform's most powerful creator. When the top YouTuber in the world starts promoting AI tools that automate and optimize every pixel for clicks, we move further away from creativity and individuality and closer to a factory model of content that only serves the algorithm. and type literally anything you want and it will generate a thumbnail for you in a style that will make a viral YouTube video. There's a part in Mr. Beast explanation video where he says that you can go to any YouTuber and look at all of their thumbnail styles and create something just like them. This is the home of the AI tool where you can type in any it's generating. And because of this, some people are already saying that they want to sue. Hi, thumbnail artist here who's made 300 plus thumbnails and would not like my work to be used in your stupid little app thing. I never gave consent. I work really hard on each and every thumbnail and would not like my work stolen. Other thumbnail artists are saying that they don't want their work used to train whatever AI that Mr. Beast is using. They're literally just stealing from every single thumbnail on YouTube to feed their algorithm. Mudahar even says, "If you want to do something cool for view stats, maybe try having a system where if creators like a certain thumbnail, we can easily interact with the artists who you guys can verify and then commission. Same with editors. It would cut down headaches if we had a platform for hiring." And there are a lot of platforms that do exactly this. Sites like YouTube jobs.co where you can go to a certain person and you can see who they've worked with. If you click on Mr. Beast's page, you can see that, oh, look, here's the editor that has worked with Mr. Beast in the past. Let's check out some thumbnail designers. And you have all these people that you can choose from. Every time Mr. Beast gets into a controversy, people start bringing back that Jack Septic Eye clip saying that he ruined YouTube. I mean, like Mr. Beast? No. Do you think Mr. Beast ruined YouTube? Yes. Why? Because it became more about views, money, and popularity than it did about having fun. And Jack Septic Guy also tweeted this. What the actual f and he used my logo in the promotion for it too. I hate what this platform is turning into fai. Excuse me, but did you not only put other channels thumbnails in this without their consent, but also very explicitly added Jack SeptiCai's PFP in your video? Also openly mocking and trying to destroy the jobs and careers of thumbnail professionals to sell your product. Yeah, that's right. If you freeze a frame right here, it shows all the people that you can potentially steal from in the future. You can type in any channel on all of YouTube. Everyone is talking about how the biggest YouTuber on the platform is promoting AI tools, but no one is talking about how much this costs to even use these tools because the price is between $49 and $249 a month. That's a lot of money. Chat GBT is free. Deep Seek is free. There was a time when I defended Mr. beast because people were stealing his thumbnails and his ideas. Now, he's offering up this same style of thievery to the highest bidder. Now, let's say you don't want to take inspiration from a YouTube channel. You don't have to. As you can see here, I have a very descriptive prompt describing a Minecraft block that is glowing rainbow colors and vibrant Minecraft grass with trees in the background with no YouTube inspiration. So, now let's hit generate. And I think you're going to be impressed with what this comes up with. I have not altered this in any way. Look at this thumbnail he came up with. And in the video, he's basically just explaining how AI works, using different prompts to create an image. How long do you think it's been since Mr. Beast has felt true joy? There's no joy. He's a corporation now. He went from planting trees to destroying them one thumbnail at a time. So, Mr. Beast gets to complain about channels stealing his thumbnails, then turns around and makes a tool that does the same thing, but faster and cheaper. He promotes his new AI tool in a video on site saying that it copies any channel style of thumbnail for YouTube videos and even edits it so your face is in it instead of the original creators. He initially states it so that it can be used for quote inspiration but then continues on and notes that this will literally be the way you generate your thumbnails going forward. I spend days, weeks, sometimes months thinking of thumbnails, working with artists to craft the perfect one. And you've made something that can steal my and my artists hard work without a thought. Your model is clearly trained on all our thumbnails and uses them without any creators permission and makes it not only easy, but it attempts to makes this socially acceptable, too. where to take out the creator and content creator and the fun that comes from thinking up new ideas. Majorly f this. If there's any class action lawsuit, count me in. I'm done with this guy. And take the thumbnail from this to this automatically. So, Mr. Beast decided to delete his original tweet. And then he replied to one person saying, "I appreciate all the feedback. I love the YouTube community more than anyone can even remotely comprehend. already working on changes like face swap should only be used to swap your face on your thumbnail, obviously not others. You really like the thumbnail you're generating but not the face on it. Don't worry, we have this face swap tool that you can click. Upload a face you do like and it will instantly swap it onto the thumbnail. And overall, I'll build this more in a way to be inspirational for artists/ a tool they use and not replace them. Very good feedback. Okay. And then we'll instantly swap it onto the thumbnail. The rise of AI content is inevitable, but we have to stay aware, support real creators, fact check what you see, and don't let the internet become a world of soulless fakes. Thank you everyone for watching this video. If you did enjoy it, leave me a comment down below. Be sure to tune in next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OrbPrime11 [1 likes]: I used to respect Mr Beast but since he became total sellout(ie. partnering with Logan Paul/KSI), all that respect went down on the drain.
  2. @DJ_Gaming05 [1 likes]: As I say, “Down with the Beast!”
  3. @DJ_Gaming05 [1 likes]: Ruining YouTube? He’s been doing it since 2022 and since he started abusing shorts the most
  4. @ManavJith: Personally, I don't hate Jimmy. I just hate what he has made this platform into. I was a big fan of his prior to 2021
  5. @Dizz2K7: How is anyone shocked by this? What about that dork says he has creativity or pride?
  6. @dogspit959: i just hate how gun shy i have had to become with small channels, and faceless youtubers.. i like watching smaller creators that have not yet lost their soul to the almighty algorythm but it is more difficult than ever now.
  7. @spagett2487: I can't stress this enough: AI IS GOING TO BE THE DEATH OF US ALL!
  8. @thinkhendrix: its what you get for trusting a 25 year old with a 40 year old moustache.
  9. @christianaquino5230: I don't like Mr. Beat at much as most people do, but u gotta understand that stealing and copyright infringement r not the same
  10. @yeahmintmate: how do you even generate a moistcritikal thumbnail
  11. @evanhizon8112: Could you tell that to his hundred million fanboys and subscribers? If corporations, luxury brands, and even politicians want to do business with him. He couldn't care less what a small minority says about him.
  12. @danielaramirez4200: Why is that kid eating bugs that’s is so disgusting!
  13. @danielaramirez4200: That’s why he’s losing subscribers?😢😢
  14. @SkinCareLuver: I'm so glad people are starting to wake up and see the truth! This person is only being kind for fame.
  15. @nicholasbloom1: the app is bad news
  16. @vakilkagzi4787: that jackseptiiky should be turned into a meme 

so whenever Mr beast does something bad that should always show up
  17. @ReeferMusic: It blows my mind that it has been 10 years or more since YouTube was actually fun to watch, and not just a platform I continued to spend time on because I'd been using it since 2008. I think I blame Gamergate. Both fucking sides of the ordeal, to be honest. That had to be the starting point that led to the drama community becoming so huge on YouTube, which in turn led to the current state of YouTube. That and prank channels/sensationalized content.
  18. @meatpie_guy: Loved this video! 🔥 I see huge potential to boost your views with a stronger thumbnail. 💥 I'd be happy to make a free sample for you — how can I reach you? 📩"
  19. @Tomtasiax: Ah shit here we go again 
Mr beast is stealing my thumbnails,
Logan paul is stealing my money & health
Whata brutal life bro can we do something? 😑
  20. @Ben-Dóver-21: Omg we back to milking and this time da bills are high 🙏😭

- The Man Who Broke YouTube By Accident: Kind: captions Language: en Which of these two videos do you think has more views? Obviously, since I'm trying to be contrarian, you probably guessed. It's the one that looks like Julo's videos have absolutely broken YouTube, but his thumbnails are ass. His mic is a $40 Turtle Beach headset. >> I kind of just bullied Dream Team for 4 hours, >> and he edits them in an app he [music] found by googling iMovie alternatives. So, how does this dude get over 3 million views a video? Well, as loweffort as the videos seem, every single aspect of them is precise and calculated. A success may seem like an accident, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Is there ever a point where you like didn't think you were going to succeed? >> No. [music] >> When Jude was 10 years old, he started posting garbage for fun. His words, not mine. A lot of these videos were on survival type games like Rust. He was always naturally good at these, but there were also plenty of videos on Minecraft, especially a miniame called UHC. Both of these gave Jude an unusually good game sense. And around 2 years ago, the value of this game sense would become obvious. He stumbled across a new server called Hoplight. It's literally a Minecraft battle royale server. So, in other words, a modern version of UHC. Jude was interested, and the moment he realized it had voice chat, he knew it was a content gold mine. >> Cuz people love watching people get trapped. And if they scream in voice chat as that happens, it makes it so much better. For the first time, Jude sat down and seriously tried to come up with video ideas related to Hoplike. And after looking around at what other people were doing, he realized something. No one was trying to be funny. So, he came up with an idea. Pretending to be an 8-year-old to get people to treat him differently and [music] then trapping them. >> Stop it. Stop it. Stop hitting me. >> By sheer luck, he managed to get fruit berries to fall into this trap. So, this video was the first time he [music] got any real views around like 30K, which was a really good feeling. So, he made a part two, then a part three. >> Hey, hey, are you Jude Low, perhaps? >> Yeah. >> Oh my god, I loved you when you were an 8-year-old. >> Getting recognized made [music] Jude realize he was actually building somewhat of an audience. So, he committed to making silly Hoplight videos once a week. And although he didn't get insane views right off the bat, this consistency led him to something even better. He got discovered by the owner of Hoplight itself, [music] Speed Silver. Speeds reached out to Jude and dropped tons of elite wisdom on how to make his videos more entertaining. He clearly saw potential, which was a good sign. So, one day, Jude implemented all of Speeds's advice into a video called Invisible Mace Trap. >> Right after he posted it, Speeds DM'd him unprompted saying, "This is your best video yet." And sure enough, it went on to become his most viewed at the time. So, not only does this prove Speed Silver knows his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it also proves Jude is an industry plan. Jude's Hoplight videos slowly got better and better and got more and more views as a result until one day he vanished. What? How? I guess you'll have to wait and find OUT AFTER TODAY'S SPONSOR, RED MAGIC, and their new Red Magic 11 Air. It's a really good gaming phone, so hear me out. Even if you don't play mobile games that often, there's plenty of games you probably play that have really good mobile versions. The only difference is you don't have to be stuck to your desk chair for it. Works great in the car, too. But if you already have a phone, why should you get this one? This thing is powered by a Snapdragon 8 Elite processor with up to 16 gigs of RAM, and it's not just good on paper. The performance stays consistent even during really long sessions. Side note, it is so weird seeing vibrant visuals actually in the game. The display has an 144 hertz screen, which if [music] you play anything competitive, is a massive advantage. But my favorite part is the physical shoulder triggers. These aren't just like overlays on the screen. They're actual physical [music] buttons on the top of the phone that feel like a console controller. Now, what about heat? Most phones start burning you after 10 minutes of Genchin Impact. But this, it's got an upgraded cooling system with an actual built-in [music] fan and a vapor chamber. The fan's also basically silent. I'm holding it up to my mic right now, and you can't hear anything. The battery life is insane, too. 7,000 mAh. That's double an iPhone. There's also this game space feature where you can swipe from the side during any game, and it pulls up all these tools. You can monitor the performance, record, add shortcuts, whatever. There's even an AI coach that tracks your win rate and helps you improve, which is great if you're into that. And despite all the gaming features, it's still just a good phone. It runs Red Magic OS 11 with Gemini built-in, so you're not sacrificing the regular phone stuff. The Red Magic 11 Air goes on sale February 11th. If any of this sounds interesting, check [music] out the link in the description. Jude vanished cuz he went to college and took a break from YouTube, or at least as much of a break as you can get when you're self-employed, because the entire break was just spent studying the Minecraft YouTube space. Jude wanted a genre of his own, so he studied what was missing. One channel stuck out to him, fruit [music] berries. Fruit berries used to be the goat of Minecraft trapping videos, but a few years back, he stopped posting. These videos always got good views, so Jude thought there might be some audience there still. [music] But copying fruit berries isn't exactly finding your own genre. So instead, he used it as a jumping off point. The plan was to combine cool trapping gameplay, funny humor that isn't trying to cater to little kids, and a super loweffort aesthetic. >> Everyone is going so overboard with their editing. I feel like you don't really need all that. >> And he really hates little kids because not only does he swear he doesn't even censor it. >> Oh, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> But I do, so that's all you get. That was only the first half of his strategy, though. The other half is thumbnails. Fruit berries was a big inspiration there, too, with this void bridge format. But the biggest change with thumbnails was making them dead simple. >> I go into Minecraft, I take a screenshot, and I bring it to MS Paint. >> He clearly knows how to make typical youtuby thumbnails, but this plan had him deliberately giving that up. So, that's the strategy. In a lot of ways, it's a big risk and hasn't been seen for a while. [music] The question is, will it work? Jude's first video back was [music] called, "Why do they keep falling?" And sure enough, it became his most viewed video so far. This was when he knew he'd cracked YouTube. One thing he quickly found was that loweffort looking editing genuinely just takes less effort. So he could pump out these videos faster than just about anyone else. >> I'm using the most jank boof ass video editing software. Mo that when I was 11. Another strategy Jude used was spamming AAA video game sound [music] effects. >> Like if someone's job is to make a satisfying noise, those noises are like good and they work. If you don't know how Minecraft PvP works, it helps you figure out what's going on. Yeah, if I hit someone with a strong attack, I'll play a shield break sound and they're like, "Oh, that did a lot of damage." >> By this point, views were well into the millions. He clearly found his format and quite a lot of clout along with it. So, one day that got him invited to an event called Mini Money SMP. Jude got [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on pretty much the whole time, but at the very end during the end fight, I GOT YOU. I JUST GOT YOU. >> [laughter] >> This naturally got people's attention, including the owner of the Strength SMP, Tai. So, he invited Jude to the Strength SMP little feeder SMP, where if you make a good video on it, Tai will invite you to the real thing. If Jude was able to get in, he could fully switch [music] to the ever popular SMP video format and boost his views along with it. All he had to do was make one good video, which he did. It did even better than his hoplight videos and he realized the power of [music] SMP content. Once he got in, he started consistently posting SMP videos on strength and they all got tons of views. As it turns out, however, at least 500 of those views were all from one [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] guy. And not just any random guy. The lead game designer of Mr. Beast Gaming was a huge fan. And real quick, I post Minecraft documentaries once or twice a month. And if you subscribe, YouTube is much more likely to recommend me again. Anywh who, when the team was casting for a Mr. Beast Gaming video about one pro versus 500 hunters. Jude Low was the first person who came to mind. Hey, are you down to call? >> Whatever you're going to ask me, I'm down. >> This was it. The culmination of Jude's entire career [music] up until this point. It's not every day you get to be the main character of a Mr. Beast video. He only got 72 hours to prepare before the thousand players logged on to kill him. So, he spent 11 hours a day building traps to [music] survive. >> People trying to kill Jude. You might want to pearl out. Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Check this out. It's out. It's out. Oh. Oh. [screaming] Oh my god. Let's go. [music] Oh my god. No. No. NO. NO. NO. NO. [screaming] YES. >> LET'S GO. >> But when I started YouTube, I said to myself, I'm going to win a Mr. Beast challenge. >> So, I remember at the very end of the Mr. Beast video. You said when you started YouTube, you wanted to win money in a Mr. Beast video. Was that like true? >> No. I was just blanking. I was like, "Uh, okay. I'm going to make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up." >> After the Mr. Beast video, it was officially No one could deny he'd made it. If you've come away from this video so far thinking Jude's content is genuinely just loweffort, I wouldn't entirely blame you. It does kind of feel like he came out of nowhere and instantly got a ton of views without much [music] work. But, I want to give you two examples that might change your mind. First off, he does this insane thing where he just edits entire shorts into his videos. >> So, I think it's finally time to move on to the third trap. Imagine you hit me into a trap. >> Oh, sorry. That's when I was supposed to start playing the short. >> Imagine you hit me into a trap. I should be dead, right? He specifically makes certain moments in his videos work standalone as clips because he can clip it himself and he also got people on TikTok clipping it and giving him extra views. This obviously really multiplied his growth cuz shorts are like insane. But there's something even more core to his success than that. Take a look at this clip. >> Oh my god. >> HOW CAN YOU DO THIS? >> HOW CAN YOU STAND UP? >> You're in a trap. What would you say in this situation? I'd probably say something basic like a dude. But I definitely wouldn't have thought to say this. >> WHY WOULD YOU THINK I'M THAT STUPID? >> WAIT, WHAT? DUDE, NO. NO. >> Jude's gotten really good at coming up with what to say on the spot, which is an underrated skill. That's why he said what he did at the end of the Mr. Abuse video, even though it wasn't strictly true. >> If you're a social person in real life, you have a much higher chance at being successful on YouTube. Knowing what to say in certain moments, that is just developed naturally through like social situations. >> Me, I guess. Ultimately, yes, the process of making Jude's videos doesn't take a ton of work, but the strategy behind it takes it from what could easily be considered slo genuinely new. Every time it seems like Minecraft content has gotten too saturated, someone like Judlo comes along to prove that wrong. [music] If you enjoyed this video, you'd probably enjoy my video on wifeies. I mean we it's a similar YouTuber origin like this one. And have a great rest of your day. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @skyboimc [864 likes]: GET REDMAGIC'S W GAMING PHONE: https://redmagic.gg/products/redmagic-11-air/
  2. @blackgamer3242 [2 likes]: ''Not Trying''

The video: what to say, how to say, when to say, how to do, what to avoid, etc. In te end, he tried hard as fuck and got success from it
  3. @intui_mc [1 likes]: 0:39 Bro was bout to trap his lil bro behind him💀
  4. @TsGaming777_op [1 likes]: Bro was like search minecraft and just ues the scroll animation I just noticed it had some indian popular youtuber yessmartypie and Proboyz95
  5. @GaballeonJm [1 likes]: Is it me or bro got his first million views too?
  6. @arhamardsworld5239 [1 likes]: For those who want to skip the sponser 4:27
  7. @mytresdim: I used to watch him when he was just a hoplite YouTuber
  8. @Nikanikanikani: stop cheating in YouTube  @JudeLoSasso
  9. @user-gw1ui6on2z: So, are uou telling me that the evil genius, Is a evil genius? Wow... what a surprise!
  10. @elisehua: 2:00 I LOVED YOU WHEN U WERE AN 8 YEAR OLD!!!
my mom walked in as watched this part. she just stared at me and then walked away shaking her head 😭😭
  11. @bassie-i2: I wouldn't blame Jude low for low effort, in the end it's the basic that makes the complicated.
  12. @Monies228: I watched 20 seconds of this video and you said how did he do it he’s just built different
  13. @DESTICADE: genuinely inspiring me to make content Jude is top 10 youtubers
  14. @ryangalek3746: Everytime judelow posts, I am a happy guy
  15. @SonicFan_0: i knew it
  16. @XVVRTX: 8:43 insert my mom is kinda homeless laugh here
  17. @JDMShowz: OMG POJAV GOT MENTION:face-purple-crying:
  18. @yanikkendler: so.. its clickbait
  19. @OutOfWatuh777: 4:00 this is exact f phone lol
  20. @Normaldays-q7i: Does the phone come with the girl in the background?

- PewDiePie Warned Us About MrBeast… And No One Listened: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past decade, YouTube has transformed from a playground for creators into a battlefield for corporations. And somewhere along that journey, one man saw it all coming. But no one believed him. The same person who once helped Mr. Beast rise to the top is now the one whose warning seems to be coming true. Because years ago, PewDiePie predicted exactly what YouTube would become. And it looks like his prophecy just played out in real time. Today, we're diving deep into the irony, the downfall, and the reality behind the rise of Mr. beast and why PewDiePie might have been right all along. Let's rewind to 2019. It was one of YouTube's greatest storylines ever. Pewdiepie versus T-Series. It wasn't just a subscriber race. It was creator versus corporation, authenticity versus algorithms, soul versus system. And right beside PewDiePie stood a young, ambitious creator named Jimmy Donaldson, better known as Mr. Beast. He was the ultimate fanboy, holding up billboards, buying ads, and spending thousands to rally fans under one message. Keep YouTube in the hands of real creators. It was an era of pure energy. PewDiePie was the king. Mr. Beast was his loyal knight, and T-Series was the faceless empire pumping out videos by the dozen. The community loved it. YouTube felt alive. But somewhere along the way, something changed. Mr. Beast didn't just beat T-Series in numbers, he became T-Series in spirit. Mass production, endless funding, a full corporate machine of editors, writers, brand managers, and executives. Every frame, every thumbnail, every second engineered for perfection. What used to feel like a creator's world slowly turned into Hollywood 2.0. And PewDiePie's old warning that YouTube was becoming corporate and soulless suddenly didn't sound nostalgic anymore. It sounded prophetic. Pewdiepie's era was chaotic, random, and beautifully human. He could scream at barrels, play weird games, or react to memes, and millions would still tune in. It wasn't about creating the perfect video. It was about being yourself. Then came the Mr. Beast era. Cinematic, optimized, flawless. The personality faded and the product took over. It wasn't YouTube anymore. It was a formula. Mr. Beast didn't destroy YouTube. He industrialized it. The algorithm started rewarding who could spend the most, not who could create the best. And as production budgets skyrocketed, the hue in YouTube began to disappear. Even Mr. Beast himself once said, "As long as you're innovating, adapting, and reinvesting, just keep going." But that mindset, constant reinvestment, constant growth, is what trapped him in a cycle of never-ending escalation. Each video has to be bigger, louder, more extreme than the last. Because now YouTube is a machine that feeds only on scale. Then came the breaking point, the Lunchly controversy. Late in 2023, Mr. Beast teamed up with KSI and Logan Paul to launch Lunchly, a supposed healthy alternative to Lunchables, a fun, nutritious snack box for kids, complete with Prime Hydration and Feastables chocolate. But when people opened the boxes, the reality was disgusting. moldy cheese, slimy meats, and green fuzz in unopened packs. Social media exploded with outrage. And yes, PewDiePie called it out immediately. You can tell none of them are parents, he said. You should not feed your kids that garbage. He even pointed out that the portions were so tiny they wouldn't feed his one-year-old son. And ironically, while PewDiePie protected his child's privacy, Logan Paul used his newborn baby to promote the brand. He literally said on camera, "Here's our baby, brand new to the world. Lunchley is now in stores." Even during childbirth, he was promoting Prime and Lunchley. That moment went viral for all the wrong reasons. Because to many, it showed exactly what PewDiePie had warned about. Creators turning every personal moment, even family, into marketing. And when the backlash hit, KSI and Logan Paul didn't take responsibility. Instead, they mocked their critics. People just hate us for no reason. KSI said they're just jealous. But fans weren't jealous, they were disappointed. Instead of addressing real health concerns, they flaunted profits, bragging about hundreds of millions in sales as if money made it all okay. Compare that to PewDiePie, who during controversies always responded with calm honesty. He never played the victim, never hid behind wealth. He took accountability, learned, and moved on. That's the difference between old YouTube and new YouTube. One made mistakes and learned. The other makes excuses and markets them. Between 2018 and 2022, PewDiePie warned that YouTubers were becoming brands, not people. That creators were selling useless merch, fake causes, and charity content that was more performance than compassion. When everything becomes content, he said, nothing's real anymore. And that's what we're seeing today. Mr. Beast turned generosity into a genre where every act of kindness has a thumbnail, a sponsor, and a retention graph behind it. It's not that he's a bad person. Far from it. It's that he scaled sincerity until it became strategy. Mr. Beast today isn't just a YouTuber. He's a corporation, a brand, a billion-doll empire. Fastables, Beast Burger, View Stats, Beast Games, all powered by teams, warehouses, legal departments, and investors. He's built something that looks more like Netflix than YouTube. And with that growth came all the typical problems, labor issues, product recalls, misleading ads. It's not evil, it's industrial. He scaled YouTube so high, he broke the very soul that made it special. Even creators like Jack Septic Eye have openly said it. YouTube became more about views, money, and popularity than fun. When asked in a lie detector test if he liked Mr. Beast, he said no. Not because he hates him, but because he misses when YouTube was spontaneous and real. That's the sentiment echoing across the creator world in 2025. People miss the chaos, the personality, the imperfection that made YouTube YouTube. Meanwhile, PewDiePie has gone quiet. Living peacefully in Japan with his wife and child, rarely posting, rarely tweeting. But that silence, that peace, might be the loudest statement of all. He walked away before the machine consumed him. He doesn't need flashy thumbnails, billion-dollar deals, or corporate backing to prove he's a legend. He just needed a camera and a laugh. And that was enough. Mr. Beast, on the other hand, is trapped in a cycle of constant escalation. Every upload has to break a record. Every project has to outdo the last because the algorithm he mastered is now his master. So, yes, PewDiePie was right all along. He saw what YouTube was becoming before anyone else did. And today, his words feel less like criticism and more like a warning for every creator who's still chasing the dream. Has YouTube truly lost its soul, or is this just evolution? Let me know what you think in the comments. Thanks for watching. Stay curious, stay human, and I'll see you in the next story.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelbirch5270 [1 likes]: the 'Mr Beast vs T-Series' rivalry was the 'Life Of A Meme'' cartoon come to life. YouTube started out as this great platform for individual content creators but once corporations got in on the act, the site lost what made it so appealing.
  2. @Ankinine [1 likes]: it was a destiny swap. high level witchcraft. fake fanning over someone to take there future.

- Pewdiepie vs. Mr. Beast - THUMBNAIL WARS: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to thumbnail Wars a brand new series on my channel where I pick two youtubers thumbnails against each other and determine a winner of course like this video if you enjoyed it and subscribe to my channel to see more of me I decided to start this series because I want to educate you more about thumbnails and also want to have fun doing it because thumbnails can be kind of boring sometimes let me know if there's any youtubers that you want me to compare and look at when it comes to their thumbnails and see what kind of insight we draw from them we all know that thumbnails are important but just how important are they well in 2019 that I did a study and they said that almost over 60% of the success of the video comes from a thumbnail and it makes a lot of sense because it doesn't matter how good your video is if your thumbnail is not good and enticing enough then people will not be able to see how good that video is in the first place that's why thumbnails itself is still a science it is something that is continuing to be improved and even for me and for many youtubers out there they're still continuing to find new ways to make good thumbnails to get good traction alright let's look at these two contestants background first and their numbers before I break them each of their thumbnails for our first contestant we have PewDiePie who has over a million subscribers and has over three million views per month he actually started around 10 years ago on YouTube and has been pretty politics since then for our second contestant we have mr. beast who started eight years ago has 37 million subscribers and almost 500 million video views for the last 30 days so both of these youtubers are huge heavy hitters in the industry and they cater to a similar demographic as we keep in mind in terms of their size kind of what they do now we really know why thumbnails are so important because if they're reaching these numbers they need to make sure that the thumbnail strategy is 100% on point let's take a look at PewDiePie first now when we look at his someone else here the thing that really pops out for me whenever there are facial expressions in his thumbnails we can see that they're very expressive for him it's like a little bit more nuanced so his mouth isn't really big he's not making a really exaggerated face but the expression is still there for example this one talking about assumptions about me we can see when we look at his face he looks kind of made me like a little bit I'm sure uneasy which is kind of funny the other one this one woman wants 1 million dollars from her new husband or something we can see his look I would describe as irate maybe like a little bit puzzled or kind of disgusted even depending on how the video is post productions - even here adding one more point the reason why he may not need to be as expressive is due to the fact that his beard his face and even his headphones his headgear in the thumbnail is already extremely recognizable and iconic so therefore he does not need to be as exaggerated the second thing we can see for his son else is that we can see him and his face very clearly on top of the fact that he has a very clear facial expression now the way that he does that is he kind of has this border that traces out around him and sometimes he uses the white border which I kind of like using as well and sometimes he uses the black border just depending on what his content is so we can see for example Jake Paul close to prison you can see that there was a trace out there so what we know for sure is that when it comes to thumbnails we really want to have a clear facial expression but we also want to make sure that they are clearly there as well them as a person that's pretty important because you can see like sometimes for example here if he did not make the slight edit of kind of boarding out himself for some of these videos like this one here for Jake Paul I thought as a result he conceives it and what we really need to make sure we know is the fact that thumbnails appear on the YouTube homepage that are competing with tons of other people so these thumbnails are made in a sense where it's very clear that this is PewDiePie when it comes to the thumbnails using kind of the design and kind of placement of the person the last thing I want to mention because we're gonna talk about color when we compare both of them is I would say that his color usage for himself and also for the background we can see when there is a background this color is creeped right although we can also see that overall he has more of a grounded approach when it comes to his thumbnails meaning that we see him for who he is we don't really see that there to be too much high contrast which when we look at mr. piece later it will be very apparent that that is the case alright let's take a look at mr. beast now we have mr. piece who is at 30 almost at 30 million all right when we look at his thumbnails the first thing that we can see is that he also has a pretty expressive face but the clear difference here is that for a lot of his thumbnails and the way that he is if we look at these ones we can see that he uses a similar facial expression where is the one before for PDP he uses more of like a variety of facial features for this one here we can see at least like a few of them like he's smiling his mouth is open that as almost his most identifiable thumbnail trait his mouth is always open the other thing that we also see when it comes to mr. beast is especially look at what we saw before is his usage of color that really stands out for his content now that's what I meant when PT pie was more grounded is because for him he has a lot of high contrast style design when it comes to his thumbnails his text is always extremely clear and when it comes to the palette that he uses everything is dialed up so that it really catches your you can imagine when it comes to you see these tunnels on the homepage and you compare that to other people and other videos out there that appear on there from more traditional media the contest is definitely not as high and as a result that really has a good draw when it comes to the thumbnail so as a result we can see that both youtubers of course given the size that they are they do imply similar tactics but there is some nuanced differences when it comes to how they express themselves that kind of the colors they use it's also reflective of their personality a little bit as well because when it comes to be more grounded for both of them we can see like maybe the first contestant has a slightly more of that direction I like edging towards that direction let me know so far in the comments below what you think when it comes to their thumbnail style is it captivating to you does it make you want to click it have you heard of any of these people ever in your life because there are definitely people who have no idea who either these people are despite their size on YouTube we're going to move on to the next part which is comparing the two contestants and how they found those are to each other keep in mind this is just my own analysis and the goal here is just to provide more insight when it comes to the success of these youtubers and their thumbnail strategy and just learn from them we have both of their thumbnails side by side just one more time before we talk about each of the elements and like I mentioned before we can see the color usage becomes very apparent where mr. beast tends to use a lot more brighter colors PewDiePie is more that he definitely has bright colors that you can see in comparison kind of like the usage of the text and the usage of the different elements there that mr. beast likes to use brighter colors when we look at the facial features which I talked about before is the most important thing for both of these youtubers we can also see a difference there where for a lot of these ones the focus for mr. piece has to do with more of the theme of the video itself the top the video itself whereas for PewDiePie we just see his face a lot more and that is also reflective of their type of content PewDiePie he used to do a lot of gaming videos but he's kind of gravitated towards more of commentary saw videos just really letting his persona one wild and just talk about a lot of things so that might be why there's a more focus on him whereas for mr. beast he is known for his crazy antics crazy numbers crazy values of money and which is why we can see for certain ones there's more focus on the things that he's doing rather than his face now that we finally reached this part of the video this is when I'm going to talk about which one is better and we're gonna look at three elements let me just go through what those are the first one is color which youtuber has better color when it comes with their color usage and this is very important because once again the goal of this is for everybody from all walks of life on YouTube to be able to learn from this color makes a huge difference so we're gonna see who uses color better when it comes to color contrast saturation and kind of balance overall so for our first factor when it comes to color I'm gonna have to give this point to mr. beast because like we mentioned before mr. piece uses a lot of color which gravitates a lot of viewers to want to watch it it attracts a lot of new people and compared to peopIe because of the fact that he's more grounded the way that he is he does use some color but we can see for example for a lot of these ones here we only see color from maybe like half of them worse here we see that there's just crazy amount of color based off of the content that he does now the second category that we're going to grade this on is the idea of elements now when I talk to people about elements we're talking about for thumbnails because of how much variety of genres there are on youtube it's hard further to me like it's finite rules when it comes to youtube so the easiest way to look at is elements which is how many elements are there in the thumbnail and whether or not those elements are you correctly so for example overall when it comes to making thumbnails I always suggest having two to three elements you do not want to have too many elements in the thumbnail if we're talking about text we don't want to have too much text in the thumbnail maybe two to three words for maximum when it comes to other aspects like having emojis or having like arrow even like mr. beast here we also want to make sure that there is only one to two elements in total when it comes to the way that the elements are used for this video for these thumbnails I'm also gonna have to give this one to mr. beast just because of the fact that we can see both youtubers use text some of them use arrows as well but when you look at the way that these thumbnails are and you look at kind of how the words are being used and arrows etc we can see that because of the color palette from before combined with the element usage for both of them mr. B's comes out on top all of his thumbnails have only two to three elements him pizza the text him circle the floor whatever the case is six-year-old me Boy Scouts I gave my credit card to render people we have this cute girl here and we also have this credit card and that's what we have or laminate your life into anyways we have him in the thumbnail his face there and we also have the libraries in the back in high contrast the final factor that we have that would be used to determine who is aware is how accurately these thumbnails portray the content in the video accuracy is very important we all know what click baiting is which is putting something on the thumbnail but then it's not actually what it is in the video you really want to make sure that the thumbnails accurately portray what is going along the video so you maximize retention and you'll be able to boost in the - you might be surprised but this final factor I'm gonna have to give it to PewDiePie when it comes to having an accurate portrayal of what is going on in the film so the reason why I could give this to beautify it is because if we look at mr. pieces thumbnails and even just his content in general I can sum it up with one word exaggeration his content is so excited it's so crazy so out there that Fork is something else as well we can see that there are some exaggerations start being used so we look at some of the thumbnails here like I built the world's largest Lego tower maybe videos I could not upload these are all examples of where he uses an exaggerated final thumbnail in order to really captivate you really want you to click on it because when you click on it you can see yeah there is some aspects of it which is there but at the same time there is some element of clickbait and when we look at accuracy when it comes to portraying the content we want to make sure that it is the most accurate and if we look at that one in comparison to PewDiePie and his thumbnails his son mills are almost always what the video is going to be though it's going to be him for example this one he talks about a video talking about blind dating ten guys you can see it's him and then it's a girl in the video and it's also the guys for example this TLC a video as well he talks about the documentary talking about woman and how he wants a million dollars she wants a million dollars and it's the same thing where you can see these are the people that are in the thumbnail and these are the people that are in the video so accuracy when it comes to thumbnails PewDiePie wins out on that one the follow winner for this episode of thumbnail Wars is mr. beast due to his good color usage and the way that he manipulates different elements in the thumbnail to make sure that it is captivating and it Vince's people to want to click on his video that's gonna be it for today's video thank you so much for watching I hope you learned a lot when it comes to thumbnail strategy despite the fact that they might not be in the same genre as you because of the fact that they're just Titans on YouTube and they encapsulate such a big part their thumbnail strategy is something that you cannot miss let me know if you have some youtubers that you want me to look at and you want me to compare when it comes to how their thumbnails are and maybe they'll appear in the next episode of thumbnail Wars for two or three people who are still sticking around until the end of this video here firstly thank you of course and secondly if you want to work with me I have a link in the description down below where you can sign up for a consultation to really get started on your YouTube journey you can see my channel it's all about YouTube I'm gonna link in the end screen as well in terms of other YouTube videos where I talk about strategy when it comes to growing your brand growing your numbers on this platform and really achieving your goals basis thank you so much for watching and I will see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @carmenli6028: I love Pewdiepie, I think he won. But thanks for the analysis.
  2. @caromaths5891: I've heard of PewDiePie but not Mr Beast. But I haven't seen any videos by either of them. Lol
  3. @DeirdreHardiman: Great video.  Thanks for the tips Stephen.
  4. @DrJonTam: 60% of the success of the video comes from the thumbnail?!

- I Brought Mr.Beast thumbnails to REAL life!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N.

- The Magic of Thumbnails || Mr. beast ke jaisa thumbnail Kaise create Karen: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know that 70% of your video's success depends on its thumbnail? Yes, you heard that right; thumbnails are the magic that draws viewers to your video. But are there some unspoken rules for creating thumbnails? Today, we'll reveal some secrets you've probably never heard before, and learn about the special tricks used by big YouTubers like Mr. Beast for their thumbnails? Step One: Use the right color theory. Most people use bright colors in thumbnails, but did you know that each color has its own message? For example, yellow attracts attention, blue inspires trust, and red conveys a sense of emergency. When we look at Mr. Beast's video thumbnails, we often see these colors used in his thumbnails. So, next time, use these colors correctly in your thumbnails. We call this the magic of color. Step Two: Facial Expressions: Effect of Expressions. Have you noticed that facial expressions have a huge impact on thumbnails? A surprised or scary face compels viewers to click on the video? Mr. Mr. Beast's thumbnails often feature large, expressive faces that attract viewers immediately. Research suggests that thumbnails with expressive faces receive more clicks. This is what we call the "Emotion Effect." Step Three: Secrets of Text Placement: Have you ever wondered where to place text to make it more impactful? Text should always be on the right side of the thumbnail, as most people scroll from the right side of the screen. The text in Mr. Beast's thumbnails is clearly visible and always in the right place. Yes, the text should be large enough to be clearly visible on mobile. This is what we call " Text Powering Tip." Step Four: Concept of Intrigue Loop: Create an intrigue loop in the thumbnail that forces viewers to wonder what is happening next. Mr. Beast videos often feature a mystery, such as a lottery number or an open door, that entices viewers to click on the video. This is what we call an intrigue loop. Step Five: Contrast for Focus: The thumbnail should have contrast between the background and the main object, so that the main subject easily catches the eye. There's always contrast, where the background is light and the main subject is darker or brighter. This will instantly draw the viewer's attention. This is called contrast focus. So, these were some unheard-of secrets of thumbnail creation. Now it's your turn to use these tips and make your thumbnail unique and clicky. Remember, thumbnailing is an art that's as simple as it looks, yet complex. If you take inspiration from big names like Mr. Beast, your video can also be a success. If you liked this video, please like and subscribe so we can share more such secrets with you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @officalShadow18: Abe jhatu thumnail kaha bana raha hai 😂 , aur itni shuddh hindi 😂

- Steal MrBeast’s Thumbnail Formula With AI: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to create thumbnails like Mr. Beast using AI in under 10 minutes every single time. And the first tool that I'm going to show you is something I already presented in another video called Hakesfield AI, where we went over how Clang 2.6 can create AI videos, video attached somewhere over here. But in this case, we're going to be using Nano Banana Pro and Chat GBT, a custom agent I call Viral Thumbnail Pro. And this agent is trained on how to create thumbnails for like Mr. Beast, Mr. Who's the Boss, Dude Perfect, etc. And it's trained by the same people who create their thumbnails. So, where do we begin in all this? Well, we're going to begin with a live demonstration to show you how it works. So, using Viral Thumbnail Pro, we're just going to click I want to create a thumbnail. Okay, we're going to let it run. So the first thing it's going to ask is for at least one asset to integrate into the thumbnail. And if we use this as an example because see there is an asset of me. So pick one to start your face, a key object. You can include multiple assets. Okay. While you grab that, here are three proven thumbnail concepts, a question, shock reveal, cliffhanger outcome. And in this one, we're actually going to create the thumbnail for this video in this video. So, what I think would be really awesome is if we we went with concept A, which is how to create thumbnails like Mr. Beast using AI. It's obviously going to be a shorter title. So, visual. Okay, great. So, I'm actually going to create an asset here with you. So, I'm going to take my phone and I'm going to take a picture of myself. I'm going to do something a little silly like Okay. And I'm actually going to plug these. Let me take one more cuz that looks kind of bad. Okay. And I'm going to send these all through AirDrop to the computer. So I just got all these images and I'm just going to drag them here and ask which one do you like best. It's done. So it told me it liked image 8 8347 which is this one. Ah, okay. I can run with it. It's probably going to make it look beautiful anyways. So let me just take that image now. 8437 and I'm just going to copy it and I'm going to do this. All right. So, obviously that's the one I wanted to roam with why it wins. So, it breaks it down and then I gave it a thumbnail title. I said I'm going to create something like how to create thumbnails like Mr. Beast and it told me to fix it under 50 characters. So, it gave me some ideas and then I said I'm going to run with steal Mr. Beast's thumbnail formula. And I asked it what other assets should I include in the thumbnail. So it said assets to pick. Pick two to three total, a proof asset, a formula asset, or a Mr. Beast Q, what not to add? And I went ahead and I was thinking, what could I add to this to make it really legitimate? And I was like, could I use his face? So I consulted a little bit or maybe a top secret picture. So, I'm not going to gatekeep what I did because that wouldn't be right, obviously. I went ahead and I went on Canva and I literally just created the image that I wanted to use. And this is that exact one. So, I literally just went to elements, grabbed the Manila folder, added top secret, and I downloaded it. The original version that I had was pretty flat. I said, "Eh." And it gave me an idea of what I could do. just remove the viral thumbnail text and just keep top secret stamp. So I did exactly that and it said this version's way better. So going through it, I attached image 8347, the one that it picked and I copied this image. I placed it here. I took this image. I copied it. I pasted it here. I let them load. Okay? And all I did was take the prompt that followed after this and I pasted it here. I didn't need to add any prompt from chat GBT with these two images again because iterating after you've created the initial is a lot easier than just attaching the images. You'll create the thumbnail and then we'll iterate it a couple versions until we get it exactly the way that we wanted to. So all I would do is make sure the settings are tight for the original creation. I do 2K. Then I would just click unlimited and it would start processing it for me. And this is the original one that it gave me. And I thought it looks pretty dang good. But apparently, as per the way I've instructed this agent, it rated it a 7.6. So the great thing about Viral Thumbnail Pro is that it's only going to give you a deliverable to post once it's at least an eight or above, which is great. So this is the iteration process of creating your thumbnail. And then it gave me feedback as to what I should prompt next to make the image better. So basically it gave me the revision and all I did on the first one was click edit. It took the image and then I pasted this prompt. Okay. So after that I waited a little bit. So let's take a look at the first one and I'm going to show you actually the first one here and I'm going to show you the second one that it created after the edit. So I believe there was a little bit more contrast on the face. It made this bigger here. Okay. And then after I did this one, it rated it a 8.2, which was post ready. And it gave some other feedback. So I said, "Well, what could we do to make it a 10 out of 10, right? Because obviously if it could be better, let's make it better." And I typically do an original, something to make it better, and then I run with the third if I think it's good enough because Chad is just going to keep iterating. I don't know if I should switch to Gemini. Am I basic for using chat? Comment below. But in any case, right, so I said, "What could we do to make it a 10 out of 10, bro?" Like, come on. So, it gave me another prompt. So, I did the same thing. I came here, I clicked edit, and then I put the same prompt. I waited a little bit of time, and then it gave me this one. So, let's go ahead and look at the original one that I put in. And you could tell this is obviously bigger. It added some highlight here. So, the contrast on my face is significantly better here. I really love this white outline. And then I'm going to show you what happened in the rest of the conversation for the final. So after I posted this one, it rated it a 9.1 out of 10. And I didn't go ahead and run with any final revisions. But basically, this is thumbnail ready. So guys, if you got value out of this, please consider subscribing. That's going to be the best way to support me and the best way to stay uptodate with all the AI tools that I use and how I use AI to improve my business personally. Please like the video as well. Comment below any feedback or questions that you might have. And if you need any further instructions or help, I've attached a free school link in my description below. It's free till the end of this year. And I'm building a course on how to build content just like me and big creators. So you can join me on my journey. You can ask a lot of really good questions in there. And I also do weekly live calls every Saturday, 2:00 p. p.m. Eastern Standard, where you can come on live and ask your questions to me personally with my team. So guys, I will see you guys on the next one, and thank you for watching until the end. Take care.

- I Analyzed MrBeast's Path to 1 BILLION Subscribers (What I Found!!): Kind: captions Language: en 2015. Mr. Beast uploads his 700th video, 12 views. After 18 hours of editing, his more masks. Maybe it's time for college. But instead of quitting, he did something that changed everything. He stopped creating and started studying. Watch top YouTubers frame by frame. Tracked patterns, filled notebooks with data. What he found, YouTube success isn't about creativity. It's about triggering three specific emotions in 0.3 seconds. That's faster than a blink. That's how fast your brain decides to click core scroll. And once he understood this, everything changed. Here's the system. The three motions that make people click. Curiosity. What happens next? Disbelief. No way that's real. For now, everyone's watching this but me. Mr. Beast tested this obsessively. Same video, five different thumbnails. One thumbnail, 2% click rate equals 47,000 views. Another thumbnail, 14% click rate equals 3.2 million views. Same video, different emotion. That 12% difference. That's the gap between struggling and going viral. He wasn't making content anymore. He was engineering emotions. And it's all based on three variables. The system that turns one viral video into an unstoppable channel. Part three drops in 72 hours and it's the reason Mr. Beast doesn't just go viral, he stays viral. Subscribe so you don't miss it. Welcome to the beast formula.

  Top Comments:
  1. @invextorpoma: 😮😮
  2. @Alagbachiemeriegoodness: Just can't stop thinking about how you put this all together

- I Remade MrBeast’s $10,000 Thumbnail for FREE: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone, in this video I am going to show you how to create a highly engaging YouTube thumbnail in this Mr. Beast using some simple but powerful techniques in Adobe Photoshop. So let's jump right in. First thing first, I opened Photoshop and created a new canvas at 1920x 1080 pixels. This is the standard YouTube thumbnail size. So make sure you are using these exact dimensions. Next, I dragged in the sports stadium background. I carefully positioned it to make sure the framing felt balanced and the focal point was strong. This background is going to set the entire mood of the thumbnail. So, take your time here. After that, I imported the sports car PNG which I created using Gemini Pro 3. Since it already had a transparent background, it was perfect for compositing. I scaled it up slightly and positioned it where it felt powerful and eye-catching. Then I brought in the driver PNG which was also cleaned up using Gemini Pro 3. I placed him inside the car, but at this stage he still looked like he was floating on the top. So here is an important technique. I lowered the opacity of the driver layer to around 50% so I could see the car underneath. Then I selected the lesser tool and carefully made a selection of the lower part of the body, the area that should be hidden inside the car. Once the selection was ready, I picked the eraser tool and removed that hidden portion. After that, I brought the opacity back to 100%. Now the driver actually looks like he is sitting inside the car, not twisted on top of it. At this point, I compared my work with a Mr. Beast reference thumbnail. And that's when I realized something was missing. So, I imported the Cheita PNG and positioned it in a way that balanced the overall composition. I adjusted the scale and placement until everything felt dynamic and visually exciting. Now that all the assets were in place, it was time to polish the thumbnail. I started by adding a sub shadow near the neck of the character. This helps sell realistic lighting and makes the subject feel grounded in the scene. I used a soft brush with low flow and built the shadow gradually. I also applied some dodge and burn to the face using curves just to add more depth and dimension. I won't go deep into the facial detaching hair. That's a separate topic, but even light adjustments make a big difference. Next, I added a soft shadow over the right shoulder to create separation from the background. This adds depth and gives the cinematic look we see in the Mr. Beast thumbnails. Now let's move on to color grading the car which is very important step. I added a color balance adjustment layer, clipped it to the car and increased warm tones, especially reds and yellows across shadows, midtone and highlights. This gives the car that warm cinematic feel. To slightly mute the colors, I added a vibrance layer, reduced both vibrance and saturation and clipped it to the car as well. This helps match the more controlled professional look. After that, I added an exposure layer and brought the brightness down slightly to make the car feel heavier and more grounded. Then I used a curve adjustment layer, inverted the mask, and painted only on the shadow areas of the car. This adds depth and makes the lightning feel more realistic. Even after all that, I noticed some areas were still too bright. So, I added another curves layer and fine-tuned the lighting by painting selectively, constantly comparing it with the Mr. Beast reference thumbnail. Next, I created a sub vignette on the background. This gently darkens the edges and pulls the viewer's focus towards the center of the thumbnail. Then, I noticed the car seat area was too dark and losing detail. So, I added another exposure layer, inverted the mask, and painted only on the areas to bring back details. That seat also had a yellow tint, so I corrected it using a color balance layer, pushing the tone slightly towards the blue. Again, this adjustment was clipped and applied only where needed to add depth between the cheetah and the car. I painted a soft shadow beneath the cheetah. I placed it on a layer below. Set the blend mode to multiply and lower the opacity. This small detail makes a huge difference. Next, I focused on the face color. Compared to the reference, it was too yellow. So, I added a color balance layer, pushed the tones towards red and magenta, clipped it to the subject, inverted the mask, and painted only on the face. Now, the subject had that warm punchy look that grabs attention instantly. Finally, it was the time to bring everything together. I created a stamped layer using shift control alt and e. Renamed it and converted it into a smart object. Then I opened camera raw filter. Inside camera raw, I slightly cooled the temperature, increased exposure, added contrast, adjusted vibrance and fine-tuned highlights, shadows, and clarity. These final tweaks gave the thumbnail that clean professional finish. And that's it. We have successfully created a high impact YouTube thumbnail in the style of Mr. Beast using Photoshop. If you find this tutorial helpful, make sure to like and subscribe for more Photoshop tutorials.

  Top Comments:
  1. @howtodesign786 [1 likes]: I spent hours recreating this to prove that Photoshop skills are the ultimate cheat code for YouTube. 🎨

On a scale of 1-10, how close did I get to the original MrBeast style?

P.S. I’m thinking about remaking a Nike or Tesla ad next... who wants to see that?
  2. @SportsBase2.0 [1 likes]: Can you provide PSD file please?
  3. @theantiquerestorations [1 likes]: So simple yet so impactful 👏

- AI Viral Thumbnails: Generate Mr. Beast-Style YouTube Thumbnails with Google AI (No Designer Needed): Kind: captions Language: en So how to create viral thumbnails with the help of Google nano banana. So what exactly like in the past you need to hire some designer to have a good like clickbait because in YouTube it matters a lot when you are posting something with some designs and if you want a good clickup rate the thumbnail is the most important task in the whole video of your YouTube and what if you need not to hire a designer you can create a viral thumbnails from Google Nano for this what exactly you need is first you need to have a Google account and nano banana if you go to Google studio you can go to Google nano banana and you need to paste a prompt so lots of time people will tell you that you need to be very good in the prompt then only you will able to do that of but what if I will use a software again an AI software to get an inspiration and right now like I am telling you how to create a viral thumbnails. So right now to make it and use it for the same of my video which I am right now speaking of I am doing the same stuff in front of you how I will create this thumbnail. So the software which I will be using over here that is called hickfield. So I will be using hickfield for this and hickfield.ai. You can use directly go to nano banana and do the same stuff but I like this because every software like videos and images all are at same place. So first we'll go to image and then we need to select Google nano banana 4K. And now I want to create I need to give up a prompt character consistent viral thumbnail identify look excl the same as image one. So why I want I just uploaded one of my image from my library and the major problem with the AI tools is they are not able to make a stable character consistency. So when you are just prompting them, it will change the looks of yours or whatever character you are uploading. But over here it will be same. So I'm just first prompt is to make it image same expression. Now I need to add my expression. So make him make him curious. So I can curious. So I told him make him curious while combine subjects with bold graphing text in a single pass. I just want a single text out of it. And then I have put the entire prompt in the description as well. Keep the facial exactly same. Express like ex curious. Let me change it to curious. And we need to add a text AI thumbnails. So for like if you add lots of your text on your thumbnails so it will never get more clicks. So you need to be hardly like AI viral thumbnails. AI thumbnails viral. So viral word catches attention a lot. Pop style use thick. And now I need to add a background in the background. Showing YouTube thumbnails, a group of YouTube thumbnails with showing 1 million views, 3 plus million views as a small text. So add background showing YouTube thumbnails a group like 3 million views as a small text. High contrast, ultra sharp edges, cinematic lights, oversized emotional faces, YouTube viral style, 16-9, bold colors, clean composition, glossy finish, no text clutter, thumbnail style of Mr. Beast and diary of co plus value entertainment. So here I need to put entire prompt and I have put already in the description of the same video available on YouTube, LinkedIn, wherever you are watching it. And now let's click on unlimited. So it will start creating it. Till then I can show you like lots of other stuff which we can do it from here. So again we have Cream Flux Flux 2.0 is again very good for creating the same stuff and what if whatever we are creating we can try it from this model as well. So I will copy same I will go into flux pro and generate it. Okay. So 3 ratio 4 was this but I need to make it 169. Now again we'll go to Cream. Again we'll do the same stuff 16-9. So I'm using Google nanobana. The output of Google nanobana is quite good. But here we will check everything like okay how other models are working. So here we have checked nanorobana cim same stuff and then flux 2 and z image. Instead of z image we can try cling 01. Here I need to upload the same pics. So let me go to the downloads on WhatsApp. Let's try this. And let's try and do it unlimited. Now check we'll see the output. So this one is Google Nano Banana. 1 million views, 3 million views. That is exactly what I like. And the face is curious. So this is the first one. AI viral thumbnails. Let me download it. I love it. But we'll compare the all other stuff. So this is Flux 2.0. Still it did a good job for the mobile version. Character consistent is again same. This I don't like the character consistency. So flux 2.0 might be not good for character. So it change my entire photo. But AR and these look very basic. So if we compare Flux with Google Nano Banana, see the thumbnail style and this thumbnail. Okay, this is again a good stuff. Seedream again did a pretty good job. AI viral thumbnails and I think this will also get good clicks. So what I will be exactly doing is in YouTube now we have AB testing of the thumbnail. So we always do the AB test but Cream right now is good and the last we can check. So see that was the older model of Chad GPT Delhi like where it lots of these mistakes. So cling 01 image 01 is not I think good. So the exact winner is Google nano banana and the other is this one that is seeding. So these two are entirely a good winner where we can create these thumbnails. And if you see all my videos, all thumbnails are experimented from this. But if you see these these are not quite good. So I figure out after using a while which one are the good thumbnails. So if you see like I experimented a lot then I come up with this okay and that prompt works a lot and that's why I'm just giving you the entire prompt in the description where you can have these parameters. So I like these are two winners and I will do the AB testing of the same so that I can show you how exactly these things work and which one is closely winner in terms of views because sometimes what happened we are experimenting something and then we think okay this is the winner but audience will decide which one is the real winner and do subscribe for more air updates and see you shortly in my next video. Let's implement a napon. Thank you.

- Mr Beast On the Art of Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I could tell looking at your videos your a thumbnail thumbnail man yeah someone some in art it's some in our ass some in our thumbnail tell me about your diva philosophy when it comes to thumbnails I definitely know that you will go far out of your way to capture it right yeah well I mean like we do crazy videos so you want to you know you want to optimize it so it does well so I can recoup the most part what I spend on a lot of these videos but it would help if you asked a little more specific like which videos or stuff like that well I was watching the one with the glowing sword specifically yeah and so were you cut in half of the car yeah yeah we attempted to I thought it would work I don't know why but it didn't well uh yeah I don't know why but you guys went out into a field and then for the thumbnail you took a picture of yeah Conan the Barbarian cutting the car in half for a good thumbnail yeah so I was just wondering you know do you do you frequently go that far out of your way we're to capture the thumbs yeah I mean of course everyone should I mean if people don't flick they don't watch so you want to give them something to click yeah but for the most part I mean some are a little fluff but we try to represent the video and I feel like we do so I mean there's nothing bad about it you know what I mean because just when people talk about thumbnails usually there's a negative kind of do I admire your thumbnail game it's really good my thumbnail names [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] my thumbnail game is awful what was your new video it had like a blue background I'll show you yeah I just I remember seeing it and kind of actually liking it I just thought oh you did like it yeah okay we got the stamp of approval yeah Manti million views easily no didn't do that well it under Wow leave that one 3350 packs and pop rocks that's a banger Matt's Tony you know that guy no I don't know days ago I just know by looking at that I know that's gonna be a lot of use dude that's four days ago Matt's Tony we got it dude you got competition I need to fill a pool of pop rocks whatever just kidding um this one yeah let's try kissing man my problem with this thumbnail is that you don't watch your own video this is not an uncommon that we actually watched at I wash like 20 times yeah my problem with this thumbnail is that you don't you don't know it's our video yeah um I don't know I that we'd have to have a longer conversation about I mean if if I was trying to give you advice but uh I mean that type of stuff works well leafy didn't you know did thumbnails like that everyone knows as him like everyone's seeing that seizure name it knows that you you know what I mean it's not yeah it's like most of your thumbnails don't really have your face so like no they don't yeah so people are just always didn't have looked at about well anyway yeah yeah that's overthinking it at that point it really doesn't matter all right so um I guess thumbnails since I was it's just uh you know you just want to make something I think if we're giving it by something a lot of people forget it's like unseated on phones thumbnails are really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] small so like people are editing thumbnails full-blown on their new year and when you shrink it down you can't see all these little things yeah we do that we may always do that yeah I always make you like tiny then there you go perfect yeah I like to just like take a screenshot of my phone and then just put my thumbnail over a thumbnail and then I can just see what it looks like so that's how you get your thumbnail over a thumbnail yeah exactly and then just look at on your phone and just be like if I was a normal person what I'd care to clean on it yeah the thing that always gets me to is they put like the the amount of duration on the bottom right and the time stage it always like covers text exactly that's why you never put text in the bottom right thanks yeah [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @R49_Complete [3 likes]: Mr Beast is one of the worst things to happen to American Media and the internet in general. He proved that the way to rise to the top in today's mass slop proccessed media is to manipulate and produce as much mindless ADHD sludge as possible and never take your hooks out of people's attention spans. 9 figure a year business and the guy does nothing that stimulates neurons. Nothing.
  2. @meropticon_1651 [3 likes]: Open your mouth like you're trying to catch a fly and make a soyface. Here, saved you 4 mins.
  3. @MESSY-AF [3 likes]: al he does is he opens his mouth and makes a weird face
  4. @Luschan [2 likes]: It’s crazy how openly artless and impersonal the biggest most successful YouTuber after all time is. His entire rise to fame came from building a business out of analyzing the exact formulas that make content as widely spread as humanly possible. 

It really creeped me out seeing the timelapse of a video’s thumbnail being carefully tweaked and edited to appeal to different demographics, as well as figuring out what facial expressions and emotions get people to click on the video until the final thumbnail is a weird frankenstein of the elements that were most effective in luring a person to click based on what the image implies at a glance. 

I don’t really know how to put it into words, but I’m simultaneously repulsed and in absolute awe at how proudly uninterested he is in anything resembling legitimate personal expression or connection with his audience.
  5. @CapRullman [2 likes]: Yooo chucky does the the thumbnails z house
  6. @arigutman [1 likes]: This is a great video, a lot of insights... Throwing this out there for anyone... THOUGHTS on my thumbnails?
  7. @davidc.8755 [1 likes]: He even went out of his way to say 33 at 1:43 when he didn't have to and tries to pass it off. Fr@@m@sonic s@tanist!
  8. @Lam0rak [1 likes]: Can we talk about how that 350 packs of pop rocks video has 22 million views? And since this video only has 111k views, all of those didn't come from him lol, hes just that good.
  9. @SK-yy7wd [1 likes]: damn where‘d mrbeast get his shirt from
  10. @worldversusd3537 [1 likes]: What I’m still wondering is, why does he look stoned in some of his video thumbnails?
  11. @MRdeLaat: put a bright frame on the thumbnails with a face that has a open mouth
  12. @davidc.8755: Shi11ing for the "g@y" rainbow. Just an absolutely disgusting presentation all of this . Mr beast all right
  13. @The_Wong: I can’t tell right now
  14. @Gelle_77: ٤
  15. @TWFMF: Lmao this is so awkward, mr beast is just sonning h3h3
  16. @yassinefathisw1523: best advices from the best one in youtube 🤩
  17. @pedrosendejojr: There cringe ASF of his thumbnails
  18. @devakinandan23: My Takeaway:-
1. People should go out of there way to creat tumbnail (nothings wrong about it)...
2. Check your Tumbnails on phones, (they look very small on phone)
3. Make sure not to place text on bottom right.
4. Don't overthink, just ask YS would a normal person would care to click on it?
5. Make sure others people and you like the tumbnail. 
6. Make sure the content is also good. 
7. Eat bananas and chill
  19. @danmikeatei: I love it
  20. @pythro_: 1:41 How did he know  

HOW

- so people are mad at Mr Beast: Kind: captions Language: en - You know the phrase, "Short and sweet?" Well, this video's gonna be short and irritated. (sunglasses clattering) That's it, that's my intro. (cartoon popping) Hi, I'm Amanda, you're watching "Swell Entertainment," and we are, today, talking about something that I saw on the Internet that irritated me. Hello. I kid you not, not even two hours after I exported the final edit of this video, I see on Twitter from Dexerto, MrBeast has fully taken down his AI thumbnail generator. Big wins, big wins. My feelings are still the same, and my feelings about AI generators are the same, so I'm giving Jimmy this win, okay? But I'm going to leave the video as the final edit was, so I do get irritated at Jimmy quite a bit and I get irritated at thumbnail AI people quite a bit, and AI tools in general for creators, and also, the quotes that Jimmy had put out prior to this talking about how, "I'm trying to make YouTube more accessible for people that doesn't have 300 employees," okay? Because I still think that's an insane quote because that shouldn't be the baseline. So I'm gonna leave this video with this, but I wanted to make sure this is up here, very clearly, upfront so you know my thoughts and that this has been changed. Jimmy has a video on his Twitter, it says, "Hey, thanks for all the feedback on the ViewStats AI thumbnail tool, we pulled it and added a funnel for creators to find real thumbnail artists to commission." Fantastic, amazing, this is why bullying works, no, I'm kidding. We'll now be linking that tweet down below instead, and then, obviously, other links that I mentioned in the video, okay? Okay, bye. When it comes out of the creator community is where I get really irritated a lot, okay? Especially as another creator. There's a lot in this space, actually, that drives me up the wall, but, you know, usually I'm just like, "I'm just gonna stay in my lane," but this one is an ongoing problem, I would say, and it's one that everyone has an opinion on because this person that put this out is the person that is seen as, like, the pinnacle of my industry, okay? For good and bad reasons. As a creator in this space, I've talked about this quite a bit, have never met Jimmy, have really no desires to meet Jimmy, I do think he's done good and bad in the creator space in particular, this one's bad. This one's bad. So let's talk about MrBeast's ViewStats, okay? Now, I've messed around with ViewStats from time to time, ViewStats is kind of like SocialBlade in the sense of where you can search up your channel. This is ViewStats right here, and as you can see up here, it says "Doctor Mike," let's search "Swell Entertainment." I remember when this launched a while ago, or at least it was announced that he had bought it, I played around with it a little bit... (Amanda laughing) I'm sorry, that's so not it. (laughs) Last 28 days, that's really funny. Without fail, these things, by the way, if you ever play around with SocialBlade or anything like that, usually what's off is the money, without fail, like, it's either usually way too high or way too low for creators, some creators will tell you yes or no of how high it is, I will tell you, this is low for me. But yeah, 2K subs, my views are a little all-over-the-place right now, I've been traveling a lot, so I haven't done much Shorts, but that's typically what this is, also, this is not my most recent video, interesting. MrBeast also recently put out a video two days ago, "Lose 100 LBs, Win $250,000!" That one's also getting some backlash because of the way they handled one of the people involved in the video's passing. I have not even been able to bring myself to watch the full video to form a coherent opinion on it, 'cause the one clip I saw was so tone-deaf and so devastating that I'm like, "You know what? I can't do it." I think if I watch the full thing, it'll just make me mad, but... So that's going on, and then, he posted this about a day or so ago and this post has been deleted, but thankfully, because sometimes, people forget where they put things on the Internet, this version of the video is still available. Here's the video itself so that you can see it, 'cause it's still here on ViewStats. "Create high-converting thumbnails. Leverage AI to create thumbnails that get clicks." - There's a new way to make professional-looking viral thumbnails with zero Photoshop experience. From creating customer results from any channel to literally being able to put your face on a thumbnail, it literally feels like cheating. This is the home of the AI tool where you can type in any channel on all of YouTube, and it'll use it as inspiration for the thumbnail it's generating, so for example, let's say you're MrBeast, you would just type in "MrBeast" here. Now, it's gonna look at all my recent videos and get inspiration from 'em, and for the prompt, I'm gonna type in, "Stranded on a volcano," and there you go, we now have a thumbnail with me dangling on the side of a volcano. You can type literally anything you want and it will generate a thumbnail for you in a style that will make a viral YouTube video. So copy a URL from any YouTube video, we'll just paste this one I have here, and in the prompt box, just tell it what to change to the thumbnail. To demonstrate, I have this F1 thumbnail with an F1 car, and so, in the prompt, I'm just gonna simply type in... - Someone else's video. - "Change F1 car to minivan," that is all I'm typing in, I'm gonna hit "Generate," and let's see what it produces. And boom, it's done, I... Bro, I'm not even joking, look, it swapped out the F1 race-car for a minivan. That was it! - There's another minute to the video, but that's the gist and what people are mostly mad about. One of the people that are featured behind them, they got a bunch of thumbnails from YouTubers' pages to have behind him, and he's like, "From any YouTuber," those people did not consent to being in this video or being used to advertise this tool, okay? Including... We know for a fact because one of those people is Jacksepticguy, who has openly said he does not like MrBeast and thinks that his content has actively ruined the platform in a lot of ways. So funny to me about this too is it's, like, MrBeast has spoken... I have seen him speak at VidSummit and the like about how much time and money they put into the thumbnail of a video, okay, on his end. They don't just use thumbnail artists, they have, like, a whole team of people making sometimes 100 thumbnails for one video, and then, they'll test out different ones to see what's gonna work, and then, tweak little bits of it and things like that, okay? And I believe back then, I can't remember, I believe he mentioned they used AI to, like, fix the faces or add an arm, and things like that, but the whole of the thumbnail designing is done by a team within the MrBeast business. He pioneered this content, this style of thumbnail, and then, now he's going to sell you access to a tool that makes a shittier version that's derivative of his version so that he can remain the top dog of that style of thumbnail, and again, it's the "take inspiration from any creator in in the world," and it's just like, I'm not even worried about people taking inspo from my videos, I have had people come to me and they're like, "So-and-so's stealing your thumbnail," and usually, it's just something as simple as, like, the red outline, which, like, a lot of us in the commentary space do and things like that, I just do that 'cause it's a little more eye-catching, but it's one of those things where I'm just like, "Okay," it's the stealing it on this level when we're also dealing with the fact that AI is being used to take content from creators. This will probably be talked about in my Cannes video, but they showed us a video at the YouTube keynote for the 20th anniversary of YouTube at Cannes Lions, a video clip of someone as a lion doing a review of Cannes Lions, okay? And it was so very clearly trained off of multiple Logan Paul-style vlogs. - Let's check out an exclusive preview of this new technology. You'll see they can talk now. - Hey, leo fam, we're live in Cannes, the glamour is incredible, the... (indistinct) Is freezing, the linen is pressed, let's go! Okay, YouTube just announced Veo 3 is coming to YouTube Shorts, you heard it here first, y'all. Look, gang, I made it, I'm on a boat. I told them the statue was my great-grandfather, let's go! Oh, this jet lag is killing me. That's it for me, I've done zero work, scanned 900 QR codes and spent lots on the company card, until next time. - And that was made by Google Veo, I believe, or whatever they're calling it now. For those who don't know, Google was training their AI that is now going to come to Shorts, and come to YouTube, and come to the world, Veo or whatever it's called, okay? 'Cause I can't keep track of all these goddamn names, off of YouTube videos, and they did this quietly without a lot of people knowing about it, let me show you real quick how to turn that off. This, for me, was automatically turned on, I had to turn it off. If you go to your YouTube Creator Studio and scroll down to "Settings," you can go to "Advanced settings" under "Channel" and scroll all the way down, and it'll show you, "Allow third-party companies to train AI models using my channel content," now, that's third-party, I'm assuming Google has just still been training off of my videos, that's the belief between me and quite a few creators that I've spoken to, that they've just been training AI, recently, the head of the "Diary of a CEO" podcast, Steven Bartlett, actually recently spoke about YouTube using AI. "Steven Bartlett warns YouTube over using creators' videos for AI. The 'Diary of a CEO' podcast host says that the video-sharing site will be hollowed out if it continues to take videos to train AI without paying creators," and this is from Mark Sellman from the Times, I'll link this down below. There's AI thumbnail generators and all that out there, this is one of those things where it's like, "Oh, this already exists," it's another thing to see a creator themselves do this, okay? Someone that has essentially, for lack of a better word, cannibalized the style of thumbnails on the platform to the point that today, I got an email from someone, let me see... "Hi go to the point I seen your youtube video I think your videos is very good but your thumbnail is not enough are you need a thumbnail designer?" It's a picture they took from my Instagram and turned into a image for my Universal Fan Fest. It also... They changed my eye color. It's a very weird, surreal video image to look at. Side note, if you were a thumbnail designer or an editor, one, proofread things, two, never insult the existing version of a creator's work if you wanna work with them. It's one thing to be like, "Hey, I wanna give you more time to work on videos and less time editing," or, "Hey, I love your videos. I think your thumbnails could use some tweaking, though, here's some options, would love to work with you to discuss what you're looking for," it's another things to be like, "Your thumbnails are bad, you don't do enough with them," also, this isn't a thumbnail they took, it's just dumb, it's so dumb, why did you do this? I posted this on my Instagram stories and people were like, "What is wrong with them?" (laughs) 'Cause this is just a nightmare edit, it's insane, actually, of me, I look like a weird doll. Now, like I said, these posts were deleted from Twitter, from MrBeast's page, so let's see if we can get some responses here. Azure said, "MrBeast's YouTube stats website now offers AI thumbnail generation, with the promoting of these features, directly copy the styles of other channels and artists, insert your face into someone else's thumbnail. Way to spit in the face of every thumbnail editor and artist." "Someone I know once reached out to test to be a thumbnail concept artist for him, and they spent hours and hours making concepts for MrBeast, only for him to ghost this person or replace the job listing online with a thumbnail AI generator specialist with half the salary." One of the things that people are mostly mad about is the fact that you can quite literally copy and paste the link to a video to rip off the thumbnail and put your face onto it. As a YouTuber, it's the dumbest part of my job, at the end of this video, I don't even send this clip to William, I do a full separate clip, and it's just me going, like... For, like, a good 30 seconds at least, just so I can rapid-fire, have a bunch of photos, okay? And screen grabs that I can then potentially use for a thumbnail once I get the edit back. It's the dumbest part of this job, okay? And thumbnails are something I barely spend any time on, I'm not one of those creators that thinks of a thumbnail, and then, makes the video afterwards, I love making videos, I'm going to make the video first and I'm gonna figure out how to package it all later because that's how I do business and how I make my content, and sometimes, I hit, and sometimes, I miss, but also, for the person that emailed me that as well and for anyone who's gonna sit here and be like, "Well, your thumbnails are ass," I've had literal professors come to me and share that they have showed my... Some of my thumbnails in their lectures to explain good versions of thumbnails when talking to a media class, just for the record, so yes, you are fully right, my thumbnails are not always going to hit, but they work for my audience and they work for me. I have hired a thumbnail artist before. They tried to do that MrBeast style of thumbnail, I did three videos with them, every single one of those videos, half the views that I normally get, because that style of thumbnail does not work with my content, and you guys, my audience, my core audience that makes up a bulk of my viewing, thought it was a channel pretending to be me and did not think it was actually me, or they thought I got hacked, the first video, the first thumbnail that went up, people were like, "Are you okay? Were you hacked? What's going on? Someone hacked your YouTube channel," people were freaking out because this style of thumbnail content, it just doesn't. Just so we're on the same page, no one cares. Someone replied, "Too lazy to even make a thumbnail, damn," "People do not like AI. MrBeast got so much backlash for his AI thumbnail thing, he had to delete his post. LMAO." "Worst part is it's $80 a month to steal other people's ideas." For ViewStats, it's a free thing, like, me looking up my stuff is free, but to get all the features including the AI generation tool, it's gonna be $80 a month. The cost is not that surprising for tools like this, it's the cost that's one of the things that people are going to point to when also, this is a fraction of probably what he pays the thumbnail artists that I know he definitely probably still uses, they can talk about the AI artists and things like that they use now which... To, you know, probably streamline the process and things like that, but he does still employ multiple artists at the very least to work on his thumbnails, because that's a huge portion of his business model for the MrBeast empire. So what would $80 a month get you? "Our full suite now includes AI thumbnail gen and more. Perfect for all creators. 1,000 AI Credits per month." It's a credit system? "Generate Viral Thumbnails." I don't think you can guarantee virality. I don't think you... Oh, someone's gonna sue you. "Thumbnails styled..." That... God, get rid of that right away, I'm helping you right now, I shouldn't be. All it's gonna take is someone making absolute AI slop and not getting any hits to sue you because you said you were gonna generate viral thumbnails. "Thumbnails styled to any channel. Face Swap, put yourself in any thumbnail. Recreate Your Favorite Thumbnails, get the perfect thumbnail with AI Editing, access to Discord." It's funny 'cause there's one thing where people are always asking me, like, "Are you worried about AI taking your job?" No, because I do think that eventually, me being able to read and write on my own without the help of ChatGPT will give me job security for the next 40 years. That being said as well, when it comes to content creation, I do think that at the end of the day, people are going to want humanity from their art, from their work, from their YouTube videos, and their reviews, and things like that, because an AI is always going to be biased because it's pulling off of existing media and existing information that it was trained on, it's not coming up with a new idea or a new review of anything like that. That AI video of someone doing, like, a vlog at Cannes Lions can only operate because someone was at Cannes Lions making that content, and it's not going to have the same review as I would, as someone who was going and experiencing that boiling heat, and walking up and down, you know, the... And everything like that, and experiencing that experience, AI can't do what I do in a lot of the regards of... When it comes to the events content, and I have played around with a few things when it comes to events and AI because that's usually the test that people are like, "Oh, can you test this out for us, okay?" And it usually comes down to the fact that AI will just straight up start making up events, it will just start making things up 'cause it doesn't know what to do with that information of... Like, if it doesn't have that dataset, it will just pull from something else randomly, so it won't even be like, "We don't have an answer for this," it'll just pull from another event, and then, make up the other details and hallucinate the other details to try and make something coherent that doesn't fit at all, so I'm not worried. As of two days ago, it's the 23rd as I'm recording this, DramaAlert shared, "EXCLUSIVE: MrBeast breaks silence on AI thumbnail tool backlash." This is allegedly a DM from Jimmy to someone from DramaAlert, "I see everyone's feedback on the tool and I'm working on a way to make it all right. The easiest being Face Swap would..." "Should only be able to swap your face on your thumbnail, obviously not others. Secondarily, I'll build this more in a way to be inspiration for artists, a tool they use and not replace them. Very good feedback. My goal with ViewStats is to build tools to level the playing field between people like me with 300 employees and new creators that can't afford a small army. I can't change software in an instant, but I'll def make a lot of updates and implement this feedback. Exclusive statement for MrBeast." This is probably the thing that I have the hardest time with when it comes to newer creators that are fans of MrBeast, but also, creators from other platforms, where they make, I don't wanna say lesser-quality videos, but they're very comfortable with just shooting off a TikTok and posting it, for some reason, trying to get those people to come and make the switch over to YouTube and make YouTube content, which is something that I'm a big advocate for for all my friends that are short-form, all of my friends watching this know that, they want the highest production quality possible, which is an admirable quality and trait, okay? But I have hit 500,000 subscribers here on YouTube with a Canon G7 X that I bought for vlogging. I had a $57 travel mic from Target for the longest time, this was a gift for free for my friend who got it from an event. I use GarageBand still, I use iMovie to edit. I don't know what William uses, William is my editor, I have one editor and I'm able to put out at least one long-form video a week, often two, this will probably be the second one this week. Been doing this full-time for five years. You don't need AI tools, you don't need 300 employees, there is healthy middle ground between relying on AI to do your creativity for you, which is what I feel like people are advertising when they come to me with AI tools, it's something to take over part of the creative process, as a creator, I love this part of my job, this is the easiest part of my job, sitting here and talking to the camera is the easiest part of my job, is there things that I'd be fine with AI potentially coming to take over? Yes. I would love for AI to help with translation, however, translation is a very tricky thing, especially with the speed that I talk, there is a new AI thing with YouTube when it comes to dubbing for dubbing in different languages, I have no idea how accurate that's going to be, I'm going to start looking for potential viewers who speak other languages to check this for me, because that's something that I'm very concerned about, is me accidentally saying something, and then, having it translated poorly so that it's, like, a slur in another language, that's concerning, I don't like that, but I acknowledge that there are accessibility uses for AI that are useful for a variety of people and a variety of creators. You being inartistic is not a handicap. It just is not. I can't draw for shit, I am a good writer, though, and so, that's where I put my creative energies, and then, I look for people to do my merch for me, you know, I don't need to use AI to do it, I find people that are better at the thing than me, and a lot of them, just for the chance to work with a creator, will do it at a very reasonable price, they will work with you on a price. There have been times where someone's done fan art, and I have paid them to license that fan art, and then, we do a further... I think one of my designs still on Fourthwall still has the credit for one of the artists that did the sunglasses design that's still up there, that was made by a fan that just made that and I was like, "Hey, can I pay you money and give you credit? Great, fantastic," okay, there are options, but also, when you have 1,000 subscribers, you don't need to be having an output of someone with 300 people working for them, it's not the same thing, why are people allergic to incremental growth? Why are people allergic to meeting your skill level where it's at, and learning, and growing, and developing, and things like that, I.... Like, iMovie works for me. I have friends that find it insane that I still use iMovie. I'm sure William finds it insane that I do the final edits for this channel, because William does the bulk of the edits, and then, I tighten things up because I'm insane, and I do that all in iMovie, okay? I'm sure he thinks that's insane. My team right now when it comes to production is me, myself, and William, that's it. (laughs) And if there's ever a time where I look at more people, I will be talking with William because he has been with me since 2021, I'm... I'm pointing like he's over here. (laughs) But even then, when I brought William on, it was something that was because I had been doing full-time for about a year, and I had reached my bandwidth of what I could edit and what I could do as a creator, and so, I decided to bring on one editor, and he just happened to be one of the people that I tested out who was great at the job, okay? There's going to be growing pains, but work with people. Maybe I'm just also defensive because though I'm not an artist, I don't identify as an artist myself, a lot of my audience is artists, and so, I'm very much like... (Amanda groaning in dismay) I know people in my audience would love to help with my thumbnails, and I'm sorry, I'm just a control freak. But I'm a control freak, the last thing I'm going to do is give my work, whether it's my photo, a thumbnail of my face, or my writing, or my video clips, and purposely feed it into an AI to tell me anything, fuck you, okay? Like, it's... No, I'll take the uprising when it comes, they can come and attack me all they want, but I'm not doing this shit with them, I'm just not, AI, MrBeast, otherwise. Vyse, in their response, said, "An AI tool that undermines creativity while being trained off of unethical datasets cannot possibly be 'made right.' You either double-down on the obscene $80-month dollar fee or cancel the project." PointCrow replied to MrBeast's original video sharing about the AI tool, and shared a screenshot of a former tweet from 2021, from MrBeast where he complained about one of the biggest channels in Russia that just steals his thumbnails and puts their face on it, and was talking about the hypocrisy of that. "So MrBeast gets to complain about channels stealing his thumbnails, then turn around and make a tool that does the same thing but faster and cheaper? He promotes his new AI tool in a video on the site saying that it can copy any channel's style of thumbnails to YouTube videos, and that you can even edit it so it's your face instead of the creators. He initially states it's so that this can be used for inspiration, but then, continues on and notes that this will literally be the way to generate your thumbnails going forward. I spend days, weeks, sometimes months thinking of thumbnails, working with artists to craft the perfect one, and you've made something that can steal my and my artists' hard work without thought. Your model is clearly trained on all our thumbnails and uses them without any creator's permission and makes it not only easy, but it also attempts to make this socially acceptable too. Way to take out the creator in content creator and the fun that comes from thinking of new ideas. Majorly fuck this, if there is a class-action lawsuit, count me in, I'm done with this guy." I believe Eric talked with Jimmy at some point. "Had a chat with MrBeast about his AI thumbnail creation tool. While I'm uncertain what will be happening moving forward, I voiced my thoughts directly to him. Great idea to want to make content creation more accessible, but this isn't remotely the solution to that and actually fundamentally hurts creators as a whole. Just mentioning because I think it's important to note that he reached out, even though we still largely disagree. Leaving everything up to discourage this still, and I'll count this hopefully as a bookend on the saga. Cheers." And then, Jimmy replied, "I appreciate all the feedback! I love the YouTube community more than anyone can even remotely comprehend. Already working on changes like Face Swap should only be used for your face on your thumbnail, obviously not others. And overall, I'll build this more in a way a tool they can use and not replace them. can't afford a small army." When I talk about accessibility, I am talking literally about accessibility, I'm talking about, you know, captioning and making sure that images have proper text on them so that E-readers can understand them And audio readers and things like that can understand them, I'm using... Fumbling terms here. Do you know what's super accessible about content creation? Content creation. I don't know where we got this belief that, like, YouTube creating, or TikTok creating, or being a creator in any sense of capacity is not incredibly accessible. Like, I'm so surprised, if you have a phone and a... With a microphone on it right now, you can post a video, you can edit it on your phone, post it from your phone, all this stuff, like, it's so incredibly accessible, and if you don't happen to pop off, if you don't get viral, like, you are not guaranteed virality, which is why I think your terms are a slippery slope, Jimmy, if you see this, you are not guaranteed virality. AI is not going to make virality easier for you, they will claim they will try, and they'll give you some tools, but as far as building an actual audience, building longevity, a career, you might get a viral video because AI told you to film a video and upload it of you with a flaming cup on your head, but you still put a flaming cup on your head and posted it, you know, like, you are gonna do the work at some point. Yes, MrBeast's style of content is not accessible, but it's also not accessible for him. He has openly said that every time he makes a video, a good chunk of the time, it bankrupts the whole company until it comes back in again. Like, he has done multiple videos that bring his... His bottom line to zero, no one should be creating like MrBeast 'cause he creates like an insane person, and it works for him, no one should be doing my travel schedule and my upload schedule because I'm an insane person and it works for me, okay? You know, like, there's... Different things are going to work for you than what any creator currently existing does, and that's the point, you shouldn't want to be another type of creator. Be yourself. (laughs) I am looking directly into your soul. Make your stuff, film your videos, post your videos, edit your videos. Are you going to find your audience right away? Potentially no, I did this for years with less than 6,000 subscribers, getting less than 800 views a video, it just takes one to hit, and guess what? I did it without fucking AI. You can too, huzzah! Okay, like, I... I'm getting deranged, I'm still super jet-lagged from FransChat, okay? But I'm dead serious, this is so dumb, and your thumbnails, yes, are going to be stupid, sometimes, they're just gonna be screen-grabs. Here is MoistCr1TiKal, penguinz0 on YouTube, he is getting... Let's go to his videos, okay, just a screen-grab from the video. 300,000 views, two hours ago, okay? A screen-grab from "Silent Hill," 625K, "I'm Happy This Loser Got Arrested," a random photo of a guy, you can't even... He's not in handcuffs, there's not an insane deep-fried edit to it, it's just, "I'm Happy This Loser Got Arrested," two million views in one day. You don't need AI thumbnails to get you the perfect thumbnail. (Amanda exclaiming in frustration) God, what's another one of my videos? Let's go to me again, hold on, let me pull up an example. What, a screen-grab with a title, and then, arrows pointing to me and the person I'm talking about, 2.1 million views. Oh, I hit 2 million views on that. (laughs) Cool. A thumbnail that I shittily edited where I'm not well-lit at all, "The worst youtube boxing event," 1.1 million views, okay? "How to destroy your audience's trust," 1 million views, "It's so bad," I'm not even in this thumbnail, 800K views, Ace Fest, it's just a photo of me on a ride 'cause I'm the only one on that ride, that alone evokes an emotion. "De-influencing you," this horrible thumbnail, bad thumbnail, there's mess behind me, I'm sitting in front of my desk in my old apartment, and then, there's little photos of the de-influencing trend of different products that people have bought, that's it, these are bad thumbnails objectively, but they work for me and that's what's worked. What do you like? Make it. Make it. Just yelling now, okay, that's going to be it. Jimmy, if you see this, delete the program. (laughs) You don't need to speed run your villain arc, I don't know how you thought or who on your team told you this was a good idea, and that the community would respond well to this, I really don't know. Anyways, that's going to be it. Did you see this tool? Have you seen AI tools? Have you tried any AI tools? Fuck it, tell me, what's up? What's bopping? Do you think this is everyone overreacting? Let me know, comment down below. Reminder, I stream on Twitch... Is now available on Spotify, reminder that... Is my car and motorsports channel, you can go check that out if you'd like more car content. Shout-out to my channel members, you can also join channel memberships, you can go and click join down below, if you'd like to follow me on social media, that'll be all up here, and that's gonna be it, have a little day, goodbye. (upbeat string music) My outro clip is just me saying, "Fuck AI."

  Top Comments:
  1. @EavandersCavern [1 likes]: There are blind creators, deaf creators, wheelchair user creators... I think don't quite think they need help from AI to do any of what they want to share.
  2. @LeslieAwesome-0 [1 likes]: Who else loves Williams’s random editor’s comments 😂🙋‍♀️
  3. @jerseydawg101 [1 likes]: And yet Markiplier was being framed by a "fan" for using Ai when he proved that he makes all of his thumbnails...
  4. @MarcusTSMarcus [1 likes]: I’d love to see you take a look at the thing where ChatGPT replaced one of their older models with a new AI model and suddenly a bunch of people who were in some sort of para social relationship with their AI model came out of the woodwork and were furious forcing open AI to go back and re-add the old model.
  5. @eskimopie7687 [1 likes]: I have watched Swell for years well before her Lilly video. I have NEVER seen her this genuinely upset. Great video, Swell. Glad you frankly talk about the low barrier to entry. Many people are convinced they need a lot of fancy gadgets to get into YouTube, when that is not the case. I appreciate that you frankly talk about the low barrier to entry. Many people are convinced they need a lot of fancy gadgets to get into YouTube, when that is not the case.
  6. @nharber9837: I made my initial thumbnails in Krita, and used Davinci Resolve, which I learned how to use from a YouTube video. Most people have a device with a camera or a drawing tablet. Content creation is currently accessible.
  7. @Devinw1213: So Mr B's basically just said hey let this AI someone else's hard work and it will emulate that hard work without giving that creative money or recognition for that item and just use it
  8. @Carlosmgcosta: 100% about the humanity thing. There are genuine content creators I’ve stopped watching when I realized they stopped doing voice overs and used ai among other things.
  9. @mtt0508: thank you for saying how to turn off the ai training. I have a few (barely existant) channels that I don't want scraped. On the other hand, I have a channel that uploads copyrighted media clips. They can scrape that all they want and deal with Disney and Warner later
  10. @VideoCentral-bh9tf: Listen right, making thumbnails? Not actually that hard, at least from a technical perspective. If you understand some basic rules and know how to use a simple program, thumbnails become quite accessible. It's not gonna be super easy ofc, but you dont need a lot of deep photoshop skills or super cinematic prowess. 

If the Jimmy Beast Creator thing taught the basic rules of thumbnails while giving pointers and examples on how to get certain aesthetics, it would be quite helpful. Once you teach certain rules and get across the idea of what makes a good thumbnail, people can way more easily build thier own thumbnails for free basically.
  11. @catboyinchief: with the random unsolicited thumbnail email, why go out of the way to change the eye color???
  12. @alpenglow_skies: It makes sense they call it Veo because there's no "i" in the videos it produces... completely soulless
  13. @decafheather: i hate mr beast. ai is not impressive. it is not getting better. do not allow stupid hateful people to speak for disabled people. art has always been human, and it has always been accessible, and disabled people have always been creating art. there is not barrier, you are just consumed by false ideas. meditate, go outside, then you can create the same as everyone else. show us who YOU are. sentience is so strange and unlikely and unique. USE IT.

ai is a bubble and it will crash. it does not make money, it only uses up horrific amounts of power. nobody needs ai. if you just log off, you would never be inclined towards ai.
  14. @Your_Local_Emo912: We tolerated Mr beast and all his B's but AI is too far. I always thought he was a bad person but now people can't deny it
  15. @meratheafflictionwarlock: Fuck AI! I'm so tired of so many people trying to prove that creating things with AI is great. It's shit. The videos, drawings, paintings, poems, any kind of text really, fucking all of it. It's all bad and I hate it. AI is wrong most of the time. AI is soulless. AI is fucking stupid and I wish it would just go away. I'm so fucking tired of having it shoved in my face almost every day all over the internet AND in real life.
  16. @Takapon218: The AI thumbnail thing drives me nuts because I truly would rather see a thumbnail scribbled in MS paint or poorly 'shopped in GIMP than AI slop. Literally anything with human element.
  17. @sirkflowers7614: I barely even register thumbnails?  I read the blurb that tells you what the video is about?
  18. @Sicecho: The more I learn about my world the less I want to be apart of it- sichecho
  19. @KarlWitsman: Your speed talk at the end always amazes me that you don't trip up on it.  Amazing!
  20. @Cainb23: normal people mad at ai bc you dont understand it at all and its so annoying just watch doug doug's video on it instead of being clueless

- Why I Don't Like the Biggest Youtuber? Mr. Beast AI Thumbnail Software Drama: Kind: captions Language: en All right, guys. Here in this video, I'm going to explain you why I don't like what Mr. Beast does out there on YouTube. It doesn't mean that I'm like Mr. Beast hater or something. I just don't like that platform turns fully commercial for many of the major creators and is now seen as the field to get the money, nothing more. I think it's the new philosophy of the guys like Mr. Beast and the recent actions of him confirm that. Yeah, again, it's the new wave of hate from creators as well towards Mr. Beast and this time I would say it's well deserved. Yeah, I couldn't find this original video of Mr. Beast, that's why he got hate and he deleted it. But, the video was seen by many of the influencers. I searched it for 15 minutes and original was not found. That's why, guys, I'm going to review reaction of Internet Anarchist who has many of the subscribers and I'm going to put this video in the link below. So, it's my reaction video. So, let's go. What the actual [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And he used my logo in the promotion for it, too. I hate what this platform is turning into. AI. Jacksepticeye, he's the oldy creator out there on YouTube. Let's Plays. I think he started a little later than PewDiePie and he says actually a good stuff here. He mentioned that Mr. Beast used his logo, the logo of his channel to promote his AI thumbnail generator software. Well, you'll see everything in this video. Was one of the many responses to Mr. Beast's catastrophic launch of his AI thumbnail generator app, which has turned almost the whole internet against him once again. Yeah, that's the website and probably also the application View Stats. It's the competitor for Social Blade where you may analyze your favorite or not favorite YouTubers and other creators to understand how they perform relative to the videos they are published, what views they have, how much money they earn. Let's be honest, Mr. Beast made it clear the type of man he is when he partnered with Logan Paul and KSI. I don't know about KSI, I didn't research him. Like KSI, hard to tell. But, Logan Paul is really cringe and after they started really collaboration with Prime and that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Logan Paul brothers, they're building their hype on their hate. Like there are many people who admire them, but for me they're just couple of freaks. Yeah, kind of the rich freaks, I would say. Mr. Beast ruined YouTube along with the Paul brothers. 100% agree. YouTube is turning into the commercial TV show stuff and there is less soul now from the content creators. I mean, the top content creators. PewDiePie was a really top one. Yeah, even though his content is sometimes cringe and now he's like partially retired, but still he had or has his soul. But, about Mr. Beast, what kind of the soul is there? Like a your hype, challenge. Yeah, but But, there is less artistism behind and more speculation even about the life losses. Like you might have seen the recent video of Mr. Beast. I think that it shouldn't be published, but they published it. I mean, there was the guy who was losing his weight and his coach died. But, later on guy still lost the weight. I think that it was presented as some sort of the hype on on death of the person. Well, the relatives of the coach agreed to release the video. They want the memory of their loved one to continue to live there at least in internet because as we know, Mr. Beast has millions of views. But, as for me, as for viewer, I think it was some sort of the speculation relative to very touching topics. I think that it shouldn't be done like that at least in entertainment environment, but it's just my opinion, my friends. I'm not saying that I'm correct all the times. But, you may understand my general attitude towards Mr. Beast and creators like him. I already didn't like Mr. Beast. Now, I really don't like Mr. Beast. Hi, I'm the Internet Anarchist. I create weekly YouTube doc Yeah, and I put the link for this channel in the video description just below. It is my reaction video. It was made according to the fair right use regulations. So, yeah, there is a lot of the drama happening and this channel is good to go to check it out. That's why I put it in description, obviously. We'll be looking into the most recent controversy surrounding none other than Mr. Beast and his disastrous AI thumbnail generator launch. Mr. Beast is YouTube's most That's the guy. He uses nice microphone. I also have this one. the boy, the platform's most subscribed creator and the first channel new users see. Yet, even at the top, he's spent the past year dodging controversy, facing a mix of proven slip-ups and shaky allegations that keep pulling him back into the spotlight for all the wrong reasons. Fast forward to the 20th of June in the present year, Mr. Beast would announce the launch of his AI thumbnail generator tool on X with a now deleted tweet that read, "View Stats just dropped AI thumbnails and it takes the guesswork out of what thumbnails will perform." Just Mr. Beast wanted to propel that stuff. I think viewers, they usually click off if they see that thumbnail is AI generated. Yeah, sometimes I use ChatGPT mostly to generate background for the thumbnails, but making a right thumbnail, I would say it's the huge thing. And me myself personally with combined more than 2 million subscribers on my couple of the channels, it's Pilot Blog and Dennis Davidov. Even for me it's hard to understand what thumbnail public would like. Sometimes you may just absolute nonsense and people click on it. Well, it's the art and also the power of the luck. to prompt what you're looking for and it will generate a data-backed viral thumbnail. And here, so you put the prompt text basically and the software will generate everything for you, so-called AI. Along with this announcement, a video was posted across social media of Jimmy explaining how to use the tool and its many borderline unethical features. Yeah, this video I wasn't able to find, that's why I clicked on this video. There's a new way to make professional-looking viral thumbnails with zero Photoshop experience. And the best part is this new method works in every niche. Whether you do gaming, cooking, beauty, this works for all of them. From creating custom results from any channel to literally being able to put your face on a thumbnail, it literally feels like cheating. It is not like cheating, it is cheating itself. If you put your face on the face on someone's thumbnail, it means stealing because to make a proper thumbnail or the high-quality thumbnail, you sometimes have to spend hours and hours, even more sometimes as you spend for a filming the video itself. Wording quote, "It literally feels like cheating." rubbed a lot of people the wrong way as just putting your face on someone else's thumbnail, even without AI, is basically cheating. And Yeah. Yeah. It is cheating. Even if you do it on in Photoshop, it's cheating. It's not okay to do, let's say. It's an issue that Mr. Beast had brought attention to in the past with a tweet that read, "The largest channel in Russia just takes my thumbnails and Photoshops his face on mine." And Mr. Beast complained about it himself. I know A4 channel since I know Russian and yeah, it's usually kids who are watching this channel, A4. And they looked at the Mr. Beast channel, they saw that, "Okay, their views are high. Why not to take their thumbnails?" And definitely they did the same stuff. As you can see, it worked very well and now Mr. Beast decided to do the same to sell something, some tool to do the same job. Now, AI generating a face on the thumbnail seems to be the next level of sliminess, which is concerning to see be promoted by the biggest and most influential creator on the platform. But, the video just gets worse as Jimmy makes the claim that you can just type in any channel name and steal, I mean, take inspiration from their style. the AI tool where you should type in any channel on all of you. That's why Jacksepticeye went mad. So, here is the logo of his channel and it was taken by Mr. Beast without any sort of the authorization. He just put random channels out there including him and I watch I watch Charlie. I think he doesn't have thumbnails at all. He just put some random pictures from the videos he filmed or some sort of the news headlines. That's it. He has his own personal style and that's why I like Charlie because he is very humble, he's very generous, unlike Mr. Beast. YouTube and I'll use it as inspiration for the thumbnail generator. What's ironic about that clip is that on screen when displaying the channels you can copy the style of, he shares Penguinz0's channel. yeah, yeah. Here we may they mention it. A creator known for not even adding custom thumbnails to his videos in the first place. You see his channel, yeah? And the pictures which he took from the videos randomly. Yeah, that's Charlie. Despite it, he has millions of views. place. Seeing this, I decided to attempt to generate a Penguinz0 style thumbnail for Oh, so the guy downloaded this software, he paid for it and he decided to try it out. of this video I'm creating to see what happened. The results it generated were So, he said like, "I want to generate Charlie's like thumbnails." And the artificial intelligence just put Charlie on front page or a person who looks like Charlie or Jesus Christ. That's crazy. interesting to say the least. Later in the demonstration video, Mr. Beast utilizes the tool himself to generate a thumbnail of his own style and despite the results likely being cherry-picked, it was still awful. So, for example, let's say you're Mr. Beast. You would just type in Mr. Beast here. Now, it's going to look at all my recent videos to get inspiration for them. And for the prompt, I'm going to type in stranded on a volcano. And there you go, we now have a thumbnail with Is it really Mr. Beast? legs dangling He even doesn't look like Mr. Beast and clearly it's like AI generated. I wouldn't click on this video guys. If the thumbnail is fake, there is the high probability that the video itself is also a fake one or misleads you somehow. Out of curiosity, I decided to try the exact prompt Mr. Beast used during the video to see if I would get a similar result. And the results were just about as bad as you might expect. Yeah, it's like not good. However, here Mr. Beast I would say looks more real compared to the images which were generated by Mr. Beast. Later in the video, Jimmy continues to show examples of the thumbnail generator, even flexing how it doesn't need to steal, I mean, take inspiration from other creators. Let's say you don't want to take inspiration from a YouTube channel, you don't have to. As you can see here, I have a very descriptive prompt describing a Minecraft block that is glowing rainbow colors and vibrant Minecraft grass with trees in the background with no YouTube inspiration. So now let's hit generate. And I think you're going to be impressed with what this comes up with. I have not altered this in any way. Look at this thumbnail it came up Yeah, it looks actually nice. up with. That is actually insane. All from one single prompt and no inspiration from any other channel. That's thumbnail actually looked kind of nice. So I decided to run the same words. I agree. same exact prompt in Mr. Beast's thumbnail generator to see what results I would get as a normal user. And to say the result was disappointing would be an understatement. Oh, so this is the image generated and shown by Mr. Beast and this is the image that was generated by Internet Anarchist. And yeah, this one is much much better on the right generated by Mr. Beast. It's meant. I mean, what happened to the perspective of this image? Something that rubbed me the wrong way with this whole video was how Mr. Beast presents this tool as a complete solution for thumbnails and makes it seem like by using the tool you will automatically go viral. You can type literally anything you want and it will generate a thumbnail for you in a style that will make a viral YouTube video. Mr. Beast would even Yeah, Mr. Beast looks like the coach shop seller, you know, those annoying advertisements that were presented on cable TV. Now Mr. Beast with this one, he looks exactly like that salesman trying to speculate about passion of many people to become really huge YouTubers, popular. He tries to sell his stuff. Nothing more, nothing less. even demonstrate a feature where you can just link any YouTube video and copy the thumbnail. So to show you how all out we went on this AI thumbnail tool, you can also copy a URL from any YouTube video. We'll just paste this one I have here. And in the prompt box, just tell it what to change in the thumbnail. To demonstrate, I have this F1 thumbnail with an F1 car. And so in the prompt, I'm just going to simply type in change F1 car to minivan. That is on typing in, I'm going to hit generate. Let's see what it produces. And boom, it's done. I'm bro, I'm not even joking. Look, it swapped out the F1 race car for a minivan. It's very easy to do on Photoshop like and it's very easy to do for AI. Yeah, you'll have less efforts I guess on Photoshop with this one than typing and purchasing AI. It's nothing complicated changing the F1 car there to minivan. Any kind of the minivan you can find lots of the images out there in internet and you don't need to pay for it. That was it. I just typed in a prompt and it swapped it. This is crazy. The way he hyped up that thumbnail was crazy, especially considering it is literally something that could be done in less time than the thumbnail takes to generate. Exactly what he said. Yes. rate in Photoshop as it's just swapping out the PNG of an F1 car for a van. But the video only gets worse as the next feature Jimmy shows off is literally designed to steal someone else's thumbnail and slap your face on it. The exact thing Jimmy spoke out about in the past when it happened to him. And if you really like the thumbnail you're generating but not the face on it, don't worry, we have this face swap tool that you can click, upload a face you do like and it will instantly swap it onto the thumbnail. To show you how simple this is, I'm going to take a photo of my face. Okay? I'm now going to hit face swap and take the thumbnail from this to this automatically. If you watched closely in that clip, you would see that the thumbnail he claims to be the result of the face swap was actually the original output prior to the swap. The thumbnail he displayed as the before didn't even exist in the previous generation. While this could be chalked up to a simple editing error, it is still misleading and based on the amount of time that was shown on screen, he doesn't look like himself. It is crazy guys because sometimes if you steal the thumbnail like really viral thumbnail of someone's video, your video could be even more popular than the creator you are stealing from. That's why the internet community didn't really like what Mr. Beast proposed here. Now, I have a feeling they knew what was going on. Mr. Beast closes off the video with a bold statement that this is the future of thumbnails and that it's officially over for graphic designers. I could go on and on, but this is the future of YouTube thumbnails. No more complicated Photoshop and having to get a PhD in how to edit things and figure out what a thousand buttons do. Now, you can literally just type into a prompt what you want, it will give it to you. Well, actually he's correct like AI starts to be more and more advanced and soon we're going to see more and more AI generated not just thumbnails but videos. They're already popular out there on YouTube. So we are entering of era of soulless internet really. And it is very sad that the biggest YouTuber is promoting those ideas. Actually guys, I also had the advertisement of Nvidia AI. Yes, I'm the contract and I had few of the integrations by the time I didn't know what is AI in general. Like it was just the chat GPT, but in the future guys, I will never ever advertise AI because well, it is not dangerous, but I don't like to see it on YouTube because I want us creators to create not the AI to do this job for us because in this case internet will lose its soul. Yeah, it's bad actually as for me as for creator, but you know, time flies and maybe AI generated videos will be even more popular compared to human-made content. Immediately after the announcement went live, Mr. Beast began receiving massive amounts of backlash including a tweet from YouTube legend Jacksepticeye who previously got into controversy when he stated that YouTube changed for the worse and that he doesn't like Mr. Beast and thought he was ruining YouTube. Would you say YouTube changed for the worse? Yes. Now Jack, Well, that was very fun. I didn't know. Now Jack, a completely unrelated question. Do you like Mr. Beast? No. Jack, do you think Mr. Beast ruined YouTube? Yes. He was so fast with that response and I would answer the same. Now in all honesty Jack, why? Because it became more about views, money and popularity than it did about having fun. Uh I would say not about having fun but to have the soul like uh that's why I really like the attitude of PewDiePie that he was not chasing the fame to be like the best YouTuber out there. He became like that because he was really passionate about what he was doing. And Mr. Beast, he was just chasing the goal to become the most popular YouTuber. He planned that from the very beginning and he is reaching his goal despite whatever happens. Like it is his major goal and he now has roughly 300 employees. So it's the Mr. Beast Entertainment Corporation and I don't like this stuff. I don't like corporate stuff. I don't like how corporates really are there in our lives and they're fighting for our money and for our attention. Advertisements and everything of that. Yeah, it is very bad what Mr. Beast, Logan Paul and some other creators, kind of popular creators are doing in internet. So that's why I don't watch them. Jack's tweet reaffirms this stating what the actual F and he used my logo in the promotion for it too. I hate what this platform is turning into. F A I. Because it was the promotion of his commercial product, not just a random video. So it's crazy that he didn't ask those people whom he put on the thumbnail behind him. Crazy. This tweet was in response to how Mr. Beast used Jack's channel logo as an Yeah, not the thumbnail but logo, yeah. You can see. views and supportive comments with even DanTDM calling it quote depressing and popular YouTuber PointCrow pointing out rules for thee but not for me in reference to when Mr. Beast complained about this issue in the past. Something Mr. Beast states multiple times is that his tool is intended to quote level the playing field, you know, to help smaller creators who are starting out to be able to make better content and grow faster. However, funnily enough, this tool costs $79.99 That's crazy amount of money. $79.99 per months and it generates absolutely shitty thumbnails. That's a lot guys. Chat GPT could do way better. in a month. So it definitely seems more targeted towards already successful channels. It's kind of strange to subscribe for that amount of money from the channels who just start their trip on YouTube because after all you have to purchase also Photoshop. I think it's must have for any sort of the YouTuber. well, maybe except Charlie Moist Critical. But this, well, I think it's too much. Too much for the price of that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] really. Also, you can literally buy ChatGPT Premium for $9 a month and have similar, if not better, capabilities when it comes to generating images. AI thumbnail generators are nothing new. Tools like Pixels have existed a while before Mr. Beast launched his. The difference now is that Mr. Beast is marketing these tools to the general public and completely normalizing the usage of them in a way that seems to reduce creative jobs rather than empower creators. Within 24 hours after the immense backlash he already received, Mr. Beast deleted his announcement tweet and the DramaAlert promotion video was also removed. He deleted the video. He deleted everything and there is no more service like that from Mr. Beast. Likely in an effort to reduce the controversy and silence the outrage, where Mr. Beast responded by promising to update the app to only let face swap work on your own thumbnails, stating, "I appreciate the feedback. I love the YouTube community more than anyone can remotely comprehend. Already working on changes like face swap should only be used to swap your face on your thumbnail, obviously not others. And overall, how it's unachievable. Like, it doesn't work like this. If you have the picture, it will swap. If it is your thumbnail, why should you swap your face? I don't see any logic here. I'll build this more in a way to be an inspiration for artists, a tool they can use and not replace them. Very good feedback. My goal with ViewStats is to build tools to level the playing field between people like me with 300 employees and new creators that can't afford a small army. The small army is the corporation, basically. So, the Mr. Beast for me is like a corporate rat out there in YouTube and he's ruining the soul of it. Well, maybe YouTube doesn't have the soul any longer. Whilst Mr. Beast has removed his promotional post for the AI thumbnail generator, the tool itself still exists and is accessible through ViewStats. Well, he deleted everything. Like, by the time this video was recorded, it was still out there, but now it's been deleted. Uh let's check out what Mr. Beast said himself. How's it going, guys? A week ago, I launched a AI thumbnail tool that helps small creators make better thumbnails and I thought people are going to be pretty excited about it, but um I definitely missed the mark. Yeah. First, we do, we chase the cash, and then we think, right? Mr. Beast. open up Twitter, you know what I'm talking about. And so, um I read all you guys' feedback and I've I've been thinking a lot about it. And so, we just enacted some changes that I I think you guys will find uh positive. And so, going forward, there is no AI thumbnail tool. Anyone from Yeah, he deleted everything connected to that, all the videos, the thumbnail generator itself. Now one that signs up for ViewStats Pro, there will not be the AI thumbnail tool. It just doesn't exist. We pulled it down. Um and on top of that, I I wanted to go one step further to really show artists out there that I care. We, if you go on viewstats.com under our more tools section, it will say hire thumbnail artist. And if you click that, it'll take you to a page of artists' portfolios where you can commission a real thumbnail artist to make you a real thumbnail. So, Yeah, that's the proper thing to do and I really enjoyed it. Internet community really pushed YouTubers like Mr. Beast to act differently because what they did before is the total cringe. So, basically turning this negative situation um into something positive that helps artists um generate more income doing what they love. And um you know, I I care more than any of you could ever imagine about Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I I want to earn more by promoting stupid AI out there, which generates absolute shitty thumbnails. the YouTube community. I mean, obviously I'm the biggest YouTuber in the world and I don't take that responsibility lightly. And so, you know, it deeply makes me sad when I do something that um you know, people in the community are upset by. And obviously, um Jimmy, you just don't want to lose your views. That's it. You don't want to lose your reputation, which was partially already lost because of the previous controversial inside your team, with you personally, with your attitude towards your own employees. And now one more drop, as we can see. But in general, the content which uh Jimmy generates, it's more like Fort Boyard TV show. If people like to watch it, well, it's up to people, but it's not for me. ViewStats. My goal here is to build tools to help creators. And if creators don't want the tools, no worries. Like, it's not that big of a deal. So, um I If you're an artist, go over to ViewStats in um you know, make some extra money. And uh I also want to put out there that I guarantee you I have spent more money on thumbnail artists than any other YouTuber in the world. I've probably spent more money on thumbnail artists than the top 100 creators combined. I mean, I have a small army of thumbnail artists that work for me. I'm looking to hire more thumbnail artists. So, I just want to put that out there. And I have no intention of firing my thumbnail artists or or anything. Like, this is, you know, just supposed to help make them more effective and blah blah. He just wanted to earn money. He will generate his thumbnails with the help of his army, as he says. I mean, you know what I'm saying. But regardless, it doesn't matter. Uh the tool's down for future people that sign up for ViewStats Pro. And um yeah, now it's a funnel to help artists make more money. So, I'm really excited. Go check it out. Hey, go to viewstats.com and uh click on the hire the artist tab and, you know, go commission a real artist. Help them make more money. So, take care, guys. You. But I just wonder about the people who already purchased this stuff and it's no more. So, for example, who would say that this is bad? I signed up for ViewStats for the thumbnail AI and now suddenly it is gone. Not everyone be able to afford thumbnail artist, Jimmy. This will hurt the small creators. So, we see the perspective from the other side now because people thought that this product that was announced by Jimmy is so nice that they don't need to pay the thumbnail creator. So, it's the easy way to reach your goal, to make thumbnails for your videos, which could be clickable and you'll be very, very popular. That's what Jimmy basically tried to say during his commercial. Eventually, people will, I think it's use AI to make thumbnails because it is faster and cheaper and will be better. Well, I agree. In a coming future, people will use Like, I already use AI for my videos, but nothing more than a background. Actually, I tried to use AI for full thumbnails generation and it went absolutely terrible. What I really like is my Cyberpunk thumbnail, which I use for my streams of this game and AI was just a tool for me to generate this thumbnail. And yes, I used AI, but not fully. Let me explain how I did it. So, at first, I took the photo of me personally, the screenshot, and I asked ChatGPT to create some sort of the AI style of Cyberpunk. Well, ChatGPT came out with really nice drawings here. It is understandable that it is AI created, but I want to make it bigger. That's why I went to Photoshop. I also downloaded like PNG file of Cyberpunk logo. And after all, we have this kind of the thumbnail, which is, I would say, kind of nice with bright colors. Some of the black stuff is here because I use it basically to put the numbers here, the parts, like part one, part two. Will be part three soon. So, yeah, I really enjoy how it was generated at first by ChatGPT, but still I have to work with it in Photoshop. And still, you may say that it is AI generated image, but I have my soul in it. So, basically, my original photo is there. But speaking about my main channel, Dennis Davidov, which has the most of the views from all of the channels, well, there I do not use AI at all. It's very, very rare case that I use it. And people click on that because they see my face and they click on that stuff. Yeah, it happens like that. And guys, now tell me if you have your own opinion and I could be wrong. Maybe I just envy to Jimmy. I want to be a huge YouTuber like him and I just put my own hate here. But this kind of the hate is not coming from me only. And seeing Logan Paul out there with Jimmy advertising Prime and other shitty stuff. Yeah, for me, it's it's not okay. But people watch, people like it, people still continue to click Mr. Beast videos, which are in lack of soul. But it's just my opinion, my friends. Well, I wish you all a peaceful sky. Ciao.

  Top Comments:
  1. @reddragon4482 [3 likes]: 22:00 Even when he talks normally about things that are showing him in a negative light he still smiles the entire time. I can't get over just how creepy and fake he is.
  2. @OtanCrem [3 likes]: My kid and I tried watching mr beast when he started to blow up and his videos really gave us the ick. "Hey you have some bad luck so I'm going to help you out, now lick my boots for the camera." I don't know how he has so many subscribers.
  3. @4TheRecord [2 likes]: 13:27 I could do this with Microsoft Paint ;)
  4. @reddragon4482 [1 likes]: The fake smile puts me off straight away lol. If he saved one million Orphans from a burning building I still wouldn't go near him lol. It just screams fake and disingenuous.
  5. @Mimer6 [1 likes]: They say that in the future (time not specified) they will not need actors when they make e.g. Hollywood films. Even famous actors admitted that it could probably be that way. I personally think it is a bit sad that nowadays you can change pictures and films in post-production so much. It does not take as much hard work with shaky photography to create the right image, but you can fix that afterwards. A bit different from when you worked with silver and liquids.
  6. @tomwende5529 [1 likes]: I haven't seen a single one of his videos.  However, I've noticed that if I click on and watch a single slop/rage-bait/thirst trap video, the algorithm rabbit-holes REALLY fast.  Watch ONE, and the only way out is to go into your subscriptions and watch a few.  Conversely, smaller (and even some larger channels, if their content is against unwritten YT policy, such as CN-watchers) get almost no algorithmic promotion.  The ecosystem is becoming schlock, with real creators screaming into the void.
  7. @leonnunhofer3453 [1 likes]: The eyes of the AI MrBeast have more soul than the eyes of the real MrBeast. Also look at his "smile". Just showing teeth. Very creepy.
  8. @squidcaps4308 [1 likes]: I trust my gut feeling, the first time i saw him i instantly felt.. icky.
  9. @Doubleelforbes [1 likes]: Seems unlikely - After alienating all the graphical designers .... that he would suddenly have a recruiting company full of graphic designer portfolios on his website.


Seems more likely to me, the "deleted tool" is now internally used by some of his 300 employees who just pretend the AI Slop is their own work under a fake profile.
  10. @ebygumlad333 [1 likes]: Personally I always thought Mr beast was a s*** channel 
as for YouTube generally it has gone downhill 
so much
 AI generated garbage
  11. @markkimball5933: Denys👍
  12. @Motley_Pfizer: I am not even visting this person's page will only give him more hits or something. We will probably find that someone who sees fit to call themselves Mr Beast will have a big legal team and end up in court after someone goes missing. Does  that other blogger paint his teeth with emulsion paint for ceilings?
  13. @Mr.0.007: 7:00 cheating, shouldn't this be under copy right laws, its date and timed stamped.
Ai is a cheap criminal,  going around stealing
  14. @Mr.0.007: Nice video Denys
  15. @TheAidanodian: Back when I was like 11-13, MrBeast was just a happy go lucky dude who blew stuff up and counted ridiculously high. Now he’s just any other evil rich guy.
  16. @reddragon4482: I love the backtrack and pretending that he didn't know stealing other peoples work was a bad thing lol. He's just a complete snake oil salesman and scumbag.
  17. @tomasskirsch2448: In my opinion, when using AI, one spends less effort and thoughts into whatever one wants to create. This means that one is getting lazier, and once this laziness starts to settle in, one will become even more lazier. That's at least what I think. And it will also discredit everyone who put their own thoughts and their own energy into their work and result.
  18. @MrUrb001: this looks like such a scam. 
like they buy some other cheaper AI accounts then use those images on their own "AI" which costs a few times more.
pretty much just exploit your community, mainly children
  19. @bessibossi69: cant wait to see the reaction of ur reaction to a reaction video of mr beast
  20. @ArnoSchlick: Omg. Didn't know "MrBeast". What a fishy snake oil seller! That "guy" is so boring, haha! And how he speaks! Are those teeth real? Well, then they must be at least dry, while he shows them all day round! 😂🎉

- YouTube Masterclass 2025 with MrBeast, MKBHD & Casey Neistat: Kind: captions Language: es-MX Condensé quince años de experiencia en YouTube en este video. Aprenderás todo lo necesario para hacer crecer tu canal hoy. Incluye mis mejores consejos de entrevistas con grandes YouTubers, ¡y cosas inéditas! Es la primera vez que hablo de eso públicamente. ¿En serio? Puedo explicar la ciencia si quieres. ¡Sí! ¡Pum, pum, pum! ¡pum! Así O sea, fue una locura. ¡Este video incluye momentos de nuestro detrás de cámaras! Tendrás que robarle material a Jon. Tiene mucho muy bueno. Obtendrás las plantillas y herramientas exactas que aprendí desde mi primera carga en dos mil diez, trabajando en YouTube e Instagram, hasta ser creador de tiempo completo. ¡John, me encanta tu historia! Voy a interrogarte cuando apaguen las cámaras, pero eres brillante. Veo tu programa porque intento aprender sobre YouTube. ¡Eres muy bueno en lo tuyo! Y no te preocupes, ¡no son los consejos anticuados y obvios que ya conoces! Veremos lo práctico que puedes usar de inmediato. Ok. Mi esperanza con este video es que sea uno de los más útiles en YouTube. Sé que suena loco, pero creo que lo que cubriremos cambia las reglas del juego, ya seas un creador nuevo o estés creciendo y quieras crecer más rápido. Y como quiero dar un extra, ¡organicé las plantillas, herramientas y gráficos de este video! Más material extra gratuito ¡en mi paquete de hacks para crecer en YouTube! Obtenlo gratis en ythackpack.com o escanea este código QR. Además de las plantillas del video, tendrás la guía de cien ideas virales para cualquier nicho. Mis diez plantillas de intro para mejorar ganchos. Mi clase maestra de confianza ante la cámara. Las plantillas exactas de miniaturas que usé para millones de vistas en estos videos y mucho más, todo gratis. ¡Ok, empecemos! Nuestro primer consejo: usar anclas visuales. La verdad: muchos creadores hacen videos que funcionarían mejor como artículos o posts en X o LinkedIn. Lo aprendí de mi entrevista con un gran narrador de YouTube, Johnny Harris. Dijo: si hay un millón de buenas historias, mi filosofía es que solo novecientas deberían ser videos. Cuando le pregunté cómo filtra qué ideas son para video y no texto, dijo: anclas visuales. Aquí un ejemplo perfecto. Quería enfocarme en la frontera entre Colombia y Venezuela donde estaba ocurriendo esta crisis migratoria masiva. Y la mayoría de los medios iban allí y como que solo filmaban a la gente cruzando la frontera, ¿no? Cuando llegué al pueblo donde eso pasaba, definitivamente fui y filmé eso, pero luego miré alrededor y dije, ¿qué más está pasando aquí? ¡Y había un par de anclas visuales que estaban escondidas a plena vista que nadie más estaba cubriendo! Una de ellas era, había un vendedor en la calle que estaba haciendo esculturas con dinero, con billetes, bolívares venezolanos que ahora no valían nada por la crisis de hiperinflación. Él tomaba eso y lo usaba como materia prima para hacer canastas y, como, esculturas de cisnes y todo eso que terminó siendo como este hermoso arte. ¡Pero era tan simbólico! ¡No tienes que saber nada de macroeconomía! Ni de geopolítica de Sudamérica para ver que algo está pasando aquí. Este tipo está usando dinero para hacer esculturas. Y, entonces, eso era un ancla visual. Eso para mí, es el mejor uso del video para atraer a alguien y realmente engancharlo a un tema que quizá no verían de otra forma. Es la diferencia entre mostrar y contar. ¡Mostrar billetes tan devaluados! que la gente hace origami con ellos es más poderoso que un reportero contándote de la inflación. No tienes que volar a otros países como Johnny para hallar anclas visuales. Puedes usar la prueba de la servilleta, de la que hablé con Cleo Abram, una de las YouTubers de más rápido crecimiento actual. ¿Sabes qué es un buen video? Si tomáramos un café y te contara algo interesante, ¡y necesito sacar una servilleta y dibujar un diagrama! O mostrarte algo en mi teléfono, pausarlo y decir, ¿ves esto? Eso es un buen video. Si no, debería ser un ensayo, es más fácil de escribir. En resumen, la prueba del ancla visual o de la servilleta funciona así: Imagina explicarle tu idea de video a un amigo. ¿Tienes que: uno, dibujar algo en una servilleta?, dos, ¿mostrarle una foto en tu teléfono?, o tres, ¿repetir "esto" o "eso" para señalar algo mientras explicas? Si respondiste sí a alguna, ¡felicidades!, tienes un ancla visual. Si no, tu idea es mejor como texto ¡o no vale la pena! Y para profundizar, te preguntarás, ok, ¿cuál es la mejor forma de encontrar anclas visuales para tus videos? Imagina que hubiera un lugar donde pudieras revisar un montón de anclas visuales para tu nicho cada semana. ¡Pues ese lugar existe y se llama Reddit! Solo tienes que saber cómo usarlo correctamente. Así que, esta es la táctica: Ve a Reddit, escribe tu nicho o tema y revisa los subreddits o foros que aparecen. Por ejemplo, aquí hay un subreddit que solía revisar todo el tiempo cuando hacía videos sobre las mejores campañas de marketing y publicidad. La primera vez que vayas a tu subreddit, esto es clave: ¡asegúrate de filtrar por "top"... y "all time"! Para ver las mejores publicaciones, los mejores visuales, con votos positivos, aquí, de más de cuatrocientos cincuenta mil miembros. Es un ancla visual preaprobada si quieres un video sobre marketing y empaque. ¡Y es genial ver eso porque te da más ideas para un video más largo! Aquí es donde funciona. Puedes volver a ese subreddit cada semana o mes, cambia "all time" a "weekly" ¡y ver los mejores visuales que surgen! Como este anuncio divertido de Los Ángeles buscando diseñador gráfico, que tuvo votos positivos la última semana. Piénsalo así: Si encuentras muchas anclas visuales con este proceso, tienes suficiente para el guion de un video largo de YouTube. Si encuentras pocas, tu idea es mejor como TikTok o Reel. Si no encuentras ninguna, tu idea es mejor como texto. Hablaremos de cómo escribir el guion y entrelazar estos visuales después. Consejo extra: no uses solo Reddit. Busca en páginas de comunidad de Instagram, grupos de Facebook. Donde mucha gente publique sobre tu nicho y vote lo mejor, para que sepas qué interesa. Encuentro que en Reddit surgen muchas cosas primero. Recuerdo, trabajando en Instagram, platiqué con gente de Buzzfeed en su apogeo sobre cómo hallaban ideas virales. Y literalmente me estaban diciendo esto que nunca olvido. ¡Cuando algo se publica en Reddit el lunes! ¡Termina en Buzzfeed el martes! ¡Luego lo retoman en redes sociales el miércoles! Y luego aparece en Facebook el mes siguiente. ¡Sus palabras, no las mías, pero es verdad! Investiga anclas visuales en Reddit. Siguiente consejo: ¡haz tus intros "rainy"! ¡En YouTube, intros aburridas arruinan grandes videos! ¡Recuerda hacerla "rainy"! R. A. I. N. Y. ¡Escucha! Tu intro debe cumplir estas cinco casillas, o las más posibles. Te mostraré cómo lo hice con intros que obtuvieron setenta y cuatro y sesenta por ciento de retención. R significa resultado. ¡Al inicio, adelanta el resultado que el espectador obtendrá si ve tu video! ¿Hacia dónde va? ¿Qué valor entregarás? ¡O al menos plantea la pregunta que tu video responderá! Destaca lo que está en juego ¡y asegúrate de despertar curiosidad! Te mostraré ejemplos para videos sin guion y con guion en un momento. A significa abordar la objeción. Menciona lo obvio antes que tus espectadores. Escucha. Los espectadores hoy son más listos, tienen más opciones. Sus detectores de mentiras están alerta. Puedes decir la R, el resultado, en tu intro, pero ellos ya piensan que es mentira, subconsciente o conscientemente, y debes abordarlo. I significa instantáneo, ¡para formato largo, tus intros deben durar unos cuarenta y cinco segundos o menos! ¡No te preocupes, hablaremos de qué significa para formato corto! ¡N significa por qué ahora! ¿Por qué tu video es relevante ahora? ¿Hay una tendencia, cambio o noticia que lo haga oportuno? ¡Y Y significa por qué tú! ¿Por qué eres tú la persona para dar este mensaje? y... ¡Ojo, no me malinterpretes! Definitivamente no tienes que cambiar quién eres para hacer una buena intro de YouTube. Solo necesitas resaltar las partes correctas y relevantes de tu trasfondo. Aquí te presento dos ejemplos claros: uno para un formato sin guion (como vlogs, entrevistas callejeras) y otro con guion (como cabezas parlantes, video ensayos). Esto aplica realmente a cualquier tipo de video, sé que existen muchos creadores muy diferentes por ahí. Empecemos con una intro para video sin guion ¡donde no controlas lo que pasa! No controlas lo que se dice tras grabar. Un ejemplo: mi entrevista con Liza Koshy, con casi uno punto nueve millones de vistas y setenta y cuatro por ciento de retención en la intro. ¡Vamos a verla! Y analizaré cómo la estructuramos. ¡Releyendo comentarios en tus videos, Liza! Muchos hablan de eso. ¿Dónde andas? ¡Sube video! ¡Claro, hablaré de eso! ¡¿Liza Koshy dejó YouTube?! Una de las creadoras más grandes desaparece. Aunque estaba como en mi apogeo en términos de números, ¡en términos de vistas y colaboraciones! ¡Con ustedes, Liza Koshy! ¡La YouTuber de mayor crecimiento! Me necesitaba, me extrañaba y me negué a ser ignorada. ¿Quién te ignora? ¿Quién ignora a Liza Koshy? ¡Ya sabes! Entonces, ¿cómo hicimos esta intro "rainy"? Bueno, revisamos cada momento de esta entrevista de una hora y a esto llegamos. Para la R, el resultado: De inmediato, mostramos que si lo ves, descubrirás por qué Liza Koshy, ¡una de las YouTubers más grandes!, dejó la plataforma en su apogeo con más de quince millones de suscriptores. Así titulé el video, otra forma de comunicar el resultado. Luego, abordé tu objeción, la siguiente línea en la intro. ¡Porque la mayoría asumiría que de ninguna manera! Liza Koshy habla de por qué dejó YouTube, ¡pero lo hace! No le da vueltas. Incluso bromea al respecto. Y en la entrevista real, cumplimos profundizando más. La I es por instantáneo y, de nuevo, toda la intro dura unos treinta y cuatro segundos, ¡muy por debajo del umbral de cuarenta y cinco segundos! ¿El por qué ahora? La N, bueno, este video salió en un momento en que Liza había dejado YouTube en su apogeo, ¡pero nunca había hablado realmente de ello en una entrevista completa hasta ahora! ¿Y luego el por qué tú? me aseguré de incluir líneas y preguntas mías donde la presiono y la desafío en esta intro. Como, en serio, ¿quién te está ignorando? Para que el espectador sepa, ¡ay, caray! ¡Esto no será fácil! Este entrevistador preguntará lo que pensamos. Y recuerda, hacer una intro para video sin guion no significa ser desestructurado. De hecho, cómo estructuras esos momentos y audios según el marco "rainy" marca la diferencia. Ahora, aquí hay una intro para un video con guion, típicamente un video de cabeza parlante como este, otro formato popular en YouTube. La intro que veremos es de un video que hice hace años llamado "Ex empleado de YouTube explica cómo crecer en YouTube". ¡Veamos la intro y la analizaremos! Porque usé muchas tácticas similares en este video. Las reglas para crecer un canal de YouTube cambiaron completamente este año. Y lo sé bien. Trabajé cinco años en YouTube, luego tres en Instagram, y empecé este canal. Quiero compartir siete consejos poco convencionales que me dieron millones de vistas por día. No son las cosas obvias. ¡Son cosas que creo que nadie ha escuchado! La R es simple: consejos para crecer en YouTube, eso obtienes si lo ves. La A, la objeción, es que la mayoría piensa, "oh, los mismos viejos consejos", como "sé auténtico" o "sé constante". Así que digo, no, no, no, estos no son esos consejos. Y, obviamente, tengo que superar expectativas. Pero, abordando la objeción, la I es por instantáneo, y la intro dura unos cuarenta y tres segundos. Salió cuando los Shorts eran nuevos y cambiaron el enfoque del canal. Quise aprovecharlo. ¿Y el por qué tú? trabajé en YouTube y estuve adentro. Lancé muchas funciones que usas hoy. Y honestamente, sé que a veces me apoyo mucho en eso. Pero no te equivoques, no necesitas asociarte a una marca o tener experiencia profesional para hacer un video. Un consejo extra: usa el método del conejillo de indias, donde vives una experiencia para responder el "por qué tú". Aquí dos ejemplos de creadores increíbles: Shervin Shares y Sam Reed. Por ejemplo, Shervin no es podólogo. ¿Cómo respondió el "por qué tú"? Usó solo zapatos minimalistas por mil días y lo enfatizó en la intro y título, lo que intriga más a los espectadores que otros videos de reseñas de zapatos. Y para Sam, lo loco es que di una plática sobre este video a Taco Bell. Sam no es nutriólogo, pero comió solo Taco Bell por treinta días para ver si es la comida rápida más sana, lo que hace su intro más convincente. Claro, es un ejemplo extremo, no lo recomendaría por salud. Pero el punto es: piensa cómo fortalecer el "por qué tú" de tu intro y video, ya que requiere más trabajo. De nuevo, el paquete gratuito de hacks de YouTube incluye más plantillas y ejemplos de intro ¡como el gancho Contrario, Valor de Choque, Desafío y más! Para ponerlo en práctica ya. Bien, siguiente consejo: Sigue las cinco C. Sabes lo importantes que son las miniaturas para los clics, así que hice esta lista que te mostraré, inspirada en mi entrevista con uno de los mejores, Marques Brownlee. Ok, las miniaturas tienen dos cosas. Deben verse bien muy pequeñas, y luego obviamente intrigarte y quizá hacer que el video empiece sin que realmente empiece, sí. Marques habló de dos cosas sobre miniaturas, pero creo que son cinco: las cinco C. Composición, contexto, claridad, curiosidad y color. La primera C es composición: ¿el encuadre, ángulos o líneas guía te atrapan? La primera miniatura aquí es cautivadora por el punto de vista de alguien aferrándose a esas sillas ¡y las líneas guía al pasillo! O sea, es una obra maestra de miniatura. La segunda es de Isaiah Photo, y está muy bien compuesta con la cámara posicionada sobre su cabeza, las botellas de Prime a su alrededor. Se nota que se tomó el tiempo para encuadrar y componer bien esta toma. La segunda C es contexto. Muchos creadores diseñan sus miniaturas sin contexto de dónde aparecerán. ¡Las diseñan en pantalla gigante! Puede verse bien en escritorio, pero como dice Marques, debe verse bien en pequeño en el celular. Esta es una regla que uso: Si reduces tu miniatura al dieciocho por ciento, ¿aún puedes leerla? Si no, simplifícala. En estos ejemplos, se ven claros los audífonos, la pelota, el texto, la araña. Resalta incluso más pequeña. La siguiente C es claridad. ¡Muchas miniaturas son un desorden! La regla es: ¿tu miniatura tiene tres elementos o menos, como esta? La primera: cabeza, texto, espuma rosa. La segunda, de Tyler Blanchard: ¡su cabeza! El texto, la granada. Es simple y clara. La siguiente C es curiosidad: ¿tu miniatura plantea una pregunta que urge responder? Esto se hace difuminando o bloqueando un elemento, como Unbox Therapy, ¡o contradiciendo algo como en esta miniatura falsa de Zach! Y de nuevo, tiene gran composición. Mira esas líneas guía. ¡Atraen tu mirada! Cuantas más C cumplas, mejor. Y la última C es la más poderosa: color, ¿combinas colores que atraigan la mirada? Para eso, consulta el círculo cromático y combina colores primarios con complementarios. el cabello y camisa de Ryan Tran son dorados amarillentos. Por eso puso sillas moradas alrededor. O Michelle Khare combinando el azul de su saco y guante con el overol y fondo naranjas. Brillante. ¿Y sabes qué es muy loco? Estaba jugando con el nuevo ChatGPT cuatro punto O. Y literalmente podrías tomar estas miniaturas o cualquier miniatura que cumpla con las cinco C, y luego, tomarte una selfie y después meter un prompt que diga algo como, por favor reemplaza a la persona en esta miniatura conmigo y mantén su ropa y expresión facial igual. Y entonces... o sea, mira esto. ¡Es una locura! ¡Obtendrás estas miniaturas! Claro, no recomiendo hacer esto. Solo muestro lo poderosas que son estas herramientas, especialmente si conoces las cinco C. Hay cuestiones éticas y mucho que discutir, pero el punto es que podrías meter un boceto así y obtener una gran miniatura muy rápido. Entender estas cinco C lo cambia todo. Recopilé noventa ejemplos más de miniaturas geniales. Y el paquete de hacks de YouTube que mencioné, lo sigo mencionando, ¡pero creo que pone esto en práctica! La conclusión: no necesitas cumplir las cinco C, pero cuantas más, mejor. El siguiente tip: probar macro, luego micro. YouTube lanzó una herramienta para probar miniaturas, y hay una forma inteligente de usarla que pocos conocen. Contexto rápido: esta función nueva permite subir tres variaciones de miniaturas. Aquí un ejemplo de una entrevista a Casey Neistat. YouTube muestra las tres a diferentes segmentos de espectadores. Tras días, selecciona la miniatura ganadora según cuál genera más tiempo de visualización. Y no es sorpresa, pero Mr. Beast usa esta herramienta creativamente, como pocos. Durante nuestra entrevista, desglosó su proceso paso a paso en su video del yate! Paso uno: subió tres miniaturas con cambios macro: ángulo, cara, elementos como arma, ropa, bomba. Paso dos: dejó que YouTube eligiera la de mejor rendimiento tras días. Simple. Paso tres: hizo cambios micro a la ganadora. Como otra camisa o persona en el barco, algo pequeño. Paso cuatro: sigue con cambios micro hasta que los resultados sean similares. Ryan Trahan hizo lo mismo con su video de hoteles de una estrella, primero, variaciones macro: texto, camisa, composición. Luego, YouTube eligió la mejor, e hizo cambios micro solo al texto. Lo demás quedó igual. Estos creadores prueban por meses, pero no todos tienen el equipo o tiempo. ¡Así que! Intenta al menos dos pruebas para exprimir tu video. Primero macro, luego micro, sigue hasta ver un ganador y pasa al siguiente. el siguiente tip es arreglar tu primer cuadro. Lo cubierto es para videos largos, pero este tip es para shorts. Tu primer cuadro en shorts es tan importante como miniatura e intro en videos largos. Me refiero a lo que ves en el segundo cero de tu short, TikTok o Reel. ¡Y todo aplica! La clave es establecer la expectativa e intención de lo que sucederá. tengo una serie corta con más de doscientos cincuenta millones de vistas donde pregunto en la calle: ¿Quién es más famoso: creadores o celebridades? ¿Quiénes son ellos? ¿Ese es Logan Paul y no sé quién es el otro! ¡Tom Clooney! ¿Tom Clooney? ¡Es mi compa, el que pelea! ¡Y ese es mi güey, el actor! Mi primer cuadro para estos videos está ajustado con esta impresión física ¡con las caras de un creador y una celebridad! Lo entiendes de inmediato. Pero no empezó así. Tomó muchas iteraciones, mis primeros intentos fueron terribles. Hice un monólogo aburrido: ¡hola, amigos! Estamos en Hollywood preguntando quién es más famoso, creadores o celebridades. Primero, Logan Paul contra Tom Hanks, ¡muy largo! Luego una versión más corta de la pregunta y el prompt. Luego una pregunta más corta: ¿quiénes son estas dos personas? Viste las caras. Y arrancamos. Lo que lleva a un tip extra. Usa utilería como impresiones para mostrarlo físicamente, no solo digitalmente con gráficos como hacen muchos con las herramientas de edición actuales. Y aquí otro ejemplo. Keegan Evans tiene un formato increíble: videos basados en un producto y género al azar, poniéndolos en dos tazones con tarjetas. saca 'Oreo' y 'película de acción' y lo vuelve un video corto. Es muy bueno. ¡Pero cómo lo monta físicamente y lo tiene todo en el primer cuadro es un gran ejemplo! Otro ejemplo: mis shorts comparando productos de creadores con Fortune quinientos. Intenté que mi primer cuadro fuera muy visual. Botellas, vendas, todo está ahí físicamente. Pero creo que Logan lo hizo mejor en su primer cuadro de un video similar, muestra todo más claro con menos gráficos. Acercó las botellas al cuadro, ¡puso azúcar en la mesa al comparar la cantidad! Y escribió tarjetas para mostrarte cosas sobre Gatorade contra Prime. Sabes, tuve la oportunidad de preguntarle a Casey Neistat sobre esto ¡porque dibuja en sus manos, hace recortes, impresiones mejor que casi nadie! Y dijo que por eso ayuda tanto con la retención. Creo que eso es infinitamente más interesante que un texto óptico que escribes en en... ¡Premiere! La edición de video solía ser muy especializada. Muy poca gente sabía hacerlo. Hace treinta años, solo había pocos editores. Y ahora, sabes, mi hijo de nueve años le enseña a mi esposa a editar videos. ¡Y durante nuestra entrevista, dijo esta frase que no olvidaré! La perfección borra la humanidad. Porque cuando algo es perfecto, no hay rastro humano en él. Sí. Esto aplica más a shorts porque la gente desliza rápido y ve muchos gráficos. Así que si arreglas tu primer cuadro para plantear tu historia de inmediato y físicamente, aunque sea imperfecto, te ayudará a destacar. Y si dudas de lo poderoso que es un gran primer cuadro, saber esto puede ser tan fuerte que engaña. Mira este clip divertidísimo. No, de hecho es increíble cuánto más creíble la gente pensará que eres cuando solo finges estar en un podcast. Ni siquiera tienes que hacer tanto. Simplemente tienes que mirar a un lado de la cámara en lugar de mirar a la cámara. La gente dice, ¡guau! Debe ser muy importante para estar en un podcast. ¡Estoy listo para comprarle cualquier suplemento! Al tener un micrófono Shure y mirar a un lado en su primer cuadro, nos hace sentir que está en un podcast, aunque solo mire a la pared. No digo que hagas esto, pero es loco cómo estos toques en tu primer cuadro cambian la expectativa del short comparado a que solo mire a la cámara así. El siguiente tip es adaptar los casos atípicos. Sinceramente, el mejor momento para empezar en YouTube fue dos mil doce, pero ahora es el segundo mejor. No es un discurso motivacional. Son los datos. Los YouTubers en dos mil doce tuvieron la ventaja de ser primeros. Llegaron temprano, con menos competencia. Pero tenemos la ventaja del segundo jugador. Como YouTube tiene más de veinte años, puedes ver qué ideas o casos atípicos ya funcionaron y adaptarlos. ¿Qué son los casos atípicos? Aquí hay ejemplos. Son videos que funcionan muy por encima de la audiencia normal del canal, conectando con algo más. Algo en el tema, formato o empaquetado que deberías estudiar y adaptar, veremos cómo en un momento. Mientras más grande el caso atípico, más atención. Le pregunté a Mr. Beast cómo encuentra estos casos atípicos para videos con cientos de millones de vistas. Esto dijo. Me pareció interesante cómo estudiaste los casos atípicos. Quiero hablar de ese video, la serie de un dólar contra... Hablemos de la inspiración, porque creo que la gente no sabe cómo llegaste a eso. ¿Y luego tengo muchas preguntas sobre eso? ¡Sí, al cien por ciento! Entonces, para el de un dólar contra... La cosa es que, sí, vimos que BuzzFeed lo hizo, pero además, no solo BuzzFeed, sino gente en todos los formatos de YouTube, canales de belleza, de gaming, todos hacían videos comparando algo barato con algo caro, y usualmente funcionaba bien. Y lo que me gusta hacer es, si veo algo haciéndose viral en múltiples formatos, en todo YouTube, entonces es como, eso parece ser algo que a la gente realmente le gusta y están muy interesados. Así que tal vez debería hacer eso, como, a lo bestia en el canal. A veces creadores como Nick DiGiovanni, uno de los más grandes de comida, ni se molestan con ideas si no son casos atípicos o no funcionaron bien en otros canales porque indica que los espectadores podrían no estar interesados. Se reduce a analizar a fondo, sabes, ¿se ha hecho esto antes y cómo le fue? Creo que siempre es importante ver eso. ¡No quiere decir que no puedas tomar un concepto que ya se ha hecho y no mejorarlo! Pero si la gente no está interesada en algo, a veces es como, esto podría no valer nuestro tiempo. ¿Te refieres a verlo en otros canales, otros géneros? Alguien más. Sí, puede ser muy útil ir y ver. Diez personas han intentado hacer un video probando las mejores hamburguesas del mundo, y a nadie parece interesarle tanto. Sí, sí. Y entonces eso podría no valer la pena. ¡Y esa es una buena primera prueba para ver si ya se hizo! ¡También puedes hacerlo con shorts! Estaba con Jimmy cuando filmaba este video corriendo. Inspirado por Daniel LaBelle y adaptado al estilo Mr. Beast con bolsas de dinero. Y es loco cuánto intenta Jimmy elevarlo, filmó todo el short cuando estaba allí. Lo descartó porque no se veía bien y volvió a filmar con utilería diferente. Incluso intenté participar corriendo cuando el dinero pesaba más. Y digamos que fue algo vergonzoso para mí. ¡Te tengo! ¡Sí, le daremos algo! ¡Le daremos poder! ¡Dios! Es esto. ¡Listo! ¡Dos, uno! ¡Pero aquí se puso más interesante! Jimmy vio que ese short funcionó bien, y lo hizo de nuevo, con barras Feastables más grandes, lo cual es un matiz clave. podrías estudiar tus propios casos atípicos y apostar doble. Paddy Galloway me contó cómo hace esto con creadores como Jesser para ayudarlo a superar los veinticinco millones de suscriptores. Es solo preguntar: ¿cuáles son los cinco o seis videos con mejor rendimiento de mi canal? ¿Podría hacerlos de nuevo? ¿Adaptarlos? ¿Hacer una serie de este video? Con Jesser yendo a tres partidos de NBA en veinticuatro horas, ¡hicimos ese video cuatro veces, quizá lleguemos a cinco o seis! Cada vez le damos un giro. ¡Playoffs en vez de regulares! Siete partidos en cuatro días en vez de tres, puede seguir así. Y si te preguntas: Ok, John, ¿cómo encuentro estas ideas atípicas? Hay un proceso paso a paso que describí, y te mostraré una forma más rápida en momentos. Para encontrar un caso atípico en tu nicho, haz esto: Uno: abre tu app de YouTube y busca tres o cuatro palabras de tu nicho. Luego ve a filtros y ordena por vistas, video, y cualquier momento. Es clave porque pides a YouTube que apague su algoritmo un momento para mostrarte los videos con más vistas. ¡Luego desliza y haz clic en estos videos principales! Y haz clic otra vez para ver los suscriptores del canal que subió el video. Buscas videos con más de cinco veces más vistas que los suscriptores del canal que lo subió. Si haces una lista de estos casos atípicos y los consultas, te ayudarán mucho en tu lluvia de ideas. ¿Y si hubiera forma de encontrar casos atípicos más rápido? ¿O si pudieras obtener ideas automáticas para adaptar ese caso a tu nicho? Eso es lo que podrías hacer con Spotter Studio, ¡patrocinador de hoy! Con Spotter Studio, ve a casos atípicos y filtra videos por su puntuación. Busca casos de dos equis, diez equis, filtra por formato largo o corto. La mejor parte: ¡presiona el botón de lluvia de ideas! Y genera ideas personalizadas para tu canal. Si entran a este enlace, obtendrán una prueba gratuita extendida de Spotter Studio. Además, quiero darles un extra: organizaré un taller en línea gratuito para quienes se registren en las próximas dos semanas. ¡Y eso no es todo! Elegiré a nueve de ustedes para volar a Los Ángeles, venir al Lighthouse y pasar un día de mentoría conmigo, Colin, Samir y April Lynn. Analizaremos sus videos. Si ya usan Spotter Studio, ya son elegibles. Solo agreguen diez o más ideas a su banco. ¡Luego den clic en Compartir con un experto para verlo! Si ven esto después de dos semanas, igual obtendrán la prueba gratuita Ayudará mucho a su canal. El siguiente tip es copiar con gusto. Al encontrar ideas y ejemplos destacados, no solo copien y peguen. Hagan lo que llamo copiar con gusto. Creé este espectro para recordarlo. Denle su toque. Adapten fuera de su nicho. Mézclenlo con otras ideas. Veremos cómo hacerlo, pero Jimmy mencionó un matiz genial sobre esto. Si ves el video de alguien y no puedes notar la diferencia entre su video y el mío, aparte del presupuesto, entonces sí, estás copiando y pegando. Pero, ya sabes, Ryan y yo a veces podríamos hacer videos similares. No digo que él copie, pero como que, Ryan y yo podríamos, yo visito habitaciones de hotel de un dólar contra Ryan visitando Airbnbs de miedo. Y no se siente igual, ¿verdad? Es que Ryan tiene su propia voz. Es peculiar y deja que las escenas respiren más y bla, bla. Ese es el estilo de Ryan. Y nuestro estilo es un poco más rápido, solo mostrarte cosas geniales, gastar más dinero y, ya sabes, ¡hacerlo épico! Y, pues sí, no es que nos esté copiando, ¡pero en general eso sería hacerlo con gusto! El simple copiar y pegar es... mira, hay muchísima gente que, tras nuestro video del hotel, a veces va a los mismos hoteles, usa mi texto, habla y actúa igual, ¡hasta usan mis cortes y ritmo al editar! Mejor sé como Ryan: original, con tu propio estilo único. Necesitamos más gente con voz propia, no gente que mire a Ryan, a mí y a otros y solo copie y pegue. Piénsalo, si quisieran mi estilo, verían mi video original. No necesitamos a alguien haciendo mis videos con menos presupuesto y esfuerzo. Al adaptar ejemplos con gusto, obtienes esta cadena de ideas: Mr. Beast eleva un concepto de Buzzfeed, pero lo hace con hoteles en vez de donas y lo lleva a un millón de dólares. Luego, Ryan Trahan le da su toque enfocándose en hoteles baratos. Y luego Nick Giovanni lo hace con restaurantes baratos en lugar de hoteles. Y el ciclo de creatividad continúa. hay una gran cita del difunto Virgil Abloh: solo tienes que hacer un ajuste del tres por ciento a un concepto existente para que sea innovador. Solo tres por ciento. De uno de los mejores diseñadores. Y una gran manera de hacer ese cambio del tres por ciento o copiar con gusto es mirar diferentes géneros, épocas o medios. Ryan Trahan, Nick DiGiovanni, Mr. Beast, Buzzfeed cambiaron el género del concepto (donas, hoteles, restaurantes) manteniéndolo innovador. Además de buscar fuera de tu género, mira a otras épocas, como Zach King para superar cuarenta millones de suscriptores. Y no hablo de mirar épocas como principios de los dos mil. Hablo de ir aún más atrás. Zach me dijo que él y su equipo estudian cineastas como Buster Keaton de los años veinte, o sea, literalmente hace cien años, porque muy pocos creadores miran tan atrás ¡para generar ideas hoy! ¡Oh, amo a Buster! ¡Y, noté que hace muchísimos jump cuts que recuerdan a lo que haces hoy! ¡Sí, es genial! ¡Compartimos todos estos clips internamente! De vez en cuando. Amo a Buster Keaton. Lo estudié. Hicimos un video referenciando a Buster atrás del auto. El auto se va con él en la llanta, uno de sus gags. Solo agregamos el tapete. ¿Cómo le das un diez o cincuenta por ciento? Es divertido referenciarlos, la generación joven seguro no sabe quién es. No. Y la tercera forma de copiar con gusto es cambiar el medio. O sea, por medio me refiero a cine, TV, radio, ¡YouTube! Honestamente, esta es una de las más directas, pero también es la más competitiva ¡porque mucha gente ya está adaptando el medio de la TV para YouTube! Pero todavía hay mucha oportunidad. Airrack hizo esto: Atrapé a veinticinco extraños en una caja, básicamente una versión de YouTube de Big Brother. O el Tinder en la vida real de los Sidemen es una versión de YouTube más rápida del show de citas Next de MTV. O, honestamente, daré crédito a quien lo merece. Mis entrevistas callejeras se inspiraron en '¿Puedes nombrar un país?' de Jimmy Kimmel. Solo que yo quería ver si nombraban más celebridades o creadores. Otro ejemplo: adaptar una toma de TV como Severance a una miniatura. ¡Es interesante inspirarse en cualquier lugar! Uno de mis chicos de miniaturas, Chucky, vio Severance. Una toma inicial es la imagen de arriba donde una chica está en una mesa. Dijo, ¡hagamos esto para una miniatura! Yo no entendí. ¡Me mandó ese Snapchat! Con un círculo y un humano. Estaba más confundido. La imagen de arriba a la derecha. Y yo como que, Chucky, ¡no, no sé! Tal vez estás tomando alcohol, aunque él no toma. Y, de alguna manera eso llevó a esta miniatura que terminamos haciendo aquí abajo a la derecha, que de hecho funcionó bastante bien. Y fue algo bueno porque usualmente mis miniaturas tienen mi cara del lado izquierdo. Y he estado buscando maneras de no tener todas las miniaturas exactamente iguales. Y fue una buena alternativa que parece gustarle a la gente. No la sacamos de otra miniatura de YouTube. ¡Literalmente solo estaba viendo Severance! Busca fuera de tu género, en distintos medios o en diferentes épocas para mejor inspiración. El siguiente tip: encuentra problemas populares. YouTube es el segundo buscador mundial tras Google, con más de seis mil millones de búsquedas diarias de gente buscando respuestas, consejos, soluciones. Como creador, sobre todo si empiezas, sería una locura no hacer contenido para satisfacer esa demanda. Así como los emprendedores crean productos para resolver problemas, los creadores hacemos contenido para resolverlos. ¿Cómo encuentras los problemas populares en tu nicho? Hay tres maneras: Uno, el método Incógnito. Dos, el método Quora. Y tres, encuestar a tu audiencia. El método Incógnito. Bueno, para ese, solo tienes que ir al modo Incógnito en tu navegador. Luego ve a YouTube y empieza a escribir ideas de video o consultas de búsqueda y deja que el autocompletar te diga qué busca la mayoría de la gente. Verás, al hacer esto en modo Incógnito, no dejas que tus búsquedas pasadas cambien el autocompletar. Así que estás viendo el autocompletar basado en las masas, basado en sus búsquedas. Segundo, ve a Quora y busca las preguntas más populares en tu nicho. Busca tu tema y filtra por 'todos los tiempos'. Me encanta Quora porque la gente hace preguntas y los votos positivos indican qué necesita respuesta para muchos. Si haces contenido sobre eso, triunfas. ¡Tercero, y quizá lo más subestimado, encuesta a tu audiencia! Usa las encuestas en Instagram, YouTube, Comunidad, LinkedIn para tratar a tu audiencia como grupo de enfoque. Si me sigues en Instagram, pregunto opiniones sobre temas para videos o miniaturas preferidas. Constantemente reviso Discord buscando patrones de preguntas o problemas para ayudar en mi próximo video. El objetivo es hacer contenido en medio de este diagrama de Venn: lo que sabes y te emociona coincide con lo que la gente quiere oír. Tantos creadores no preguntan a su audiencia y hacen contenido desconectado. El siguiente tip: estar interesado es interesante. Muy bien, ¡ya sé! hemos hablado mucho de datos, pero a veces tienes que decir: al diablo los datos y el algoritmo. Hay una lección aquí que viene de uno de los primeros virales de YouTube, el tipo del Doble Arcoíris, algo que no consideré hasta que lo señaló Dan Mace, genio creativo detrás de videos de Mr. Beast y Casey Neistat. El interés es interesante. Creo que... ¿recuerdas el primer video viral? Estoy casi seguro que para mí, el primero que vi fue el del Doble Arcoíris. ¡Oh, Dios mío! ¡Guauuuu! Todos han visto un doble arcoíris. Ese video se hizo viral por la reacción del hombre al doble arcoíris. Estaba entusiasmado por el arcoíris, como el contenido de Casey. Y lo que hace es que está tan interesado en eso ¡que se vuelve interesante! Y si lo piensas, tiene sentido. ¡por eso incluso los videos de Casey sobre baños públicos o infracciones en ciclovías obtienen millones de vistas! Y, y, sí, okay, ahora tiene muchísimos seguidores. Pero todo empezó por estar tan interesado en algo que se volvió interesante para todos nosotros. Y sigo creyendo en todas las tácticas y los datos que hemos discutido hasta ahora. Pero la gran advertencia de todo esto es esta. ¡Si apenas puedes contener tu emoción por una idea de video! Entonces simplemente haz el maldito video. ¡Confía en mí, la audiencia lo sentirá! Porque al final del día, YouTube, esto se trata de transferir la energía que sientes frente a la cámara a la persona que lo ve frente a su pantalla. ¡Okay, ya, ya, ya sé! Okay, eso fue un poco cursi, pero quiero seguir con otra táctica. El siguiente tip: evita la fatiga visual. Me frustra que muchos creadores editen de más, y no necesitas habilidades técnicas para esto. La mayoría mete demasiados visuales en pantalla, haciendo que tus ojos salten y se cansen, lo que provoca que los espectadores se vayan. Un ejemplo claro, tenemos una comunidad de Discord con más de seis mil creadores que comparten sus videos, miniaturas e ideas para recibir retroalimentación. Y quiero compartir unos segundos de un video de un creador que compartió esto. Y lo digo con cariño, pero solo miren este cuadro. ¡Lo siento! mi ojo tiene que estar en cuatro lugares a la vez. El visual de arriba, el visual de abajo, lo que está en el monitor, lo que está en la libreta. O sea, esto sigue y sigue. Y un sinnúmero de creadores hacen esto sin darse cuenta en sus videos también. En contraste, esto es lo que hicimos durante mi entrevista con Mr. Beast, donde habla de estas seis versiones diferentes de una miniatura. Pasan muchas cosas, pero literalmente hicimos zoom y atenuamos todo lo demás excepto el visual al que se refiere. Así que no hay duda en qué debes enfocarte en cualquier momento dado. Es importante ahora con vistas en TV, donde la pantalla es mayor. No quieres que muevan los ojos por todos lados o estiren el cuello. Ten un punto focal principal, y para shorts, es algo diferente, pero mismo principio. Aquí una guía. Cualquier cosa por aquí está prohibida: lejos del foco central, se superpone con la interfaz (botones de YouTube, TikTok, Instagram). Aquí es seguro, donde el ojo mira naturalmente. Tu gancho de texto va aquí. Tus ojos van aquí y tus subtítulos aquí abajo. Si quieren esta plantilla para editar o para sus editores, está en el paquete de hacks de YouTube. Siguiente tip: la paradoja de la producción. Pocos lo entienden y mata su crecimiento. Cuanto más pequeño, más importa tu producción. Cuanto más grande, menos. Quien dice que cámara o equipo no importan, es ingenuo. La historia importa más. Pero para nuevos creadores, los espectadores son impacientes; producción y preparación son la primera impresión. Consigue micrófono, luces, haz guion para no divagar. O prepara puntos clave. Dicen: no es auténtico, muy ensayado. ¡Significa que te importa! Quizá seas el próximo IShowSpeed o Emma Chamberlain, pero son excepciones. Speed me dijo en entrevista que sus lives espontáneos requieren mucha planeación. Es mucho lo que implican estas transmisiones que la gente no ve. ¡La gente solo ve el clip de quince segundos de mí! ¿Entiendes? ¿Pero es mucho lo que se invierte? Solo para esos quince segundos. YouTubers de comedia como Liza Koshy escribe guiones antes. Un ejemplo perfecto: su serie de Tienda de Dólar. Espera, ¿vas a la tienda de dólar? Y agarras como una pelota de básquetbol. ¿Solo setenta y nueve centavos? ¡Es la tienda de dólar! Saca esto barato de aquí. ¿Un dólar? ¡Qué barato! ¡Puedo enloquecer aquí! Ese chiste estaba escrito. ¡Semanas antes de ir a la Tienda de Dólar! Mirando cada producto, entendiendo qué podía hacer, cómo escribir un chiste sobre una palabra específica en él y levantarlo a la cámara para dar una entrega natural, sin esfuerzo ¡el día de la grabación! Requiere preproducción de la que nunca hablé. Liza dijo que su parodia de setenta y tres preguntas, con treinta y dos millones de vistas, tomó siete intentos grabarlo, aunque parezca improvisado. ¡Ahora al revés! Si tienes una audiencia más grande, ¿qué quieren ver? Quieren verte a ti, crudo, sin editar. Nuestros videos detrás de cámaras con Mr. Beast despegaron porque la gente rara vez lo ve en un contexto sin editar. Por eso amamos docuseries o TikToks de FaceTime de famosos, porque tras verlos tan producidos, queremos verlos al desnudo. Le pregunté a Will Smith sobre esto, ha estado en grandes producciones y ahora está en redes. No puedo esperar a compartir ese video. Como creadores nuevos, aún no están ahí. valor de producción solo significa: respeta los ojos y oídos de tus espectadores. Así te respetarán con su atención. Siguiente consejo: simplifica tu forma de hablar. Bien, al escribir guiones, en mi entrevista con MKBHD, vi sus guiones y hablamos de que suelen usar un nivel de lenguaje de sexto grado, aunque hable de temas profundos como tecnología. otros creadores como Ryan Trahan o Tom Scott, rondan ese nivel de quinto a séptimo grado. Para YouTube, necesitas simplificar cómo hablas sin hacerlo sonar tonto. Es la clave, sobre todo si haces videos sobre un problema popular. Para eso, siempre sigo esta guía rápida, que llamo las tres B. Básico, audaz, breve. (Ya notaste que me encanta la aliteración). Primera B: básico. Traduce la jerga a palabras sencillas: en vez de 'apalancar', 'usar'; en vez de 'optimizar', 'perfeccionar'; en vez de 'competencias', 'habilidades'. Lo segundo es ser audaz. ¡Elimina palabras de tu discurso que socaven tu autoridad sin darte cuenta! Como 'posiblemente', 'podría ser'. Hay un momento y lugar para eso, pero casi siempre solo socava tu autoridad. Sé más asertivo. Lo tercero es ser breve. ¡Son reglas generales, pero se volverán instintivas al escribir tus guiones! ¡Evita frases de más de veinticinco palabras o empezarás a divagar! ¡Evita más de tres frases por párrafo, no mezcles muchas ideas en una sección! ¡Y lo que más me molesta! ¡Evita descripciones dobles! No digas 'el cuarto estaba limpio y ordenado', ¡solo 'limpio'! Se entiende el punto. Sigamos. ¡Siguiente consejo: perfecciona tu habilidad fuera de cámara! Ser buen YouTuber tiene dos partes. Ser bueno frente a cámara: mejorar producción, habla, miniaturas, edición. Pero lo segundo, el factor X, es tener una habilidad fuera de cámara. ¡Cuanto más rara sea esa habilidad u oficio, es más fácil tener una carrera real en YouTube! Te daré un ejemplo extremo y luego uno más cercano. El ejemplo extremo pero genial es Matthew Beem. Antes de sus millones de suscriptores, pocos saben que era mecánico automotriz. Pintó y forró cientos de autos fuera de cámara antes de hacerlo en cámara con éxitos como un Rayo McQueen real o el 'patty wagon' de Bob Esponja. ¡Los creadores más grandes tienen su propio valor único! El mío era estar en la industria automotriz. La edad promedio en mi industria era como de cincuenta y cinco años. Siempre fui el más joven, así que pensé que probablemente era el único al que le gustaba YouTube que podía pintar un auto, conocer a alguien que forrara un auto y hacer algo así. Me di cuenta que esa era mi ventaja. ¡Y si ves los videos de Matt ahora! Es claro que ha seguido perfeccionando su oficio fuera de cámara con proyectos más grandes. ¡Otro ejemplo es Dr. Mike! Sigue tratando pacientes aunque superó los diez millones de suscriptores. No puedo dejar de practicar medicina clínica porque me hace entender mejor los problemas que tiene la gente. Me permite conectar mejor con la gente, usar un mejor lenguaje donde puedo ver cara a cara si están entendiendo lo que digo. ¡Y simplemente te hace más valioso, pero también más feliz! Incluso si al canal no le va como esperas. Ir al consultorio y que te digan que tus notas están atrasadas o que un paciente esté enojado porque llegaste cinco minutos tarde, eso es valioso y la gente lo menosprecia... Ver el resultado exacto de tu trabajo al momento. ¡Muy, muy valioso! Es lo que lo mantiene alerta porque está en las trincheras. Está escuchando los problemas más recientes de sus pacientes y eso podría generar una idea de contenido que podría ayudar a aún más gente. ¡O otro ejemplo es Hayden Hillier Smith! Quien crea contenido sobre edición, y me dijo lo mismo. ¡Es divertido hacer el podcast! ¡Pero para mí, todavía quiero mantener el derecho de seguir hablando de edición! ¡Claro! Así que necesito asegurarme de que sigo metido en eso. ¡Por eso sigo aceptando tantos trabajos como puedo! ¡Siempre que estén razonablemente equilibrados! ¡Y podría seguir! ¡Dream trabajó con otro creador de Minecraft antes de ser uno de los YouTubers de gaming más grandes! ¡Nick Giovanni perfeccionó sus habilidades culinarias antes de tener uno de los canales de comida más grandes! Y Peter McKinnon, rey de tutoriales de foto, dijo esto. ¡Mi esposa siempre fue gran defensora, y todavía lo es, de practicar tu arte! Si me ve sacando video tras video, me dice: '¿Cuándo fue la última vez que saliste, así nomás, a tomar fotos?' ¡No para Instagram! Y yo: 'Ah, probablemente debería hacer eso'. Me dice: '¡Porque aunque seas el maestro! Y aunque seas el tipo que inspira a todos los demás a salir y hacerlo. Todavía necesitas seguir la pasión que te trajo aquí. Y si no estás aprendiendo, estás desaprendiendo. ¡Así que asegúrate de mantener tus habilidades afiladas!' ¡Y, sabes, intento hacer lo mismo fuera de cámara! Trabajo con muchos creadores de todos tamaños, marcas, ejecutivos que me contratan. la otra semana trabajé con el cofundador de LinkedIn, Reid Hoffman, y cuando me contrataron para ayudar con su contenido y redes, ¡eso me ayuda a mantenerme agudo! No importa cuánto crezca el canal, me gusta trabajar con otros para entender: ¿qué problemas enfrentan y qué contenido crear? Porque esto frente a cámara, honestamente, hablar, editar, empaquetar, ¡es indispensable! Lo necesitas para sobrevivir en YouTube. Pero lo que haces fuera de cámara te ayuda a prosperar. Es lo que pasa en el consultorio de Dr. Mike, la cocina de Nick o el taller de Matt; eso les da ventaja e ideas. ¡Y podrías decir, ok, Jon! No quiero perfeccionar habilidades fuera de cámara o profesiones. Solo quiero ser entretenedor como IShowSpeed, Logan Paul, Emma Chamberlain. A lo que respondo: buena suerte. Quizá seas del cero punto cero uno por ciento que pega por su personalidad, pero es un camino más difícil. Y como dice Dr. Mike, Los chicos de hoy, en encuestas, dicen que su trabajo soñado es ser YouTuber. Y tengo que redirigirlos y decirles: oye, aprende algo... aporta valor a YouTube. Si no, probablemente no serás popular. Uno, no tendrás nada interesante de qué hablar. Pero peor, podrías volverte popular. Y dicen: 'Espera, ¿por qué es peor si me vuelvo popular?' ¡Bueno, te volverás popular! Probablemente por un corto período y en algún momento se acabará, y entonces, te sentirás terrible contigo mismo y sin una carrera. No necesariamente en qué apoyarte, sino para decir: 'Bueno, aprendí esto. Aquí está mi valor'. Llegará un comentario negativo y dirá: 'No tienes ningún valor'. Y dicen algo muy cruel. Pero entonces, si miras dentro de ti y dices: 'Bueno, ¿cuál es mi valor? ¿Qué estoy aportando?' Ese será un demonio con el que realmente vas a luchar. ¡Wow, qué frase de Dr. Mike! ¡Muy bien, sigamos! Siguiente consejo: gánate el derecho a rebelarte. Este tiene que ver con ganar dinero y acuerdos con marcas, que creo es una de las mayores trampas para creadores al crecer. Imagina por un segundo que una marca quiere darte veinticinco mil dólares por hacer un video patrocinado. Y aquí está el truco. ¡Apenas mencionas el producto! Superficialmente, sé que no tiene sentido, pero debo mencionar a Casey Neistat porque lo hace siempre. ¡Pregúntale a Nike, J. Crew u otras marcas con las que ha trabajado! ¿cómo los convences de darte control creativo total? ¿Y cómo puedes hacer lo mismo? ¿O conseguir más control en tus patrocinios, aunque seas un creador pequeño? ¡contrasta con lo que hacen los creadores! Normalmente siguen los puntos clave y el guion de la marca. ¡Y típicamente, el video rinde menos! La clave es lo que Casey hizo antes de proponer su loca idea. Y se ganó lo que llamo el derecho a rebelarse. ¡Para lograrlo, empezó creando anuncios gratis para Nike! Y pronto llamó la atención de sus ejecutivos. ¡Si no estás dispuesto a hacer el trabajo gratis cien veces! Probablemente nunca encuentres la oportunidad de hacerlo y que te paguen. Y así es como, sabes, pude, conseguir la aprobación para 'Make it Count'. Así pude conseguir la aprobación para la campaña de Mercedes o la de Walter Mitty. Eso eventualmente llevó a un acuerdo con Nike pidiéndole hacer tres videos. Make it Count para Nike. ¡Creo que no se valora de ese video que hice un trato con Nike por tres videos para la FuelBand! ¡Y los primeros dos tuvieron mucho más énfasis y presupuesto! Y cuando llegó el momento de hacer el tercer video, llamé a Alex Lopez de Nike y le dije: 'Mira, quiero hacer esto diferente. ¡Quiero hacer algo que esté muy fuera de lo planeado y muy diferente de lo que guionizamos inicialmente! No gastaré más dinero, pero creo que puedo hacer algo mucho mejor.' Y él dijo: 'Ok, solo no me jodas. No me dejes colgado, ¡pero si quieres darle rienda suelta a la creatividad, adelante!' ¡El video era Casey gastando el presupuesto de Nike volando por el mundo con su Nike FuelBand! Era su forma de vivir su eslogan: haz que cuente. Si Casey hubiera propuesto la idea loca primero, ¡probablemente nunca habría obtenido luz verde! Como creador, he visto esto de primera mano al trabajar con más marcas recurrentemente. Pero, ¿puedo decirte algo desde el lado corporativo de esto? No solo el gerente o con quien hables en la marca aprueba tu idea para un video patrocinado. Es su jefe y el jefe de su jefe. todos se cubren las espaldas. Por eso pocas grandes empresas toman grandes riesgos. Créeme, trabajé en varias. ¡No es que no crean en los creadores! ¡Muchos sí! Solo no quieren que los despidan. Así. ¡De verdad! Si algo sale mal con tu video, o tiene bajo rendimiento, ¡o fracasa! Solo quieren justificar por qué tomaron ese riesgo o al menos explicar su decisión a sus colegas. ¡Y la mejor manera es que muestren tu trabajo anterior! Como: '¡Wow! Los videos de este creador funcionan bien, por eso les dimos más libertad'. Si les das eso primero, te ganarás el derecho a rebelarte y hacer ideas más locas, ahí llega el avance. Último consejo: sé más como Mozart. Antes de explicar qué tiene que ver Mozart con YouTube, este es el consejo más personal. Quiero compartir otra historia de mi entrevista con Casey. ¡Sé que lo menciono mucho! Pero esta se me quedó grabada. Verás, ¡por ochocientos días seguidos, Casey subió un vlog diario, sin importar qué! ¡Saber que tienes que publicar todos los días, como que, me hizo algo! Que fue como, ya sabes, al diablo con tu bloqueo de escritor. ¡Como que, no puede pasar! ¡También hubo días, muchos días! Probablemente pasó una docena de veces durante el vlog en que me sentaba a editar y no tenía audio por mi propia... falta de atención o algo, el micrófono no conectado. ¿Qué hacías en esos casos? Veo los videos, ¡pero creo que hice mucho como cortar a una toma mía, sentado en la cocina! Diciendo: 'Miren, son las nueve de la noche. ¡Simplemente no grabé este audio! No tengo nada. ¡No tengo nada de audio! ¡Así que voy a poner texto en la pantalla y, pues, hice algo divertido así!' Compara eso con hoy. Casey solo publicó siete videos en los últimos trescientos sesenta y cinco días. Le hice una pregunta irónica: '¿Es más difícil hacer videos ahora con más tiempo?' Sí, más difícil. O sea, ¿siente Casey la ley de Parkinson, donde el trabajo se expande para ajustarse al tiempo dado? A lo que dijo esto. ¿Sientes que ahora que no tienes fecha límite diaria, como la mayoría de YouTubers, tu trabajo se infla para ajustarse al tiempo que tienes? ¡Es mucho más difícil ahora! Porque no necesito publicar hoy. No he publicado un video en ocho meses. ¡No hay presión! ¡No hay prisa! ¡Creo que eso muestra la importancia de publicar tu trabajo! En vez de perfeccionarlo, aunque te sientas inseguro. Me sorprendió que Casey se sintiera así. Estaba muy inseguro sobre eso. Y luego, efectivamente. ¡Me doy cuenta de que, no! Mucha gente sintoniza porque, más allá del contenido, han desarrollado como un interés en lo que sea que estuviera compartiendo ese día. Y, cuando escuché a Casey decir eso, recordé mi primer año en YouTube: me metí tanto en mi cabeza que solo subí seis videos. Cada vez que iba a subir uno, mi escritorio se veía así. Terminaba y guardaba como 'final'. Luego notaba que el color del video se veía raro, así que subía la saturación y guardaba como 'final_final'. Pero me daba cuenta que el audio podía ser más claro. Lo ajustaba y volvía a guardar como 'final_pero_este_sí'. Seguía repitiendo esto hasta que a veces, honestamente, igual no subía el video por no ser suficientemente bueno. Pero escuchar que Casey seguía publicando, aunque se sintiera inseguro de sus videos, lo cambió todo. Y me impactó darme cuenta que esta tendencia existe en la historia. Que muchos grandes artistas fueron tan prolíficos como Casey, les importaba tanto cantidad como calidad. Incluso si vas doscientos años atrás a Mozart, porque no era la máquina de obras maestras que la historia nos hace creer, algunos críticos llamaron su música ruidosa. Pero Mozart siguió trabajando, produciendo obras, y creó más de seiscientas composiciones antes de morir a los treinta y cinco. Mucho más que sus contemporáneos, que promediaron ciento cincuenta, aunque vivieron más. Mozart hizo incontables obras olvidadas para lograr las pocas maestras que recordamos. O el legendario artista Monet, que hizo dos mil quinientas obras de arte. Pero hay algo sobre Monet que... me destroza el alma y me recuerda a tantos creadores, incluyéndome, porque ese número, dos mil quinientos, debería ser mucho mayor. Monet era tan perfeccionista que pasó tres años trabajando en pinturas nuevas hasta que al último momento, notó ligeras imperfecciones en las esquinas. Así que, sacó un cuchillo de carnicero y las rajó porque no eran perfectas para él. Pero curadores y académicos dicen que destruyó más de tres punto cuatro millones de dólares en arte esa noche solo por no ser perfecto. Lo que me hizo pensar. ¿Cuántos nos parecemos demasiado a Monet en vez de a Mozart o Casey? ¿Cuántos rajamos nuestros videos en vez de publicarlos? ¿Y cuántas obras maestras dejamos en el piso por meternos demasiado en la cabeza? Solo cuando cambié mi mentalidad de Monet a Mozart empecé a ver un cambio en mi carrera. Porque tras publicar seis videos vergonzosos mi primer año, ahora hemos subido más de doscientos setenta videos con más de trescientos cuarenta millones de vistas. Tenemos invitados en el show que no puedo creer que vengan. Y sí, hemos tenido montones de fracasos, más que nunca. Pero ahora me doy cuenta que sentir vergüenza por tu trabajo pasado es prueba de progreso. Y a veces el perfeccionismo es procrastinación disfrazada. La próxima vez que trabajes en tu video, sé más como Mozart, no Monet. Baja tu cuchillo. Porque cada creador, cada artista, incluso tan grande como Cleo, Jimmy o Casey, siente ansiedad. Pero espero que, pase lo que pase, sigas creando, que sigas publicando cosas. Porque lo único peor que algo imperfecto es algo que no existe. Gracias de nuevo por ver. Asegúrense de suscribirse y activar la campanita. ¡Significaría mucho por el trabajo que ponemos en nuestros videos! Y creo que les gustará este video que profundiza en muchos temas que hablamos. Los veo en el próximo.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jomopod [120 likes]: I've learned more from Jon about YouTube than anyone 🥹
  2. @raulgolfs [1 likes]: Spotter studio no longer exists!! Wtf
  3. @FuegoFinances [1 likes]: Damn i learned a lot. Definitely use this video to help you. I’ve watched so many but this one helped the most
  4. @simplegenius100: Thanks Alot sir
  5. @JeandanyTattoo: Thank you 🙏
  6. @TochStyle: some good tips. lol my stitch videos perform the best, i find the problem then becomes, creating videos that only have viral potential vs videos you want to make and often videos you want to make doesnt do well, but stitch videos outperform lol
  7. @CaXpo: I will be back in 2 months, this video have so much value, I can't even understand some of the things that you talked about, that's why I will be back every 2 months so I can understand a lit bit more 💜💜
  8. @JuanPabloRodríguezRodrígue-o7y: La ma las visuales deben ser originales cuando vez una ancla visual repetida ya sabes que es copia de la copia y te sales del video
  9. @Yoosoyfeer: LATINOS, UNAMONOS PARA MONETIZAR! SIGANME
  10. @MinaEmad-k5n: ❤❤❤❤
  11. @sardarmehmoodzaman1474: People like Mr. Best are used by corporate mafias to divert attention from their crimes 
What can we learn from the videos of people like Mr. Best?
  12. @TheBoomerVault: I don't know if I could have gotten to a quarter billion views without this video. Thanks a bunch!
  13. @eduelcrack957: 36
  14. @paububet9857: Tan autorreferencial que embola
  15. @FuegoFinances: 1:07 67
  16. @FuegoFinances: 0:09 sup
  17. @BADLT27: IF YOU ARE SO GOOD, WHY ONLY 681K SUBS AND THE CHANNEL WAS STARTED IN 2019? THE ONE FROM 2O1O GOT SHUT DOWN?
  18. @diogogomes6667: toppppp
  19. @FadlAfridi: WOW
  20. @Liv3ly_Gaming: Great video

- What makes a great YouTube thumbnail (The MrBeast Formula): Kind: captions Language: en what do these channels all have in common and why they get clicks but first we need to dive deep and analyze Mr Beast also known as uni Donaldson is a YouTube sensation known for his crazy challenges I'm going to to spend the next 7 Days in solitary confinement seal me up bye Jimmy hopefully I don't go insane philanthropic stuns this is one of the dirtiest beaches in the entire world and we're going to pick up every single piece of trash on this beach starting with this water bottle one out of millions of pieces of trash we did it this will take forever and I catching thumbnails the first secret to clicks are thumbnail thumbnails thumbnails but what makes a thumbnail actually clickable and eye catching after researching and analyzing the data I have found three major factors color and contrast Clarity and simplicity faces and emotions let's first cover color and contrast using bright vibrant colors like red yellow orange blue green makes a thumbnail Stand Out strong consur between elements like lightex on a dark background naturally draw the [Music] eye now let's take a look at Clarity and simplicity tub nails that are clear and easy to understand at the glance are more effective high quality images with a focus subject bold text and clear focal points help make a thumbnail visually appealing our last and final faces and emotions thumbnails featuring close-ups of expressive faces or emotions tend to draw in viewers because they evoke curiosity and connection this can make viewers more likely to click on the video

  Top Comments:
  1. @SweetLouBoxing: Great video
  2. @metaphoricalonion2008: Nathan wanna get some tacos later???
  3. @metaphoricalonion2008: Yeepy
  4. @metaphoricalonion2008: Nathan is a super cool person who save orphans from ninehundred and eleven
  5. @metaphoricalonion2008: First :)

- Analysing EVERY MrBeast Interview... This is his SECRET YOUTUBE FORMULA!: Kind: captions Language: en i just watched 20 hours of mr beast interviews and to save you the time these are the 10 things that you need to take from his brain to make your youtube channel more successful and make sure you watch this video through all the way until the end because i'll be there with a few bonus tips you can instantly apply to your thumbnails to get more views so let's get into it the first thing that you need to steal from mr beast is his intro style within the first five to 10 seconds of any of his uploads you know exactly what's going to happen and that's because he tells you right away within an instant we already know that we haven't been clickbaited by the crazy title or thumbnail and that hooks us into watching some more of the video the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video like literally the simplest thing just tell them why they should watch it if you're putting a million orbeez in a pool at the beginning of the video just say we're gonna put a million orbeez in this pool next use fast-paced editing after an intro that's very quick and to the point mr beast jumps straight into the action there's no hanging around no dragging things out for watch time and there's not even an introduction to who's in the video in fact everything from that point onwards is cut down to the bare essentials only things to further the storyline or show the most entertaining moments and this is something that any youtuber can do no matter what genre or niche that you work in number three you need to spend way more time on video ideas over the years mr beast has identified that the most important part about making videos is not about the quality of your camera or your upload schedule it's about the quality of ideas in those videos if you're averaging two million views a video you could get a video that gets 10 million views if you just had the right idea so they could spend 100 days uploading videos every day get 10 000 views of video or they could just sit down come up with a good video and just get a million views in a week even if you scroll way way back to some of his early content there's some really crazy ideas in there like cutting through a table with plastic cutlery or counting up to a hundred thousand these video ideas are the right amount of crazy and intriguing to make you just want to click on it and see what happens but getting the very best video ideas it's obviously not that easy so how does mr beast do it well he has mastered the art of brainstorming we brainstorm video ideas i mean relentlessly hours every day if you spend an hour a day thinking of ideas it's pretty hard to not expect your channel to do better that's why i'm establishing it you know why it's that important you gotta what inspires you you have to study that type of stuff if i've opened a dictionary here and we just you know flip to a random page we pick a word and the words flowers right then we'll be like okay uh i bought a flower i i gave my girlfriend a flock i gave my girlfriend a hundred thousand flowers i gave my girlfriend a hundred thousand flowers on valentine's day the more effectively you can take an inspiration and see what happens in your brain the better ideas number four you need to realize that the algorithm doesn't hate you you just need to figure out how it works mr beast has recognized that what youtube wants is actually fairly simple to me i think youtube just wants people to click on a video and watch it if people are clicking your video more than they click other videos and they're watching it longer than they watch other videos that's like what youtube wants and i think that's how you just be successful so mr b structures his videos in a way that makes this happen he starts off with an irresistible hook and then uses fast-paced editing and a few twists to keep the audience engaged and he also makes sure there's a reason to watch right to the end of the video and speaking of which make sure you watch to the end of this video for that awesome bonus tip number five you also need to realize why your videos fail the reason mr beast is such an expert on the platform is because he studied it religiously for years and years including why some videos are just not very good with the videos i was making when i was a smaller creator i genuinely felt like ah you know the algorithm hates me or this is unfair but i just wasn't making content that deserved to get views the video sucked like i mean you just look at the retention graphs people would click off at the beginning if i wasn't retaining a viewer just why would it make sense for you to promote it like why would you promote a 10 minute video that people watch on average a minute and a half as a creator you should be digging into the analytics of every single video that you make especially checking in on your retention stats to see where people stop watching your videos and then you need to stop making those mistakes number six collaborate working with other people can make your videos better in more ways than one mr beast surrounds himself with a group of friends that have become recurring characters on the channel and that is very deliberate mr beast himself acts as a sort of tv host while his friends provide the more entertaining moments but he also identified very early on that the best way to become a better creator is to learn from other like-minded people i've somehow found these other like four lunatics we're all super small youtubers and we basically talked every day for a thousand days in a row and did nothing but just like hyper study like what makes a good video what makes a good thumbnail what what's good pacing like how to go viral imagine a world where it's just you working solo and you're just grinding you make a mistake you learn from it you grind you mix make you learn from it and you do that for like a year and then imagine a different world where you have four friends who are also equally grinding in something similar friend number one makes a mistake on friday he teaches the other four people friend number two makes mistake the next week teaches everyone like after a year you're like two years ahead of the guy who's just solo right now it's never been easier to connect to other creators and start sharing ideas so why not start talking to other creators down in this comment section below number seven stop using your camera gear as an excuse mr beast got himself to 100 000 subscribers by filming from a terrible laptop webcam and then an iphone 5. my first couple hundred videos i didn't have a microphone like imagine just like crackly terrible voice i tell people all the time start a channel like i can't afford it and they have like literally like the new iphone people used to always complain about the quality and i was like okay well i can't do anything i need my next paycheck to buy something so forget about the idea of needing money to start making new content because you don't have a good camera and start focusing in on coming up with the very best ideas number eight you have to work seriously hard when it comes to the career of mr beast practice has made perfect but while some people are naturals when it comes to being on camera mr beast definitely wasn't i mean i was like as awkward as they came i had like horrible acne i'm really awkward it's like no one like people would have bet a million dollars that i wouldn't be a youtuber so many people say they want to do what i do but it's like you really because i literally gave up my entire teenage years before i was 13 until after i was 19 so my whole teenage years were grinding on youtube mr beast became a great creator not through his natural skills but by grinding day after day after day by trying new things and learning from past mistakes you will gradually get better and better with every upload next reinvest don't think of youtube monetization as your ultimate goal that needs to be just a step in a much bigger process did you know that to this very day mr beast barely makes any money on youtube because he reinvests all of that cash back into making the next video well the first few years i wasn't even making money off youtube but once i started making money i was making a dollar a day and i saved up for a couple months i bought a microphone saved up for half a year i got a computer and i've just always reinvested it literally up to a few months ago every time i got a paycheck that was just like the month's budget i just did that every single month and it just kept getting bigger and bigger and here we are number 10 be a perfectionist at every single level of the process you need to be looking to deliver the best quality that you possibly can everything you want as a youtube creator every freaking goal you want to hit whether it be subscribers you want to hit a million or 10 million or whatever will come if you just make the best videos possible so like the way i like to look at it is if other people are spending one hour thinking of video ideas in like five hours filming i want to spend 10 hours thinking of ideas and days filming even if it's like halfway in a video if there's just a 10 second clip that took you like 20 hours to film like people recognize that and like if they can tell you're putting in a lot of effort they're going to be more likely to click on future videos and that type that snowballs and because once you build that trust they get to a point where it doesn't matter what you upload they just know it's high effort and they just know it's great so now as promised it's time for that extra bonus tip and it's all about improving your youtube thumbnails mr beast style so mr beast makes some very good thumbnails and i'm not going to tell you why but i'm going to give you a five step guide that's going to help you achieve the same results the first step is to research and plan your thumbnail before you film you should have an idea of what your thumbnail is going to look like before you've even made your video the second step is good pictures take the time you need to get the best photos possible and assets for your thumbnail focus on these three things lighting positioning and quality if your photo has these three things it belongs on your thumbnail the third step is to lay out all of your options before you do anything else put together in the same file all of your images your assets your text your fonts your stock photos everything that you're going to need and that you want to potentially put in that thumbnail this is because composition is very important it's very helpful when you can see all of the elements you want in your design next to your blank canvas step number four is color correction now on youtube your thumbnail needs to be very bright and vibrant to stand out against the competition getting the color right for each asset that you're going to use in your thumbnail is a very important thing doing the color correction for each individual asset on your thumbnail will definitely help you stand out against the competition which will boost your ctr and get more views and finally tip number five simplicity is key there's no need for more than three main elements three focus points in your thumbnail if you take a look at mr beat's thumbnail we can see the same thing every time his face the environment and one specific element if you put too much onto your thumbnail it can end up looking messy and distracting and doesn't perform as well and now if you just go look at mr beast's youtube channel you can go and study all the thumbnails for yourself and this is a very good tip in itself look at the creators that are performing very well in the niche you want to be in on youtube and inspire yourselves from them and after studying so many thumbnails you might even be asking yourself the question well does this mean that i now have to do the youtube cringe face because everyone else is doing it well that's actually a great question that ryan answers in this video where he goes in depth on a study of over 600 thumbnails using artificial intelligence so that is 11 things that i learnt from watching every single mr beast interview on youtube thanks for watching and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @99moneymaking [3 likes]: You work really hard for us, great video.
  2. @sensrors241 [3 likes]: Thank for your show
  3. @aldianpramesta [2 likes]: ok subscribe
  4. @_Oblivion [2 likes]: Holy crap dude, your edits are so good for a channel that ONLY has 385 subscribers.. I just subscribed after your time stamps video.. Epic video!
  5. @TheTop10Den [2 likes]: Another stellar video.  Thumbnails are, shall we say, an evolving thing for me.  I'm still finding my "look" but I think the simplicity and key focal points are coming along
  6. @VEEDCREATORS [1 likes]: 👋Hey, try using VEED to edit YouTube videos online - https://veed.video/3QwLNKc
  7. @willsims [1 likes]: 1. Intro Style: Use engaging hooks in the first few seconds.
2. Fast-paced Editing: Dive into the action quickly and trim the unnecessary parts.
3. Video Ideas: Focus on the quality of ideas rather than just the equipment or upload frequency.
4. Understand the Algorithm: Make content that encourages viewers to click and watch for longer.
5. Know Why Your Videos Fail: Learn from past mistakes by analyzing viewer retention and other metrics.
6. Collaborate: Working with others brings diverse skills and speeds up learning.
7. Equipment is Not an Excuse: Focus on content and storytelling rather than gear.
8. Work Hard: Put in the time and effort, and learn from every experience.
9. Reinvest: Use your YouTube earnings to improve and create better content.
10. Perfectionism: Ensure every part of your video, from the idea to the final edit, is the best it can be.
  8. @steverossiter_ [1 likes]: great video, thank you! and VEED fucking rocks!
  9. @memesplug3607 [1 likes]: I've also watched almost all the podcasts and he repeats the same thing in each one
YouTube wants the viewers to click and stay watching
I've studied some million views videos from my friends and they hit the 10M+ view because of 60%+ RETENTION and CTR closer to the 10%
You get that and YouTube will push your content might be immediate, might take days but you don't worry
  10. @bilalmansoor2747 [1 likes]: hey how to add tags in the description but these tags shows above your title of the video
  11. @travelislovetravelislife3272 [1 likes]: Ryan, do u got a youtube video on how to make thumbnail? pls link if u do
  12. @FavourUremz [1 likes]: Absolute gold, subscribed and staying
  13. @zenseasonschannel: This is a great video! you have some great stuff on here! Thanks!
  14. @AdamAsta: You need to work on Your titles and thumbnails