- How to Remove YouTube shorts in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en How to block shorts in 2025. Now, Firefox users are going, "Titus, what you do with Ublock Origin and the scripts from last year still work. That's great." Chrome users, however, are kind of out in the dark right now. They have a Ublock Origin light, which it does all right job for blocking ads, but not great. And uh it doesn't do a good job of blocking shorts anymore. Let's fix that. First off, enhancer for YouTube. Over a million users. It gives a great experience. So, my feed now looks like this. Your feed probably looks like three videos, shorts, three more videos, and then playables. All like you've already scrolled two or three times down your page. Not me. I'm rocking five videos like old school YouTube. I can scroll. And if I go to like a page to play a video, you'll notice I get a little bit of a different experience, too. Right here. Switching to Google Chrome. Well, I got a whole width taken up. So, this is actually a theater mode by default. And you'll notice I'm in HD right here. So, right here, by default, it's 108060 HD. Fantastic. Now, the defaults are normally small screen 720p, and that's how most people have to live. I also have all these shortcut keys. So, as I'm playing a video, >> support has been officially dropped in Microsoft Edge Chrome browser incrementally. have a lot of YouTube >> increase speed decrease speed or just go >> like it's the end of ad blocker >> give me normal. So that's kind of uh the where I live in how I use YouTube effectively and you can even block a lot of this. So let's get into the actual settings of enhancer for YouTube. How I set it this way. First off the prominent settings you're going to want to change automatically switch to playback quality. Now don't just crank this to the highest like 8K or 4K. Uh, most people will just want 1080 just switching from 720. But if you want to, probably 4K. I wouldn't go much above that though. Most people don't upload videos past 4K. So, uh, you'd have a lot of spooling time if you had that as default. So, leave that. Next up, disabling autoplay. I really like this. When you're actually on here, you'll notice as I'm reading comments, I have this nice little pop-up player in the top left right here. So you can adjust the size of that mini player right here for scrolling down. So I can make this bigger if I wanted that to be bigger. And you'll notice it takes up a little more real estate, but I can still read comments. Very nice feature. Use that all the time. I also prevent any automatic loading. So if I'm in the middle, I want to type comments back or reply, I can do that right in there without having any issues. And then uh you saw these controls. Just kind of go through and go, okay, this is good. What's this one? Okay, rightclick to watch with popup player. I'm probably not going to use that. And then I you can kind of go through and customize your shortcuts if you want. I also switched the deep dark theme. I like it. Uh it's like enhanced dark mode essentially. And then set the videos per row. Now you can set this to like four if this is too small on the home screen. Let's go back to YouTube home screen. Four will give you a little bit bigger thumbnails depending on what you're like. If you're on your subscriptions feed, I personally like about five per. Uh I can get through all, hey, what's going on with anybody I sub to? And I can quickly scan and get through my feed. Uh and then off as I need. And then of course hide shorts. And then that automatic full width is the theater mode. So I enable that. I don't like cinema mode because it puts this dark opacity around everything that's not the video. So, I never enable that. I just use the theater mode as I just demonstrated. That's all the settings. Go here, download it, enable it, enjoy a better YouTube until Google screws up again, breaks this, and then, you know, probably I'll have to do another video about how to remove shorts when that happens. So, until that time, enjoy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisTitusTech [73 likes]: Apparently the Firefox version is limited. Here is the old video using uBlock Origin to block it for firefox users: https://youtu.be/Nfr0uIU2lDI
  2. @leemail857 [1 likes]: Thank you CCT, but, if you ever bored (ever). how about a filter to turn off all videos with the word "bombshell"? ;-)
  3. @ResitanceISFutile [1 likes]: If we wanted shorts we would be using another platform.  They are obnoxious.
  4. @diegowarbr6833 [1 likes]: you are a god
  5. @helllllllllloooooooooo: O
  6. @GEBALY11: Thank u so much!!!!
  7. @sophiedyck697: Thank you. I wish it was possible to prevent youtube from playing any shorts at all though. But having to look for shorts explicitly to watch them already helps.
  8. @phutton: This has changed my youtube experience for the better, thank you so so much!!!
  9. @Jean-Clawed: Still can't stop shorts coming up in notifications for subscriptions.
  10. @publicaccount4966: IF I HAD TO TRUST WINDOWS OR ONLINE PLATFORMS LIKE YOUTUBE, I WOULD ALWAYS TRUST THIS MAN RATHER👍👍
  11. @papajoe75: Thank you
  12. @Av-gurusBlogspot: there is also a simila ext like it's call - ImprovedTube
  13. @Roastedpotato1441: Will this work on a mobile
  14. @PIneInYellow: very helpful!
  15. @LastManStanding.45: THANK YOU!!!
  16. @viniciusrocha2298: Tanks you save us !
  17. @poppafuze: ....and now for those rounded corners.
  18. @imprimirimprimir117: Gracias, funcionó perfecto!
  19. @ashiii008: Any solution on mobile devices
  20. @justone9362: if i want short form content ill open tiktok, i went on youtube for longform

- Why YouTube Shorts SUDDENLY Stop Getting Views: Kind: captions Language: en - Every time you post a YouTube Short, it feels like it's going to go viral, doesn't it? Oh, cool, I'm a small channel and I've already got 1,000 views. Then bang, everything suddenly stops, and then it keeps happening, over and over and over again. Which leaves you to start wondering, is the YouTube algorithm truly against me or worse still, have I been shadow banned? Now usually I would try to convince you otherwise, but what if this time, you're right? - So you have these seed audiences. The seed audience will try and be, it's not really that much interest, and then you'll see it drop suddenly. - And in this video, that's what we aim to find out, why YouTube Shorts views always seems to start strong, and then suddenly tank. You'll learn what's going on behind the scenes with the YouTube algorithm and how it decides which videos to promote. Now it turns out timing and consistency are crucial factors. So you're going to want to pay close attention because I'm going to reveal the optimum posting strategies to ensure that those views don't taper off. But if you get the timing wrong, yep, that temperamental Shorts algorithm is gonna do its thing. So make sure you stick around until the end of this video 'cause I'm going to show you all of the actionable tips that reveal how the YouTube Shorts algorithm is working in 2023. Oh, and I also forgot there's a little game of spot for difference in this video. So if you find it, let us know in the comments below, and I'll give you a thumbs up. And is there such a thing as YouTube shadow banning you from Shorts? Well, keep watching. But first, let's throw this over to you. Have your Shorts views ever dropped off inexplicably? If the answer's yes, which I'm sure it is for many of you, then try the timing strategies in this video and then come back and let us know how you got on. Now then, you're probably quite familiar with this typical YouTube Shorts graph. Not much happens for a few hours and then whoosh, it suddenly takes off, only to flatten out just as quickly. Now, when I first saw this in action years ago, I phrased it as the Shorts surge without really understanding the why behind what was going on. But now, we have an expert's explanation to back all of this up. And if you've got some spare time, try saying Shorts surge, an expert's explanation really fast 10 times. Now, I will confess that this expert opinion comes from someone on Reddit claiming to be a former data scientist from one of the fabled FAANG, but allow me to explain. The YouTube Shorts algorithm consists of two stages, explore and exploit, and it's the seed audience from these stages that determines whether a Short takes off. - If you're a smaller channel, we want to get you a seed audience. Like if we don't know a ton about you, like let's say you're just starting out, we wanna get that as fast as possible. If you're a really small channel, it may take a little bit of time for you to get that seed audience and ramp it. - Now these two dudes are not random experts on Reddit, they're actual YouTube employees, so they should know a little bit about how the YouTube Shorts algorithm works. So we'll get back to the seed audience in a second. The Reddit post explains the explore and exploit stages as a multi-armed bandit system. So think slot machines at a casino. When you first publish a Short, it enters an explore phase, where it gets sent out to a small random seed audience. This seed audience acts like a focus group to test if your content resonates. The algorithm tries to find viewers that might be a good match for your Short based on factors like your niche, their watch history and so on. But here's the catch, that seed audience may not represent your target audience. The seed audience, especially if you're a smaller channel, is randomly selected by the algorithm to minimize regret and maximize engagement. And to support this theory, remember what the YouTube employee said. - If you're a really small channel, it may take a little bit of time for you to get that seed audience and ramp it. - So if we go back to the one-armed bandit, if YouTube finds a perfect seed audience, you've hit the jackpot. And when that happens, the algorithm moves onto its next phase, exploit. The Short will get more exposure and be sent out more widely. However, if that initial seed audience isn't engaged, it doesn't provide enough momentum for the Short to really take off. And then the algorithm will, well, I'll just let the YouTube employee explain. - The seed audience will try and be, oh, it's not really that much interest, - But what if you are counter to all of this is the fact that the video got thousands of views. Surely that's good data for YouTube to work with, right? Well, yes, for long form content, but not necessarily for Shorts. - I think also for creators, we're used to impressions, click through rates, and that doesn't exist in a feed. And so those views feel to me like more like impression than traditional views. - That's right, I think that especially creators starting out, I think a lot of those early views, they're sort of very like exploratory. - Typically, when you watch Shorts, you don't choose the ones you end up watching. YouTube chooses for you through the Shorts Feed. And so logically, the only way to really test these Shorts isn't through impressions, it's through views. Going forward, that is something to remember. Impressions test long form content, views test Shorts, especially when they're first released. You need to keep this strategy top of mind. Make great YouTube Shorts for your target audience. And this is how you stack the odds in your favor. Research your target audience and find out what makes them tick, and tailor everything you do from text, visuals, editing, to match what they like. This gives you a better chance of the content resonating with whatever seed audience YouTube sends your way. Try to post one or two Shorts a day to increase your chance of hitting that jackpot. You can find out through YouTube when your audience is online, so through that you can match your publishing times to when your users are most active on YouTube. The data that will be most useful to you is the new swipe away analytic. And YouTube also now includes returning viewers for Shorts content. In other words, do you hook viewers before they have the chance to swipe away? Once we here at Vid IQ began adopting these strategies, YouTube eventually discovered the perfect seed audience for our Shorts. And now they function very much like regular videos in terms of views, including views from search, and external traffic sources. But we'll also admit that none of this came easy to us. It took about a year and 100 YouTube Shorts to figure this out. So yeah, patience is always a YouTube virtue. And with this YouTube Short, we can really put that Reddit theory to the test. 1.2 million views in 70 days. And what did it do? Explore and exploit. Exploit and exploit some more. So with the YouTube Shorts algorithm still effectively being a work in progress, does that mean it's exploitable, vulnerable to hacks? Well, apparently there is one, many creators have exploited it, and it's as simple as they come, re-uploading. - Is your YouTube Short is stuck at one view? Here's a little trick you can try. So what I'm gonna do is re-upload the clip onto YouTube. The video with one view, I'm actually just going to make it unlisted for now. Alright, I'm making the new video public, so let's see what happens. So it's a day later and we're at 176 views as opposed to being stuck at one. - Okay, so would we recommend doing that? - No. - Probably not. The same YouTube employee who was speaking to Colin and Samir is part of our Vid IQ Max Discord group. And he says that to YouTube, reloading will be seen as abusive and will get your channel flagged as spam. And that's when you could truly consider your channel shadow banned, and for good reason. Things are starting to get more strategical. But ultimately what it always boils down to on YouTube, no matter what content you are creating, is viewer satisfaction. And what is the most important thing that satisfies a viewer when it comes to Shorts? Not the title, not the thumbnail, the hook. Within literal seconds, you need to pull the viewer into the Short so that they don't swipe away. So how are you gonna do that? With proven hacks used by the greatest creators on the YouTube Shorts platform that guarantee to hook viewers. It's all over here, click, watch, enjoy, implement, grow. Did you spot the difference? That's what happens when you film stuff on different days.

  Top Comments:
  1. @legendart711 [1 likes]: Anyone in 2026 ?? 😢🎉
  2. @Daniel_art-i9h [1 likes]: Thanks so much ❤❤❤❤
  3. @octatalk1407: Thanks a lot ❤
  4. @GamingRexEdits: I guess I am shadowbanned now
  5. @Deathryy: This is stupid. People have lives and jobs that do this as a hobby. How are we expected to do this 'consistently' with all that happening? that should NOT be a factor. What should be is the fact that people watched, and responded. Youtube is a joke now.
  6. @veraci_store: i'm stuck guys need some help
  7. @ГолосДагестана05: 👍🔥
  8. @HorizonHostel: Same here
  9. @TheBerryBits: Sucks when it happens
  10. @DanFanimals: Why can’t I find one video about how when you get a viral hundred thousand plus video your whole channel shuts down basically from 5000 views an hour to zero and any new posts don’t even get tested. Why is there no video on this?
  11. @thenarrque: how about 0 view jail?
  12. @RandomStrings0: Good and awesome
  13. @RandomStrings0: Great … thank youuuu tooo much ! ❤
  14. @growfromzerouv: And what will happen if you don't make it
  15. @окакер42: youtube sometimes deletes my comments for 0 reason🫩
  16. @Mom_Walt: My graph dont even rise above 30 0:45
  17. @torchlightwolf8152: Yeah, I noticed that on my channel my YouTube shorts used to get a lot of views, and now suddenly they barely get any
  18. @REELFISHER_OUTDOORSMAN: Í usually get 1000 or more views on average on shorts my last two shorts got 0 views in the first 24 hours
  19. @rori_dee_7: I've been getting 0 to 30 views max🥀🥀🥀
  20. @NextFrame_rants: good video

- How To Remove YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en you might notice I have no shorts anywhere in my YouTube feed all of it just just plain old YouTube right I love this I'm going to explain how to do it give you a little copy paste and and also a guide to follow along over on Chris tias.com so you could easily mimic this for yourself so you can get your YouTube how you want now most people are like why why even block shorts a isn't everybody doing short form content and it's a personal preference but my big thing with shorts is I I feel like I'm getting Dumber every time I watch them and I lose a lot of my time and productivity by ingesting shorts so for me I absolutely have to block shorts for some people it's an Escape and they just want to you know throw away a couple hours by all means keep shorts enabled but for you that really wants to elevate their gameer their productivity and get old you YouTube back let's get into it uh first off ublock origin ublock is such a a great tool for blocking a lot of stuff but the big thing is getting rid of shorts now what I do is I just click the little icon I hit settings and go to my filters right here and if you go to Chris titus. comom remove YouTube dorts You'll see this little page and I have two different uh actual filters here this is the one I use it's hide YouTube shorts It's a GitHub project uh the source is right here and also I linked to the original source project here if you need a backup list let's say this gets removed or it disappears tomorrow I also have a filter list from let's block it so what you do just look at this and you can just hit copy come over into your U block my filters and let's just uh show you what this looks like and you just paste it in and hit apply changes that's it that's all you have to do and then when you close out of YouTube go back into YouTube you won't have any shorts now if you can't get that let's say my site's down or something you could just go to the GitHub project go into list. text file you could download this L directly or you could just click the raw file and just get uhr a contrl c copy it directly from the raw GitHub or you go on let's block it as well and get it there but this is something I wanted to show everyone not a very long video today this is just something that I wanted to get out there so I can improve your life give as much value as possible if you like the video like it subscribe if you want to see more content like this and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrMarbles [8000 likes]: why would you wanna block shorts?
  2. @Projectufo-s6q [1 likes]: How to disable the plus icon on bottom of youtube App which can access camera to create Shorts . If you open YouTube in a web browser then you don't see this plus icon . Moreover shorts are very annoying so need a clean interface. No more shorts on the YouTube app . How ?
  3. @joshjordan6987 [1 likes]: There back for me any updates
  4. @MikeBCNU: why is is always a fucking labyrinth of clicking. how about a slider that says "no shorts"
  5. @grruchikson4620: W man
  6. @VenzzYT-0511: "How to delete TikTok from Youtube" alternative title
  7. @campionpesate4647: I always hated them. turns my brain into mush
  8. @PratyushTewari: Thank you. I was able to block Blippi finally!
  9. @musicalsapphire9456: Would it work on mobile phone 📱
  10. @Pigman1251: thank you so much, my feed is so much nicer now
  11. @jesalf9604: way wasn't this considered a short? 2:51min video or it's only those that I don't like which are like half the size
  12. @beyaztarslan4774: Amazing and  Working thanks
  13. @Ayush-w3t9r: damm that worked great W develeoper
  14. @shreenivasrangarajan4378: Thanks for this tip! I copy pasted the code into my filters on ublock origin, the shorts are removed from my homescreen but they still show up in my search results? Anyone else facing this issue or did I do something wrong?
  15. @dbg7246: Thank you so much. It worked in 2026. Is there a way to do it on a iPhone watching YouTube?
  16. @alacerationgravity: What if I want to block shorts on my phone?
  17. @synchemist6462: Is there a way to add exceptions?
  18. @glynidk3057: Thank you so much for making this!! Lifesaving <333
  19. @RandomChimp: Thank you so much! ❤

My YouTube desktop had been "updated" so that shorts where given priority over regular vids and listed first at the top of my subscription page.

Your wonderful code sorted that out, and now shorts aren't listed for me at all - absolutely perfect
  20. @DanielHeize: There are some useful Shorts out there but its 99% just bullshit which i always get hung up on. If only i could just filter my Shorts so i can only get good Shorts.

- How To UNFREEZE Your Shorts Channel FAST !: Kind: captions Language: en nah this has to be the worst feeling ever luckily for me though I know exactly how to break out of this and how to start making multiple viral videos without having your channel stay stuck like this and start looking more like this on a brand new [Music] channel what is going on YouTube it's your boy Halles welcome back to another video today we're going to be talking about exactly how to unfreeze your YouTube channel this is a problem I think we all go through this is a problem I have went through a million times as you can see on the screen right now this is proof that I've gone through this as well I think a lot of you guys have this image of me that I can just start a YouTube channel and make it viral in the first days which I have done but I also want you guys to see that this has happened to me and funny enough it still happens to me sometimes but that's exactly why in today's video I'm going to be talking about exactly how to take your videos from looking from this right here three views and it never went up to this right here having viral videos 6.3 million views and still gaining around 80k um per every 48 hours which is insane and funny enough again I want you guys to see that this is the exact same channel right here as you can see from this flopped video this is the same channel so how was I able to take this channel right here from getting three views no views per video to the than getting Millions on millions of views per video which as you can see we have another one with 3 million and we have multiple with 3 million 2 million and I have other channels that are gaining thousands of views every single day and not getting stuck in that 5 to 10K view um cap as you would like to say so let's talk a little bit about it and before we get into the video I just want to say if you guys are interested in a free Discord Community I actually have one down below you guys can go Network go talk to other people who are actually trying to you know build YouTube channels scale YouTube channels make money online make money with YouTube Tik Tok all of that so if you guys are interested go ahead and join down below and if you guys are interested in a private mentorship where I share all my free sauce with you guys just go ahead and DM me the word private on Instagram and I will get you guys right with the info but anyways let's go ahead and get into this video and dive deep into how you can actually unfreeze your shorts channels so actually sometimes it seems like your videos are doing great your channel is doing great your videos are getting 10K 15K views and all of a sudden your videos start looking like this and it seems like YouTube doesn't even want to push out your content and it's happened to me I'm actually going to pull up a Channel right now that absolutely flopped and it's flopping right now but I'm going to show you guys exactly what I'm going to do so you guys can do the same exact thing on your channel and go ahead and switch it around but as you can see this right here is not stuck at all I'm still gaining hundreds of thousands of views every single day just because I'm actually applying these rules and Reviving my channels I guess you could say now the first point I actually want to make in this video is actually assuring that your content is good quality content now you might be like bro obviously I know that my content has to be good why are you telling me this but what I mean by this is actually assuring that your videos are something people like to see you're going to notice a little Trend here on my videos and this is other cars other Duos other cars other cars all of my t all of my titles sorry are the same exact thing but this is what's making me go viral every single month I'm literally gaining millions of views on this brand new Channel that I started if you guys are new to the channel my name is halls I build and scale YouTube channels and this channel right here infinite cars is a public Channel I have to everyone and I literally documented the first video I posted to now and how I've gotten it from zero to hundreds of thousands and millions of views every single day so just some little quick proof so you guys can see how this works um but anyways like I was saying for the content this content right here that I was making didn't have some sort of backup this content I didn't even know if it was going to go viral it was stuff that I thought was good and stuff that I thought was going to go viral but I didn't see it from a viewer's perspective so that's the first point I want to make just make sure that you see your content from a viewer's perspective and you you know that your content wants to be um seen by other people um study other people study your competitors see what they're doing for titles as you can see my title was complete whack on this one I literally did Invincible with Emojis and a whole bunch of hashtags which I'll get into it in a bit hashtags are complete are a complete myth bro hashtags do not work as you can see right now I'm doing absolutely no hashtags on my titles and I'm getting millions of views so it's all about the content now let's say that your content is good and you're sure that your content is good you're sure that your titles is like everything is good with your videos and this is the most frustrating part when you're posting good videos like you're videos are you you know that your videos are good I keep stuttering but I'm trying to keep this video authentic um and your videos are getting no views you're just posting good videos for no reason and that used to happen to me too with other channels not just this one even though this one my old videos were not that good but anyways I was not getting anything out of my videos what you want to do and let's say your channel is looking like this right now and you post I want you guys to be consistent first of all be consistent this is the second point I'm going to make be consistent until five videos or 5 to 10 videos in and if your videos still look like this then this is the next point I'm going to make and this point is very important and it's what I use it's like this little push pull method I'm going to call it a push pull method which basically you just push content push push push push push and if YouTube really doesn't want to push your content out you're going to pull back so what you're going to do is let's say you get three videos in a row with three views you're going to take a complete break you're not going to post anything on your channel anymore you're going to kind of treat YouTube like your girlfriend bro if she's not giving you attention just pull back pull away and stop giving her attention because obviously YouTube don't want you bro YouTube does not want to push your content out that's that's literally how you want to see YouTube but um this is very important because a lot of people you know a lot of people do say consistency is key and consistency is key to a certain extent consistency is not key in this scenario if your videos are getting two views five views three views 10 views stop posting bro stop posting do not feed into this consistency is key stop posting pull away because a lot of the times your views are just going to stay like this and I have experienced it so many times you guys I've experienced it so many times I've experienced the times where I'm trying to keep consist like being consistent but obviously it's not working bro and I've tried and tried and tried so what do I mean by using this Push Pull method so once you pull out out you know once you stop posting just take a break and really analyze and re-evaluate your content just re-evaluate your whole content editing your whole titles everything but make sure that you come back better than ever bro come back better than ever you guys have to realize that YouTube is Just a Little Numbers Game and you guys can blow up more easily than you think these little numbers right here are literally just little videos that I make and somehow they're going viral just look at it like that but anyways that's not even the point I'm getting I'm getting off track but anyways you want to take a break from posting bro take a break from posting it does suck because I know sometimes we want to post daily but take a break from posting and actually I did this with someone in my mentorship program his videos stopped getting views zero views five views 10 views and we did this thing where we waited and we waited around 5 days or four days and we started off a fresh new week he posted and guess what his videos were back up now I'm not going to tell you that your views are going to be back up sometimes they are sometimes they're not and if they're not what you're going to do and this is super super key listen to this so if your videos are not back up after you took this pretty long break like a week break is good and you posted make sure your content is good by the way and your video did not get pushed out again this is right now when you do this twice or three times when you do when you do this little push pull method two or three times and it's still not working this is when I'm going to tell you back away re-evaluate your Niche my man and change it because a lot of the times man we do want to stick to a niche but a lot of the times it's not going to work now this brings me to my next point which is patience and determination and you might call me crazy for saying um that patience is key when I just told you to change your Niche but I don't mean it like that I mean obviously you have to be patient and know that your videos can blow up but when you do this little thing and you you know pull away and then you start posting again and again and again and it's not working then you have to either change your Niche or completely change your editing style this is a harsh reality and a harsh truth that not a lot of people are going to tell you A lot of people are going to tell you bro just keep posting keep posting keep posting but your content is whack and your content is not viral worthy if that makes sense viral worthy I don't even know if that's a thing but I know that this type of content is doing good so this is why I'm doing it but obviously I have made channels before in the past when I was just starting where the content was not viral worthy if that makes sense and I would just keep posting um so with this little method that I just told you guys you guys can really test out if your content can do good and let's say you come back and you post a video and your video gets 15K views that's a good sign don't take that as a bad sign I'm talking about when you do this little method you come back once your video gets zero views three views you do it again and you take another break your gets three to five views that's when you know that you have to either like I said change your editing style change your titles change your thumbnails whatever it is or just change your Niche completely and also uh I want to add this in if you guys a lot of people ask me bro is there a um is there like a a punishment for actually um privating my videos and starting new no there is not let me show you guys actually I have a lot of private videos whatever I'm just going toh go ahead and sort by views as you can see these are all my videos that flopped bro all my videos that flopped I have one views two views two views three views three views and all of these as you can see these are all privated I privated these um before actually starting to post again and uh it didn't affect my channel so that's just a little thing that I want to tell you guys that it does not affect your Channel at all but yeah man I think the key for this is really just experimenting and seeing if your content is viral worthy like I said um do what I said in this video you know make sure your content is good take a break post again um change your content style see what's working all of this and the last thing I just want to say in this video is obviously don't give up bro even if it takes months bro work on these channels because this is absolute key to success bro I started my journey back in like 20202 2023 I have screenshots of me literally working my ass off bro every single day and not seeing results but it's what BR me to this point where now I know what's working what's not and how I'm able to build channels every single month and yeah bro I just want to say keep grinding keep getting those views if you guys need any more advice go ahead and check my other videos on the channel I'm making this video just to make a little updated version of my first one um you guys seem to really love it but yeah I love making these videos and just talking and being real with you guys I know sometimes I Yap a lot and I get off track a lot but it's really just what I like to do on this channel obviously this my main Channel and I just like to make raw authentic videos like I said go ahead and join my Discord if you guys want to talk just DM me on uh IG I try my best to respond to everyone but keep grinding you guys keep renting money I'm going to have some bangers uh soon so yeah I'll see you guys in the next one and I hope everyone has a great day or night

  Top Comments:
  1. @halsfr [271 likes]: Join the Private Community: https://www.skool.com/hals-private-6467/about

or join the free discord here: https://discord.gg/cxub2KtyJ5

apply here for a youtube music deal:
https://www.blastoffmedia.co/register?ref=6a146a35-88f2-49e5-b6a9-0d94517632ed
  2. @lianchuyy [1 likes]: If you are new on youtube hope we will have our break soon! 🙏
  3. @MidnightTruth-001 [1 likes]: Small Channel, Let’s grow together
  4. @Prouddemocrat-h6e [1 likes]: So tired of zero views and my content is super cool
  5. @Theonlyrealrobloxbacon1: Small creators support
  6. @HigherLevelMediaProductions: Youve got a good message and great intent but I wish you had been reading from a script cause I feel like there are a few tips that contradict with other ones. 🤷🏻‍♂️ Still learned a thing or two tho.
  7. @AmazingSongs-c4v: The answer on how to unfreeze is.... nothing.
  8. @InvisibleGD37: 2026 anyone?
  9. @ruvoszx: Sub if you saw this comment
  10. @daiacuaresma: Yeah! Thanks bro!
  11. @TheFungalFrontier: Dreaming for more subs 🙏
  12. @envixityjames: Skip to 3:15 to Avoid yapping
  13. @envixityjames: Hiii😊
  14. @Bluebellthesassyconure: Thank you for your insight and help
  15. @RankedCentralReal: 0 view jail is no joke
  16. @MarlonVM: Not only my video don't have views I have tons of haters bro🥀🥀🥀
  17. @Thechilldog-n6i: thanks for this
  18. @PrimePlayPp: keep the progress small youtubers
  19. @eararecap: Nice video Bro 🎉
  20. @TheUnitedPost1: Someone explain to me how my views is 26k and on my monetisation page it shows 6.6k as my progress

- How to TURN OFF YouTube Shorts... FOREVER!: Kind: captions Language: en If you're one of those people who cannot stand shorts infecting your YouTube recommendations feed, even though you never watch them, I have some truly excellent news. I don't know why, but this always happens to me now. Shorts at the very top of my YouTube feed. It vexes me, especially when this show fewer shorts option only works for about 17 seconds. Thankfully, we now have a more permanent solution. Go to your profile image and then settings in the top right-hand corner and then select time management. Now, if you scroll to the bottom of this screen, you'll see something called daily limit. Tap on this and you'll see a shorts feed limit. This tool has been around for quite a while now, but what they've done is add a new limit of zero minutes. So, if you tap that and then return to your home feed and then refresh it, voilà, that top batch of shorts has gone and so has every other short on your recommendation feed. Now, to preempt some of the comments I'm going to see on this video, as of time of recording, I know not everybody can see this feature yet. Don't worry, it's slowly rolling out to everyone. Be patient. Now, the shorts player button is still there at the bottom of the app, but if you tap it, you'll be warned that you've instantly reached your shorts feed limit for the day. Although, you can still bypass it with this ignore option at the bottom of the screen. And just to show you what happens if you completely turn off the daily limit feature and then return to the home page and refresh it, the shorts recommendations immediately return below one long-form video. Gee, thanks, YouTube. So, now you know this exists, I want to ask you a question and I'm going to do it with another brand new YouTube feature that I want to test out. So, hopefully now in this top corner, there should be a quiz that's going to ask you whether or not you're going to use this feature, yes or no. Now, I know really this should be a voting poll, but YouTube killed those voting poll cards about half a decade ago at this point. But, I want to test this feature to see what sort of engagement I get. But, obviously, if you want to give a more considered answer, then the comments below are open and welcome. And since we're on the topic of new features, I just wanted to give a quick shout out to our thumbnail generation tool that's gone through another round of updates. Simply upload your video to YouTube, click this generate button, and VidIQ will scan the visuals and the context of the video to generate a thumbnail. You can start using it now with our browser extension linked in the description. It's really good. Now, I will agree this time management way of turning off YouTube shorts is, shall we say, clunky. But, at least we've got something now, right? But, what about the desktop YouTube experience? For about a year now, the desktop home page has seen a short shelf dominating half the screen real estate, giving long-form videos maybe just three or four thumbnails. So, you would think that by going to the settings and then playback and performance, you might find a similar time management option. But, nah, I just made this setting up. Now, from a creator's point of view, does this mean that because your shorts aren't getting recommended as much, you're not going to get as many views? Well, I guess it's possible, but I don't think that many shorts views come directly from recommendations. They come from the shorts player itself. And let's be honest, from a YouTube user perspective, this is a long overdue feature that is finally here. But, here's something that might annoy you. Even with this time management setting turned on, if you search for something on YouTube, shorts do still appear in the results. It's covering up the entire screen. So, I think we can all agree that this is a giant leap forward in the right direction from YouTube for users who just cannot stand shorts, at least for mobile users, anyway. But, as always seems to be the case, it's not the perfect and simple, elegant solution that everybody was looking for. And don't get me started on playables. Why?

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [21 likes]: CORRECTION: The quiz is under the video, not in the top right hand corner. Forgive me... AND ANSWER THE QUIZ!
  2. @johnathanbrandt2526 [2 likes]: I started turning this feature on the second you started explaining it. The demons who run YouTube only have 15 minutes as the minimum option but its something. Thanks.
  3. @codyshi4743 [1 likes]: Thank you so much, bro. Now I can get rid of YouTube Shorts when having to get rid of YouTube watch history.
  4. @choof_worm [1 likes]: You can completley disable shorts on the website i just dont undsrstand why they csnt roll it out to the app, it ruins youtube
  5. @Lothryin [1 likes]: I have unmedicated ADHD, as I hate the soulless feeling I get from the medications, and I'm not ashamed to admit short form content one shot me. I think back to the person I was before I spent all of my time on various short form content apps and I miss the motivation I used to have to do stuff. I deleted all the other apps and thank God YouTube added this feature.
  6. @kamnovak5268: buddy what about on computer? what kind of idiot watches stuff on a screen the size of a phone?
  7. @NikasoMika: I thank you for this
  8. @KyletheNerd111: Thank the LOOOOOORD 😍🥰
  9. @kai_miauuuuuuuu: thank you,I keep watching stupid shorts and waisting time
  10. @sandrastone7019: Did everything you advised, but Shorts are STILL presenting.
  11. @24Unseen: can you not do it in the youtube PC app?
  12. @vaibhavsharma6479: What is the point iff you can bypass it, kids are unstoppable, just an eyewash 😂
  13. @Willem_nmn: I cannot thank you enough!
  14. @carolanne: Thank you for this!! I have told as many people as I can. YT shorts always pulled me in, but I didn't want to limit my time on the app because I love long form content. Thank you again!
  15. @ThorneyedWT: I hate shorts almost as much as AM hated humanity.
  16. @sumanduttagg: Thanks❤
  17. @AditiShukla-m6r: Super 👌 👍 😍 🥰
  18. @aQeelz2: How to disable children's videos which are scary in YouTube?
  19. @AshishKumarSingh-e5x: Thanks 👍
  20. @pankhuridwivedi: my child presses the cross button in the right corner when it shows the limit cross pop up.

- How to make shorts that go viral every time: Kind: captions Language: en 3 million views 5 million views 9 million views about 1 year into starting shorts I had finally figured out the blueprint to consistently going viral and today I'm going to be passing that knowledge onto you this video won't be a basic tutorial where I tell you to use a certain Niche or hashtags all of that stuff is you'll be learning the exact formula that top creators use to blow up all of their shorts so Focus up take notes if you'd like and let's get started before we can talk about breaking the algorithm we need to understand how it works and also how it can be exploited and first things first it's not random and it has nothing to do with luck the algorithm simply shows the best most engaging content on the platform so as long as you can make engaging shorts with high retention then blowing up is pretty much guaranteed and to prove that statement let's go back to one when I was just starting out on shorts I had basically no idea what I was doing and my shorts wouldn't even break a 100 views but I kept improving my content until I finally started having success on the channel I believe it took about 4 months for me to hit 10K subscribers but here's where it gets crazy on my next Channel after that I hit 10K Subs in 3 weeks simply because I was more experienced and knew how to make better content cont so believe me when I say the algorithm always recognizes good shorts and pushes them forward and you'll start seeing this happen with your shorts if you do everything I tell you to everything else is completely useless if you neglect this step an interesting topic is the basis of every viral Shore out there and without it you can never hope to get many views so start with this think of your intended audience the people in your Niche what do they want to see what type of videos are already performing well in your space take some time to consider these questions I also suggest that you go research the big channels in your Niche to see what vide types worked well for them now I found this Creator's Channel and I think it's a perfect example of why those things are so important if we look at his most popular shorts you'll see that the topics are aimed at a younger audience mostly school kids therefore when he starts making videos that don't appeal to younger school kids you can see that his views shoot way down but now if we look at his most recent short he got a lot more views than usual because he again started targeting his core audience so always consider who your audience is and what they want to watch now just by following that advice your video ideas will be 10 times better than they were before but there's still more to it take a look at this short and try try to see what's wrong with it Mr Beast shared the key secret to his success on YouTube and it's not what you'd expect like all you need to do this this applies to people who have not uploaded videos but have dreams of being a YouTuber is make a 100 videos and improve something every time all right the video continues for 20 more seconds but we can pause it there so what went wrong well the topic itself wasn't the issue it was pretty attention grabbing and the audience probably initially stayed to watch but this short still would have never performed well because the Creator made a huge mistake that you might be making as well for a minute pretend you're the audience of this short so the video idea was introduced to us at the beginning how Mr Beast got successful we got interested and decided to watch to find out how but only 5 seconds later we immediately got what we came for Mr Beast revealed how he got successful so there was no more anticipation and we ended up scrolling away the terrible mistake this Creator made was paying off the topic too quickly ideally the secret should have been revealed at the end that way the audience had to keep watching in order to find it out this shows us that the delivery and execution of the topic are equally as important as the actual idea which takes me to my next point this is a huge aspect to master if you want to effortlessly make viral content editing is how you present your video the external things like cutting pacing and captions structure is how you compose your video with things like storytelling and payoffs learn how to combine good structure and good editing and you'll be going viral with every single post and to help you guys with that there's a system that I use called HPC which I'll break down for you guys starting with h the hook the first 5 Seconds of your shorts also the most important part of your content your hook should introduce the topic of the video while still leaving the viewer with a lot of questions look at how this Creator executed his hook on a short with over 70 million views I want to be the first person to have a snowball fight in the desert all right let's break that down so it was fast-paced and attention grabbing no pauses quick music with captions on the screen but it also gave us a lot of questions how's he going to have a snowball fight in thead where is he going to get snow how did he even get in a desert so we would have continued watching to answer those questions and that leads us to the second letter of HPC progression but there's a problem it's hot out here the sand won't form balls and we don't have any snow so Braden and I grabbed our cooler and headed for the mountains it was a long voyage and I often wondered if it was going to be worth it right so we're progressing along in the short and notice how the Creator is meeting the expectations he set in the intro he said he was going to have a snowball fight in the desert so now he's fulfilling that promise and literally showing the adventure to get snow this is something you have to do in your shorts imagine if he said okay now let's get some snow and then he walks to his car and pulls out a cooler filled with ice that would be terrible right we'd be so disappointed so make sure that the idea given in the intro matches the actual content now the final letter of HPC stands for climax the climax is the moment that the topic is fulfilled and the audience finally gets what they came for which in this case is a snowball fight in the desert now there's only one thing that two men can do with a cooler full of snow throw it at each other and that wraps up everything nicely that was overall a very good short the use of editing complimented the video Style the music was fitting he threw some jokes in there as well and the storytelling was very effective even if your Niche is completely different from this guy if you apply his same tactics to your own content you'll start seeing your shorts get hundreds of thousands of views and also never be afraid to imitate other creators learning from successful channels is a very important part of improving your shorts so at this point you should have the knowledge to make a good short but we're not done yet most people are limiting their views without even realizing it because they Overlook some crucial details about the actual posting of their content and I'm not talking about hashtags or the title that's only the tip of the iceberg on one of my earlier shorts channels I was kind of just experimenting with my uploads seeing if there was an ideal post frequency and time of day and what I found was actually pretty interesting first the day of the week didn't matter at all I had shorts fail and succeed on literally every day of the week but what actually did matter was the time of posting I noticed that my shorts posted in the morning would get noticeably higher views than any other time of day but that doesn't mean you should post in the morning let me show you something if you go to the analytics tab in studio press audience and scroll down a bit you can see the times when your audience is most active and if you look at my graph the morning is when I get the most traffic which means it's the best time to post for me but for you it's probably different so align your posting times to when your audience is most active now I also experimented with upload frequency how often you should post but the results I got weren't very straightforward between two channels I posted as little as twice per week and as often as four times per day just to see which was most effective so right off the bat four times per day was too much usually only half of them would ever get picked up by the algorithm and my overall quality of content dropped on on the other end posting twice per week worked better however it was kind of boring and unproductive since I could have been making more shorts in that time now I found that once per day was a sweet spot because I had enough time to make highquality posts while still posting enough to get consistent exposure but if you find that once per day is too much it's fine to tone it down really the most important thing is that you stay consistent and don't go too long without uploading or else you'll end up losing a a lot of momentum so that's my proven advice to making viral shorts if you want some more advanced strategies specifically focused on retention then click the link in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @Limitless_WheelSpins [1 likes]: I'm a small creator with around 1.3k subs. And i can say that all of these tips are useful
  2. @MrShadowXd321: make this comment get virall
  3. @RefugMohit: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  4. @firegoat61: Make me viral 😂
  5. @ThreadsAndTea: To everyone at the start of your journey like me, let’s not give up!
  6. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  7. @originalvelouraclothing: I’m just starting a business so ima need this
  8. @DannyMotivational: ill be big soon.
  9. @MrMeowOficial: braddar wat is this delet
  10. @SlxughterRL: Yo man, I got 6k views in 10 minutes thank you so much broo..
  11. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Is Mr best niche good
  12. @aman_rawat85: this is the type of track spotify recommends once and then your whole week revolves around it 😭
  13. @MasonCarstensHasAura: make this comment also go viral idk why
  14. @CraftZone03: could you guys help me out
  15. @ZyniqAI-j9g: Please tell me how can i pass 0view jail
  16. @sadsquirrel0: I watched this video to study why i am so addicted to shorts lol.
  17. @simpleK_1: Thanks❤ bro
  18. @zukiclipping: thankyou bro, this helps alot! I'll comeback again
  19. @clintsentertainment: Yo this helped me a lot thankyou so much
  20. @Cheeser5-w8x: Make this comment go viral

- How to Make EVERY Youtube Short Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en your next YouTube short is going to go viral and here's why in the last year I've made 54 YouTube shorts and six of them have got over 1 million views which means that one in nine of the shorts that I post is going viral and it's not just luck even the shorts that didn't get a million are still getting hundreds and thousands of views and that's because they all follow the exact same blueprint that forces the algorithm to recommend them over and over again so after watching this video your next million view short could be less than nine posts away and if you really follow every single step step that I'm about to tell you it could be your next one now the first thing that you need to get right is something I like to call the 3 second thumbnail and I already know what you're thinking YouTube shorts don't have thumbnails and yep you are technically right but let me explain there are three key elements to a great YouTube thumbnail it's eye-catching it has a clear message and it's intriguing enough to click on and start watching but what's this got to do with shorts when you post a YouTube sh it just gets thrown into the feed with millions of other videos nobody chooses to click on it people just scroll through the selection of videos that YouTube chooses until something catches their eye so the opening 3 seconds of your video needs to convince somebody to stop scrolling and keep watching so this is your 3 second thumbnail your intro needs to include the exact same elements as a great YouTube thumbnail that goes hand inand with your idea and your title you first need to find an irresistible video idea that people want to see more on that later you need to use that idea in the title tying it into some keywords if you can and you need to audibly say the idea in your intro you can do that by posing it as a question or just introducing it as an outrageous concept but there is a right and a wrong way to do this for my viral YouTube short about buying fake YouTube subscribers a bad intro would look something like this I know firsthand that gaining YouTube subscribers takes a really long time so that's why I decided to buy fake YouTube subscribers and see what happens now whilst this example is technically fine it tells the right story and adds the right context it's still way too long it just doesn't capture the main idea quickly enough to grab attention remember you only have 3 seconds if this intro was an actual thumbnail it would be a really overcrowded image which doesn't sell the main message so a much better and more effective intro would be something like this what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscribers and that's what we went for you should always get straight to the point and make viewers feel compelled to carry on watching and you'll always know if your intro is good if over 70% of people choose to watch it instead of swiping away but that's not the whole story if the overall idea behind the intro isn't interesting enough then it still won't work no matter how Punchy it is and finding the very best ideas for your videos isn't always easy but when it comes to my channel we have a method for that all six of my viral shorts are based on long form videos that I'd already made so I'd already done all of the topic research and SEO so in most cases I already knew that these ideas work because they've already got views but even if you don't have a library of long form videos to look back on you can still very easily find good ideas that work you need to research your Niche know your competitors and see which con concepts are working for them then put your own spin on them my fake subscribers idea has been done a million times before in a million different shorts but I put my own spin on it I added some extra value and it worked the truth is most viewers on YouTube Love recognizable Concepts because they know what to expect and by the way you shouldn't just use YouTube as inspiration either posts that go viral on any other platform are also a great place to find ideas because again there's proof that people are interested in them tweets or Instagram posts can be a great source of facts or interesting perspectives that can be turned into shorts videos but sadly finding a great idea and grabbing attention in those first 3 seconds just isn't enough in fact if your overall retention is below 70% I guarantee you'll stop getting views you want every retention graph to look like this and not like this think of every shorts video as a sandwich and the 3second thumbnail is just the bread you now need to fill those slices with something delicious in the form of your storytelling and the very best way to do that is by adding more 3second thumbnails to your video your intro grabs the attention of somebody who's scrolling which opens up something called a curiosity Loop now that you've grabbed their interest at the start that needs to pay off by the end this is now an open loop that needs closing or they won't be satisfied so if you ask a question in your intro that needs to be answered by The End by opening up multiple other Loops throughout the video you tighten your grip on the attention of the audience just when they're thinking of swiping up you need to re-engage them with another loop and convince them to stay and as you can see when you put all of these loops on top of each other it sort of starts to look like a sandwich sort of in this same fake subscribers video I used four more mini hooks throughout the 32 second short and they come in all sorts of different forms one of them is a Twist one of them is a joke to break up the tempo the other two just hint that something bad is about to happen so it gives a reason to carry on watching and the best way to make sure you're putting together the best sandwich possible is to have a recipe you need to write a script for every single video this process helps to condense the information to the Bare Essentials and avoid any repetition or rambling if you already have a long form script from a previous video this can make things a little bit easier because it's normally just a case of condensing that down removing all of the filler and just keeping those essential moments add in those mini thumbnail moments and if you really want to boost your overall retention there's something else you have to try now a lot of people in the comments have told me that they hate this method and granted it is a little bit of a gimmick but the fact of the matter is it works this shorts retention graph is flat which means that most people aren't leaving my video at the end and this makes the algorithm love you and one of the main reasons why it's so flat is because of what happens right at the end of this short I stopped getting recommended as well so that is what actually happens when you buy fake YouTube subscri notice how this video Never sounds like it's wrapping up and it seamlessly Loops back around to the start of the video and again this is why scripting is such an important step you need to plan for these moments before you film and from here we get to the most important step to send multiple videos into the millions of views you need to repeat this process exactly I followed these exact exact tips for every single one of my viral shorts they're all based on great long form ideas they have quick strong intros they have multiple mini intros throughout and they all loop back around to the start they're all at a very similar duration I use the same background music in every upload I even film in the same place being successful with YouTube shorts is about repeating a blueprint that works but also don't panic if your videos don't get views right away all of my viral shorts took about 3 months before they really blew up so be patient and if you got the formula right the views will come but if your YouTube shorts still aren't getting views even after months and months of uploading I guarantee there's two things that you're getting wrong and I tell you how to fix them right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @FliterKing-Sub [1 likes]: Never got more than 100 Subscribers ❤
  2. @Wannwarstdu: How do you get subscribers from shorts? I get practically none...hope some small creators can give me tips! Everything's appreciated! God bless 😊
  3. @marcusss4-m3e: Really enjoyed this! The energy and creativity in the video are great — definitely something that makes scrolling feel fun and fresh 😊🔥. Thanks for sharing!
  4. @Chillerpati11: Thanks for the video! Please tell us about the paid method of increasing the number of views on YouTube shorts
  5. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my channel is going to grow
  6. @AlloraFashionStore: To be honest if we just follow one another we can all become monetized..
  7. @AtoZ_453: Idk man ive got 16 shorts not 1 has gone past 50 so idk what your on about
  8. @Ibra-Ker: I hope we will get there one day 😅😂
  9. @GKCharlie1: Thanks for video! Hopefully, I can get some more views and subscribers!
  10. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: I pray we all make it
  11. @bellemaher4059: Nice
  12. @DarkProductions2026: I MEANT ITT. No matter how many videos I watch. i can never ever get my shorts to go viral 😢 I just wish one could get over 10k views that way I don't feel like nothing 😊😊😊😊
  13. @junriesaplad6998vlog: @junriesaplad6998vlog.Good morning idol..
  14. @Whoppss-q6q: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows  more
  15. @techmindknowledge: Thanks 500 subscribe 🎉
  16. @updateswithocydun: Good you 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Purblic: Buy subs is No use, i using ur idea trying ty
  18. @VoixduSuccès-c6k: Merci, peut tu m'aider
  19. @prm4uofficial: Момент про структуру "зацепка → развитие → payoff" в первые 3 секунды — ключевой, но есть нюанс: алгоритм сейчас сильно учитывает не просмотры, а сигналы удовлетворённости (сохранения и репосты), поэтому стоит добавлять в конце ролика элемент, который хочется переслать другу — неожиданный факт или мини-инструкцию. Кстати, заметили ли вы разницу в охватах у шортсов, где люди активно комментируют, vs тех, где больше лайков? 🤔
  20. @ADAMANTGRIND: Im Doing average 1k views on Shorts, but it already feels Like I am a Big YouTuber ,  so i just keep posting and motivating People.

- How YouTube Shorts go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Your short goes through three distribution&nbsp; waves and you need to perform at each&nbsp;&nbsp; level to keep getting pushed. Wave 1 from 500 to 1.5k views.&nbsp; This one's pretty easy to&nbsp; reach and even easier to pass.&nbsp; To get to 500 views, all you need&nbsp; is good video quality, clean audio&nbsp;&nbsp; and proper metadata, title description and tags that tell the algorithm what your video's about.&nbsp; To pass the 1.5K mark and enter wave 2,&nbsp; you'll need 40 to 50% average view duration,&nbsp;&nbsp; 40 to 50% stay to watch. That tells YouTube : 'Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; people are actually watching this.' Get those numbers right and boom.&nbsp; Welcome to Wave 2. From 1.5 to 3K views.&nbsp; Now your video is being&nbsp; shown to a broader audience.&nbsp; To move forward, you'll need 60% plus&nbsp; average view duration, 60% plus stayed&nbsp;&nbsp; to watch, and a 3% plus like to view ratio. Hit those numbers and your video keeps getting&nbsp;&nbsp; pushed all the way to 12 12.5k views. Wave 3, the breakdown phase.&nbsp; From 12.5k to 25k views. This is where it all changes.&nbsp; Your short is now being pushed&nbsp; to a much wider audience.&nbsp; And if your stats aren't solid, it ends here. To survive wave three and go viral, you need&nbsp;&nbsp; 90% average view duration, 75% stayed&nbsp; to watch, 5% plus like to view ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; and at least 1% of viewers commenting. If you hit those stats, congratulations,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're now inside the viral loop. Here's an example from one of my shorts.&nbsp; At 12.5k views news. It hit the right stats and it kept exploding.&nbsp; But here's another one. It stalled at 25k.&nbsp; The stats decent but almost no comments. That's the key.&nbsp; so now you know exactly how&nbsp; YouTube shorts go viral.&nbsp; Got questions? Drop them in the comments. I reply to every single one.&nbsp; And hey, don't forget to subscribe. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpactYT [106 likes]: ###   Comments ratio (min 0.1%+, not 1%+)   ###

Try this for YouTube SEO🚀👇🏻  (YouTube Growth Tool)
 🔥→           https://vidiq.com/SpactYT                 👈🏻
(Use “spactyt” as a promo code to get 20% off your plan for 2 months)

"Audio is 50% of the viewing experience. Don't overlook it.''           
🔗 🔥 30-Day Free Trial: 
https://share.epidemicsound.com/fztheu  👈🏻🔥


                                                                                                                                   🔴Watch this (YouTube shorts crucial Benchmarks)  🔴 
                                                                                                                                          👉🏻  https://youtu.be/kzXX-X2WR4c  👈🏻
  2. @sfsspacewolf4832 [1 likes]: 1:08
  3. @NAWON0519: Can people here do really support  small content creators?
  4. @a.f.official06: Its not that hard to gain followers
  5. @CarissasGymnasticsComeback: This seems to make sense. I had a short with 164% average view duration and 80% view vs swipe ratio, and yet it stalled at 20k views. However, it had no comments!
  6. @Real-bed: i posted shorts around the same topic and 3 shorts in a row got 1.2k views ive only gotten 1k- to barly 10k view help pls
  7. @ceovickyyt: Hope we all grow guys!
  8. @polishedbyL: how do I get my metadata and stats up? my content doesn't get to the right audience
  9. @SpeedFix8360: Let's grow together
  10. @Tigervel: Damn, I was actually looking for this information thx for the info
  11. @JayGuy-j7k: Small creators gather here
  12. @mobilegameshouZe: Subscribe lets gather
  13. @HeeiroYT: I am trying to get a viral short on my channel and this will be extremely handy for a small creator like me. Thank you kindly good friend and I wish you best of luck with your content!
Liked and subbed ❤️‍🔥
  14. @thesuw: You will be a great creator, I prophesy.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  15. @NathanielEdwards-t7l: What can I do?my shorts a re stocked at 1.5k these days
  16. @M3L0N_PL4YS-MPG: Don't forget
Animations 🤓
  17. @foryou-g2p5c: We can do this guy's!!🔥
  18. @Dadoggodog: Small creators gather here🔥
  19. @Jcschannel6767: IM NOT A BOT YOUTUBE IM DOING THIS FOR SURVIVIABILITY
  20. @milito_elgato-z2y: Not so easy 😢

- How to get retention SO HIGH your shorts always go viral: Kind: captions Language: en 91% retention 93% retention 97% retention one after another again and again and again through my personal experience in making engaging shorts and my research into the strategies of top creators I've created an in-depth process for consistently getting high retention by following the methods in this process you'll be able to keep attention so well that you can't stop going viral so without further Ado let's let's [Music] begin the shorts algorithm uses thousands of methods to decide if your content is worthy of getting views however there is one single element that is undoubtedly the biggest factor in this every Creator acknowledges it as the single most important metric in terms of going viral and I'm sure you've heard of it as well just this simple line on the graph will decide if your short gets 10 views or 10 million views so let's make it as flat as possible now this upcoming advice can be used across all niches but for each person it might apply differently so in these next few minutes consider how you can tailor this information to fit your videos if you were to imagine your content as a car then the composing of your shorts would be the engine without a good engine it doesn't matter if you have a super nice car a Lamborghini because you won't be going anywhere so to explain the concept of composing we can start by drawing a simple line on one end we have the hook and on the other end we have the payoff the line connecting the two is our storytelling I'll go through each point in this drawing and show you how to maximize retention in all of them let's begin with the hook and I'll get to the others later your hook is basically the intro of your short it should be as concise and easy to understand as possible since we don't want to end up confusing the viewers or giving them too much information the hook should also explain the general idea of the video and mention a payoff now it might seem difficult to fit all this in less than 5 seconds but it doesn't have to be complicated find for yourself how this Creator communicated a simple but effective hook to his viewers yes even without a voice this simple use of text is still a very strong hook his viewers want to see what he's referring to in the caption which is a good reason for them to keep watching we also immediately understand the concept of the video because the visuals convey what game he's playing and the situation he's in which shows that you don't always have to physically explain the idea for further reference here's another very good hook but this time it's a completely different Niche my grandma thinks Christmas is expensive so I'm going to prove her wrong by giving her the best Christmas present with $5 let's get started so your hook can look differently depending on your Niche and video type but as long as you can set up a payoff and convey an interesting idea you'll be able to make your viewers stick around but only initially we still have to keep these people engaged until the end of the short or else they'll just scroll away before reaching that point that's where storytelling comes in in and we can start progressing down the line now this part is interesting because how you use storytelling will be very dependent on your Niche and video type if you make voiceover or original content then there's a lot more room with what you can do for that group I recommend you integrate conflict into your script have things go wrong and then resolve the problem with the solution also use a lot of suspenseful words like but and however because it keeps people on edge waiting for what you say next next now in a more General sense there is something that's important to focus on in storytelling for every Niche faceless or not and before I reveal it try to catch it for yourself in this short this is a Starbucks and down the street is another Starbucks and today I'mma start some beef howdy can you give me just like a really fun drink yeah we can definitely do that oh my gosh that's so fun Starbucks a went off this is the most fun drink I've ever seen I pulled up the Starbucks B and did what I had to do and then they said that you guys make super boring drinks okay so I was just going to see if you guys can make a more fun one than them yeah definitely this is what the Starbucks down the street made the genuine shock on tor's face right so in the hook Ryan sets up the plot behind the video and now we want to see who will make the better Starbucks drink then you might have noticed he used a hidden storytelling tool in order to keep us engaged throughout the short let's see even though the concept itself wasn't very tense there was a lot of anticipation he framed things in a way that made made it impossible to scroll because of the building up towards the payoff the hidden tool that Ryan used here was tension and obviously it worked because this short has nearly 100 million views so tension is the most important instrument of Storytelling and it can be applied in very broad circumstances as long as you're building suspense in your viewers now that we've resolved the storytelling and the hook let's move on to the payoff another integral part of your content so remember how I said ear earlier in the hook that you had to mention a payoff well now that we're actually here it's very important that you meet the expectations you set Ryan set up that there would be a competition between the two Starbucks but what if he reached the end of the short after all of that tension and buildup and said well it's a tie that would be lame wouldn't it you want to satisfy your audience because the real trick to getting a ton of retention is returning viewers if you disappoint someone with your payoff then you'll have lost a potential loyal subscriber who would have given you a lot of Engagement in the long run so make sure to fulfill the payoff and look at that we've successfully completed the composing pathway remember what I said earlier about composing being the engine of your shorts well you can think of editing as the physical part of the car the wheel the seats and the walls in the same way that a car couldn't function without an engine it's just as useless without a body to start let's talk about your pacing attention spans are pretty much fried nowadays especially when it comes to short form platforms like YouTube shorts therefore we need to go to Great Lengths to make sure our content is as fast-paced as possible I remember on an old channel of mine in the gaming Niche I would spend a whole hour getting footage for a one minute short that way I could condense all of the most action-packed moments to make the pacing quick and entertaining this is so important because people nowadays value their time much more why would they spend 30 seconds watching your short that isn't even entertaining when they can just scroll away and watch Mr Beast so keep your shorts as fast-paced as possible as for certain tricks like captions Transitions and zooming there isn't one concrete answer that I can give it's heavily dependent on the style of your content so I recommend recommend you search for other creators in your Niche and just do what they do now there's a whole another side of editing as well this aspect of it is often overlooked which is a shame because it plays one of the biggest roles in your engagement see if you can find what it is in this short these are the internet's weirdest websites spot the drowning child.com is like a lifeguard simulator where you're given a video of real people in a swimming pool and you click who you think's drowning to see if you're faster than the Lifeguard what's my star name.com let you type in your name and will return with how a Starbucks employee will find a way to spell it wrong did you catch it as the sections of the video switched the music he used changed as well the soundtrack you pick for your shorts can be used to make the audience feel different moods during different parts of the short this gets them more invested into the video and enhances your storytelling but be careful because if you pick the wrong soundtrack then it can backfire heavily another huge use of music is for building tension I talked about it earlier so you already know how important tension is if you pick a certain song with a buildup then you can create tension from thin air and manipulate people into staying engaged I can't show an example of this because of copyright but this channel is super good at it so check out his content to see what I'm talking about sound effects again depend on your Niche and type of content if you can use them then add them to certain moments for more engagement but if it doesn't fit your video style then it's not a big deal the definition of Leverage is using something to its maximum Advantage if we go back to that car analogy leverage would be like attaching a jet booster to the back the car does work without it but we can make it go a lot faster and what I mean by this is there are some clever tricks to maximize retention outside of the traditional composing and editing some of these tricks will seem pretty weird but don't underestimate how effective they are the first one is called engagement baiting do something that urges people to comment for example an intentional mistake until this guy slides the watermelon through it or a really crazy moment people will want to point it out and you might not know this but your retention increases as people use the comment section try it for yourself go to a short and you'll notice that when you leave a comment the short keeps playing in the background so get people to leave comments and you'll see a massive increase in your retention another trick related to comments and this one is kind of underhanded but it works very well here's how you do it once you post your short switch YouTube accounts so that people don't know it's you then go to the Post you just made and leave a comment saying something like that ending was crazy or I didn't expect the ending most people check the comments before even watching the short so they'll see that and wait until the end because you've made them curious about what happens the funny thing about this one is a lot of shorts creators use this without you knowing it next time you check the comments on a short and see one like that just know it might actually be the Creator in Disguise the third one is very simple but it's also very effective go to one of your shorts and find the related video section click it and link one of your other shorts a lot of people will click this link and since they're already in invested in your content they're more likely to watch for longer now I have a lot more leverage tips to share so I've linked them in the description for completely free check those out if you're interested hopefully you got a lot of value from this video subscribe if you did and I'll talk to you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CLIPMONGOLD [1 likes]: For me, most of the time, every Short has an APV of over 60-70%, and recently it has started to exceed 100%. I hope something will work out for me. And whoever is reading this, I hope it will work out for you too! Good luck!
  2. @LiviLore.mp3 [1 likes]: Wishing all small YouTube creators the best — stay creative, never give up, and keep going! 🎥✨ Wishing you all lots of success! 💪🎉
  3. @Saoewim: Small creators, you can do this!😁
  4. @EpicZonesport: good luck to all of you❤
  5. @SalwaShalihah: Bagus videonya weyy salam dari indonesia
  6. @ezxchiel: get that bread
  7. @BrainYappp: Goodluck Guys Keep Stacking and yall get viral :)
  8. @Thawkmtb: Thanks for the good tips
  9. @TrueHorrorStories-K: Thanks!
  10. @Bruhnsma: Thanks alot
  11. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  12. @CLIPZ-s5e9w: ty bro
  13. @Redditiix: Thank you for the video! Good luck to small channels 🍀🍀
  14. @viralInsight07: ill try thiss
  15. @DrHighlightShorts: Retention is not only the thing i have been getting 90+ retentiom and sometimes 100+ yet i couldnt break the 30k view jail as i dont get more comments and likes.😢
  16. @Plushroom64: good luck for everyone here!
  17. @ParvAgrawall: I thought i will perform better in youtube but my retention % going down like my grades % D:
  18. @idrish98: I got a 90+ retention and 85+ retention still stuck at 2/3k views huh
  19. @Fuh.clipzz: Soon bro soon bro
  20. @priscdreams: I'd love here opinions about my creations ✨

- How I Actually Make Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en My shorts channel has over 20 million views&nbsp; and many viral videos. But my recent shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; aren’t really doing well. Most of them stuck&nbsp; after getting that first few thousand views,&nbsp;&nbsp; again, and again, and again. I need&nbsp; to break this cycle. So in this video,&nbsp;&nbsp; I will try to create a short&nbsp; completely from scratch,&nbsp;&nbsp; get at least 1 million views, and show how&nbsp; much money I made from it. Let’s dive in! - What day is it? + It’s 7 august 2023 - We need to find Isaac… At the end of this video, you will have a&nbsp; viral strategy to use in your next shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; and a full guide on how to make it no matter your&nbsp; niche, or experience. It’s not one of those “use&nbsp;&nbsp; chatgpt and canva to make 300 videos in 30&nbsp; minutes”, or “use this website to make clips&nbsp;&nbsp; from interviews” kind of tutorial. I tried all&nbsp; of them, and trust me, they don’t work. AT ALL!&nbsp;&nbsp; You will end up getting 0 views after all the&nbsp; effort you put in. And even if you magically&nbsp;&nbsp; get 10 million views with those ai-generated&nbsp; shorts, you can’t monetize it anyways! Because&nbsp;&nbsp; youtube doesn’t monetize repetitive content.&nbsp; And well, posting 300 mass-produced videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; is repetitive as jeff! Back to the video. So do&nbsp; not expect a copy paste tutorial here. You need&nbsp;&nbsp; to put in the work and learn how to make a viral&nbsp; short. We will go from finding the video idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; to writing the script, voiceover, editing,&nbsp; captions, music, sound effects, and... BUT FIRST, we need a new strategy… This is my shorts channel. Where I make&nbsp; videos about Marvel movies. And this is&nbsp;&nbsp; the viral recipe I’ve been using&nbsp; to make my shorts. It’s basically&nbsp;&nbsp; a list of patterns that I saw in my&nbsp; high-performing videos. Even though&nbsp;&nbsp; it helped me get some viral shorts&nbsp; before, it’s not as effective anymore. You know what Einstein says? “Insanity,&nbsp;&nbsp; is doing the same thing over and over&nbsp; again, and expecting different results”. And I’m not insane… Yet. So we need an update. I’m gonna do&nbsp; some research to find out what works on the&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts right now. I’ll be back soon. So, after 3&nbsp; hours of serious research, here’s the new spell. Now, let’s get to work. This was the first mistake I was making in my&nbsp; old videos. And if you can’t make a viral short,&nbsp;&nbsp; that’s probably what you’re missing&nbsp; as well. If you have a bad video idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can’t make it go viral no matter how&nbsp; good you write your script or edit. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; how to pick a killer video idea? Just look&nbsp; out for trends in your niche. Or even better,&nbsp;&nbsp; implement a trend into your niche. Of course,&nbsp; taking an old topic and adding your spice may&nbsp;&nbsp; work as well. But we’re trying to increase our&nbsp; chances to the max. A short about a new Marvel&nbsp;&nbsp; movie has a higher chance of going viral than&nbsp; an interview with the Spiderman actor published&nbsp;&nbsp; six years ago. So, I’m gonna look to Google Trends&nbsp; for a new movie that fans are excited about. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don’t even need to look there, because I’m a fan&nbsp; myself. I know Loki Season 2 has a new trailer.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s the advantage of being a part of your&nbsp; audience. If you’re passionate about your niche,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know what’s trending. Wait!&nbsp; You know this guy? He’s the guy from&nbsp;&nbsp; that movie (Everything Everywhere All At&nbsp; Once). I saw his speech at the Oscars. Mom, I just won an Oscar! Very emotional... Anyways, we got the video idea! Now, when it comes to scripting a short, I&nbsp; always thought I should keep my scripts as&nbsp;&nbsp; short as possible. Like a boxer punching&nbsp; his opponent and stepping back. Because&nbsp;&nbsp; if everything stays the same, which video will&nbsp; get more views? The one with a higher retention,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? But here’s the catch. Even if it&nbsp; has a higher retention, YouTube is more&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to promote the longer one, at least in&nbsp; my experience. I don’t really know the reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it’s probably because it keeps the viewer&nbsp; longer in the platform. And if they take retention&nbsp;&nbsp; as the main metric, people would just upload&nbsp; 1-second videos to get 1000% retention and go&nbsp;&nbsp; viral. Which is not what YouTube wants. Plus,&nbsp; YouTube shows longer shorts on the home page,&nbsp;&nbsp; where people are less likely to skip. Fun&nbsp; fact, my most viewed short got 70% of its&nbsp;&nbsp; views from the home page. Alright, here’s the&nbsp; actual data by this legend (Nate Black) that&nbsp;&nbsp; shows the duration of viral shorts. What I’m&nbsp; trying to say is, make your shorts longer. Take&nbsp;&nbsp; time to dive deeper into the details and&nbsp; make it at least this long (half a page). Another thing that will definitely help,&nbsp; is a strong hook, to make them curious,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stop scrolling. For example: In Loki season 2, we saw this guy as a TVA worker The point here is, Loki season 2 isn’t&nbsp; released yet. So that would make viewers like,&nbsp;&nbsp; “Dude, you gave me heartattack! I&nbsp; thought Loki Season 2 got released” That’s exactly the reaction we&nbsp; want to get with the hook. Okay,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe that was too specific, and may not&nbsp; work for every niche. Here’s another one. Tom Holland knows more than you think (Jumpscare) Did you see what happened there? The first line&nbsp; made the viewer wonder, what does he know? And&nbsp;&nbsp; the jumpscare made them laugh. So they probably&nbsp; stayed till the end. Otherwise, (jumpscare). If you didn’t catch it, we’re making&nbsp; a video about the story of this actor,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ke Huy Quan. Which is a story by itself. But even&nbsp; though it’s less than a minute, adding some kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of story to your shorts makes people watch to&nbsp; learn what happens at the end. I’m too lazy&nbsp;&nbsp; to do the research, so I’ll ask Bing to write me&nbsp; the whole career of our guy. AI automation, huh? After taking useful parts and putting in&nbsp; a story, here’s the next point. Hearing&nbsp;&nbsp; the story from only one person is okay, but&nbsp; we can take it to the next level by adding&nbsp;&nbsp; another speaker. Get footage of someone&nbsp; else to tell some parts of the story,&nbsp;&nbsp; or just add memes. Remember the Oscar&nbsp; speech? I’m gonna use it for my short. I just won an Oscar! Still, very emotional Which leads us to the next key. Adding&nbsp; some kind of emotion. It can be laughter,&nbsp;&nbsp; fear, motivation, happiness or&nbsp; any emotion you can think of. Don't question my sense of humor. Now you have two options. If you have a sexy&nbsp; voice, just take a microphone and read through&nbsp;&nbsp; your script. But I guess most of you are&nbsp; interested in the second option. Using, AI. Alright, there are tons of text-to-speech&nbsp; tools out there. But the one I use is called,&nbsp;&nbsp; Elevenlabs. In fact, the voice you’re listening&nbsp; to right now, is made by this thing. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a link in the description if you wanna check it&nbsp; out. Now all you need to do, is choose a voice,&nbsp;&nbsp; or generate a custom one, and paste&nbsp; your script to generate the voiceover. In Loki Season 2, we saw this guy as a TVA worker. It’s fine, but we can take it to the next level.&nbsp; Use commas, exclamation marks, and capital letters&nbsp;&nbsp; to get different tones. And generating it a&nbsp; few times also helps to get the best result. I will show this part in Premiere Pro, but you&nbsp; can do the same in every editing software. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure we’re on the same&nbsp; page, drag the windows around,&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a similar setup. It should look like this&nbsp; at the end. Or use whatever setup works for you. Take the voiceover you generated&nbsp; and import it to your project,&nbsp;&nbsp; then drag it to the timeline. Take the razor tool&nbsp; and cut all the pauses. Now, overlap the clips to&nbsp;&nbsp; get a faster pacing. Listen to see if it’s natural&nbsp; or not. And repeat this for the whole voiceover. Nice job! Now, we need footage to add on top. For videos,&nbsp; go to YouTube, search for things related to your&nbsp;&nbsp; topic, and download them with a random website.&nbsp; If you need more stock videos and images,&nbsp;&nbsp; use Pexels. Then, take all that footage&nbsp; and import to premiere. Cover all your&nbsp;&nbsp; voiceover with related clips. Don’t forget&nbsp; to add 1 or 2 interaction clips to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; the viewers engaged. Look at that! You&nbsp; just made a rough cut for your video. Now the fun part begins. First, resize&nbsp; all your clips to fit the screen. Use&nbsp;&nbsp; keyframes to add zoom-ins, zoom-outs, and&nbsp; camera movements. To make them smoother,&nbsp;&nbsp; click this button, click a keyframe, and drag&nbsp; these handles closer to each other. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes the movement start slowly, go faster,&nbsp; and then slow down again. Looks better. This guy says adding some graphics like&nbsp; circles and arrows increases the engagement And actually the short I create in the&nbsp; video now has over 38 million views. Wow. So I added a bunch of things here and there,&nbsp; and used keyframes again to track points. You can’t find a single short without this one.&nbsp; It’s a magical element that is stupidly simple,&nbsp;&nbsp; yet increases the retention so much. This&nbsp; part is based on personal preference and&nbsp;&nbsp; branding of your channel. But to give you a&nbsp; reference, I use yellow text on a black box,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2 sizes. One small, for regular captions,&nbsp; and one big, for highlighting important points.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are the settings that I use if you want&nbsp; to replicate a similar style. But as I said,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s nice to make a custom one for yourself.&nbsp; That way people can immediately recognize it’s&nbsp;&nbsp; your video, and stop scrolling. That’s not the&nbsp; case if you’re using an automatic caption app or&nbsp;&nbsp; something. Because everyone else is using it too.&nbsp; That doesn’t make your channel SPECIAL, does it?&nbsp;&nbsp; So play around, make different variations, sizes,&nbsp; colors, and once you’re happy with the look,&nbsp;&nbsp; choose all the effects, and make a preset&nbsp; for each style to use it next time. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; hold alt, drag it for each new text, and change&nbsp; the words. Done! But something is still missing… Sound effects is a different video topic by&nbsp; itself, but if you have never used them before,&nbsp;&nbsp; and don’t know where to start, a free pack from&nbsp; youtube would do the job. If you need more,&nbsp;&nbsp; search on YouTube, like tension sound&nbsp; effect. Whoosh sound effect. Cinematic&nbsp;&nbsp; sound effect. Laugh sound effect. You got&nbsp; the point. Once you added enough of those,&nbsp;&nbsp; and adjusted the volume, the&nbsp; final touch is, adding some music. Using a trending song would be a nice&nbsp; choice, but I like to go through the&nbsp;&nbsp; songs I personally listen to, and choose&nbsp; the one that fits in the video. Just be&nbsp;&nbsp; careful and don’t make it too loud.&nbsp; Otherwise, you may get comments like It looks too dark and pale. The solution is&nbsp; creating an adjustment layer. It basically affects&nbsp;&nbsp; everything underneath. To play with the colors&nbsp; of the whole video, cover the entire timeline,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the effects panel, and search for lumetri&nbsp; color. Drag it to the adjustment layer. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; make it BRIGHT AND COLORFUL! Maybe not that much.&nbsp; Increase the exposure if it’s too dark, give a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of saturation, contrast, and play around to find&nbsp; what works for you. Just don’t get too extreme.&nbsp;&nbsp; Before finishing, I like to add this light&nbsp; effect on top of everything. I don’t know why Finally, we can export the final video It’s been 24 hours since I&nbsp; released the short. And it got… 5000 views. What? All that effort was for this? 5000 views?!&nbsp; People are right. It’s just luck. There’s&nbsp;&nbsp; no formula for success in shorts. Maybe&nbsp; I should’ve chosen a better topic. The&nbsp;&nbsp; editing wasn’t good enough. Why would&nbsp; anyone even watch this piece of sheet?! The goal was to reach a million&nbsp; views. And now we’re here… - Having a bad day? + Yeah… I was just... - I know… Don’t be sad, mate.&nbsp; It’s been only 24 hours. + Hey dow'd you know m... - Rome wasn’t built in a day. Look at your old&nbsp; videos. Which one went viral on the first day? + None of them - None of them… Just give it a bit&nbsp; more time before losing your hope. + Yeah, you’re right. - And don’t just sit and wait there&nbsp; for the result. Putting all your hope&nbsp;&nbsp; on a single video, is insanity.&nbsp; And oh you’re not insane. Right? + Einstein? - Yeah, but that's not the point.&nbsp; Look, you’ve got a solid formula.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep making more videos. You’ll&nbsp; improve your skills with each one. + Okay. I don’t know who you are, but&nbsp; thanks man. I needed to hear that. - You’re welcome, my man… Remember,&nbsp; it’s a journey. Not a destination It’s been 30 days since I published&nbsp; that short. And while waiting,&nbsp;&nbsp; I made 5 more videos with the same&nbsp; formula. So, did it get 1 million views? No, it didn’t… BECAUSE IT GOT 2 MILLION!!&nbsp; After all that research, scripting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and editing, the formula actually&nbsp; worked! But that’s not all. Remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; what I said about choosing trendy topics? A short about a new Marvel movie has&nbsp; a higher chance of going viral than&nbsp;&nbsp; an interview with the Spiderman&nbsp; actor published six years ago Well, I was wrong. I made a short&nbsp; about that interview. And it got 7&nbsp;&nbsp; million views! It’s now the highest-viewed&nbsp; video on the entire channel. So we got 10&nbsp;&nbsp; million views in less than a month.&nbsp; Earned 5 times more revenue than&nbsp;&nbsp; the channel’s entire history, and&nbsp; brought the channel back on track. So here’s the recipe and everything I used,&nbsp;&nbsp; packed in a single video. Just adjust them&nbsp; for your niche, and make your own list. However… The last short I published&nbsp; was one month ago. Views are going&nbsp;&nbsp; down again. The channel is losing&nbsp; traction. I need to break this cycle. But I guess, this time I'm not alone. So, let’s do it one last time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Look-Beyond-01: I just began a few days ago posting shorts about travel, nature and iconic places 
Please be free to watch them 🤗
And feel free as well to recommend your channel 🤜
  2. @haydert-e9s: Good advice fr
  3. @vivik-20: Oh god! It's my first time watching your videos. I have watched 2 videos and they are just amazing 🫡 Master of " quality over quantity " 👍
  4. @Dahooperseditz: Deserved my follow actually worked
  5. @ShortShorts150: i appreciate you
  6. @ImRunningOnJava: the editing style on this was actually addictive ngl 😭 every few seconds something new was happening so my attention span stayed locked in the whole time
  7. @Spenditorloseit: I'll just keep on making videos till it virals 😂. Not expecting anything
  8. @ToonWars17: Hey Isaac, make a video on how to come up with good ideas.
  9. @Liilreseshorts: Subscribe for more
  10. @StudioSPL1: i will go viral on my new channel!
  11. @ItsjustMEykidk: peak
  12. @VeloxityMotivation: why was this video a actual masterpiece
  13. @SmartPerspective-DB: This is course for someone in primary school, i expected some advices, you made a video of how to use editing software.. point is just find actual theme steal videos and thats it you will go viral, if you have guts for it. If you don’t, like me, you will struggle and try to create something interesting.
  14. @ledesrax6998: i really really love your video
  15. @cedricfoyet-kfinance: Amazing one🫡

Thank you for the narrative. It’s so real and motivating!
  16. @thenarrque: how about jails
  17. @UNTAPEDSOUND: you only got 74isch shorts on zio ?
  18. @Leredita-kitchen: Clean look
  19. @Leredita-kitchen: Podium finish
  20. @Boring-Cash: some good stuff right here !!

- 0 Views on YouTube? Here’s the Real Reason: Kind: captions Language: en-US Your video didn’t get zero views by accident YouTube tested it…and decided to stop showing it And today I will show you exactly why Every video goes through five stages If you fail even one…your reach collapses Today, I’ll walk you through all five Step 1: The Test The moment you upload, YouTube runs a small experiment It doesn’t show your video to everyone It shows it to a small group Step 2: The Click Now comes the first judgment Do people click? If they scroll past…the system assumes it’s not interesting Step 3: The Hook But clicks aren’t enough If they leave in the first 10 seconds… The algorithm thinks the video disappointed them Step 4: The Signal If viewers stay longer… YouTube reads positive signals Watch time. Engagement. Satisfaction. Step 5: The Expansion If all previous stages succeed… The algorithm expands distribution New audiences. Home page. Suggested feed Now: The Momentum Payoff So how do you survive all five stages? Pick topics people are already searching for Create curiosity in your title and thumbnail Start with tension. No slow intros Cut dead space. Keep visuals moving Consistency builds trust with the system Hence, the algorithm isn’t your enemy It’s just measuring behavior Master the five stages and zero views disappears And if you wanna learn how AI generates stuff then watch this...

- How Small Creators Win YouTube's NEW Algorithm: Kind: captions Language: en If you're getting 100 views on a video you spent 20 hours creating while watching other creators blow up with content that seems thrown together, this video will finally explain what's actually happening. The YouTube algorithm has fundamentally changed and most creators are still playing by 2022 rules in a 202526 game. I'm going to show you exactly what's different and give you the new framework that's actually working for small creators who are building real momentum right now. In this video, you'll learn why your current YouTube strategy is fighting an uphill battle. how the algorithm actually treats small channels in 2025 and the new framework that's helping creators build real momentum despite increased competition. By the end, you'll understand exactly how to position yourself as the algorithm's favorite type of small creator, the one it promotes consistently instead of randomly. Also, just real quick, I want to let you know that I've just launched my 12-week program that walks you through everything we're covering today and more. The links in the description if you want to check it out. I'll also talk about it more after I've given you some value. Here's what most creators don't realize. Much of the advice you're following is based on what worked years ago when YouTube was a completely different platform. That advice might have been perfect at the time, but it's from a snapshot of the past. The context has changed completely. Search on YouTube is basically dead now. Not completely useless, but it used to be about 30% of how people found videos. And now it's hardly 5%. Your priorities need to shift completely. You don't get views anymore by hoping someone searches for your exact topic. You get views by having your video magically show up in front of someone's face while they're browsing for something to watch. Think about your own behavior. When's the last time that you actually search for something on YouTube? Most of your watching happens from your homepage, your subscription feed, or the suggested videos next to what you're already watching. That's where the game is played. Now, let me put this into perspective for you. When your video shows up in someone's suggested feed or homepage, you're sitting right next to all of their favorite creators, people they've been watching for years. channels with millions of subscribers, professional production teams, and you have to be the better choice for them. Your thumbnail has to stop somewhat midscroll better than some polished thumbnail from a million subscriber channel right next to it. Your title has to create more curiosity than the creator they've loved for 5 years. That's the game now. But here's what's making it even harder. AI is flooding every niche with content at an alarming rate. The amount of content on this platform is going to triple in the next 5 years. If you're still doing tutorials or just sharing information, you're being replaced. Right now, I can pull out my phone, talk it to it like it's a friend, and get a solution specific to my exact situation at 4 in the morning. Knowledge isn't scarce anymore. Information isn't valuable just because it exists. So, how do you stand out when knowledge isn't scarce anymore? That's what we need to figure out. Here's what's actually happening with your videos, and this might explain everything you've been experiencing. The algorithm is struggling to keep up. With all of this new content flooding the platform, it can't pay attention to every single video you upload. Here's a pattern I'm seeing with small channels. The algorithm can't watch all your videos, so it runs experiments. Every once in a while, you'll get way more impressions than normal. Maybe your video that usually gets 50 views suddenly gets 500 or a thousand. And then things flatline again. This isn't random. This is the algorithm that just ran an experiment on your content. It's learning what it can from that test, but then it runs away for a while to process that data. Sometime later, maybe three or four videos later, it shows back up to try again. Last time it gave you 1,000 impressions, maybe this time it tries 2,000. But here's the critical part. When it comes back, it needs to see the same pattern. If your first video was about gaming and the next one it tests is about cooking, it gets confused. It doesn't know what to do with you. This is why consistency matters more than ever. Not just upload consistency, but content consistency. Each time the algorithm shows up to run an experiment, you need to be building on what it learned from the last video. If you don't, then it's starting over each time. You'll never build momentum. Your goal is to train the algorithm on exactly who your content is for. Speaking of training the algorithm, if you could take a moment to hit the like button for me, it'll help train the algorithm to find more people like you. Thanks. Now that you understand how the algorithm treats small channels, let's talk about what it actually cares about. The algorithm prioritizes retention over almost everything else. Now, look at how YouTube's new AB testing works. It's based on retention, not click-through rate. But to send all the right signals to the algorithm, you need people to make it to the end of your video. So, let's reverse engineer how that happens. Everything starts with your thumbnail. If your thumbnail doesn't stop someone in their tracks at a glance, they bounce. They never read your title. If your thumbnail catches their attention, but your title doesn't seal the deal and build a curiosity gap that they want filled, they bounce. If they commit to giving your video a chance, but your hook doesn't confirm that they'll get what they came for, they bounce within 30 seconds. If they make it past 30 seconds, but you don't start delivering on your promise, they bounce. It's a cascade. Each piece has to work well enough to get them to the next piece. This is my philosophy. You don't need each piece to be perfect. You just need each piece to be good enough that people don't immediately dismiss you as not belonging. Your thumbnail doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to not look like it was made by someone who doesn't understand YouTube. Your title doesn't need to be the most clever thing ever written. It just needs to create enough curiosity that someone thinks, "Okay, I'll give this a try." Your hook doesn't need to be incredibly polished. It just needs to confirm that yes, they're going to get exactly what you promised, maybe even more. Do this long enough with consistent content, and you'll build up enough momentum to reach what I call escape velocity. the algorithm will start to understand who you serve and promote you more regularly. By the way, if you're realizing that your retention needs work, but you don't know where to start, that's one of the core things that we're going to focus on in my 12week program. More details at the end, but there's still a link in the description. Now, let's talk about the reality of what this actually feels like. You're going to create videos that flop. You're going to spend 20 hours on something that gets 40 views while your throwaway video gets 400. Those algorithm experiments I had mentioned earlier, the waiting period between them can be weeks, sometimes months. And that's the hardest part, the waiting, not knowing if you're doing something wrong or if the other room just hasn't come back to test you again yet. I call this the valley of death, where you're not getting clear signals, if what you're doing is working. The key is using those waiting periods productively. Instead of constantly checking your analytics and driving yourself crazy, use the time to create more content and study what's working. Look at your failed videos systematically. Don't just dismiss them. What did you promise in the title and thumbnail? Did you deliver it in the first 30 seconds? Did you maintain that promise throughout? Most creators quit during the waiting periods. They think silence means failure. But silence might just mean that the algorithm is processing what it learned from your last experiment. So, how do you become the type of small creator that the algorithm actually promotes consistently instead of randomly? It comes down to three things working together. predictable audience, consistent value delivery, and retention optimization. First, predictable audience. The algorithm loves creators who serve the same type of person consistently. When it runs those experiments, it gets clear data. It knows exactly who to show your content to because you've trained it. Second, consistent value delivery. Not just uploading consistently, but delivering the same type of value each time. Whether that's entertainment, education, or inspiration, pick one and own it. The algorithm needs to categorize you clearly. Third, retention optimization. Clicks are important. They're the first piece of the chain. But don't forget, they're part of a bigger puzzle. The algorithm doesn't just want people to click. It wants them to stay on the platform. If your video keeps people watching YouTube longer, you become valuable to them. Here's a framework small successful creators are using. They pick one specific type of person and solve one specific type of problem and optimize every piece of content for maximum completion rate. When you do this consistently for 20 or 30 videos, something magical happens. The algorithm stops seeing you as a random experiment. It starts seeing you as a reliable source of engagement for a specific audience. That's when you reach escape velocity. That's when the random spikes become consistent growth. The framework I've given you today isn't about gaming the system. It's about working with how the system actually operates in 2025. Consistent content for consistent audiences optimized for retention with realistic expectations about timing. Okay, I mentioned my 12-week program earlier and I want to tell you about it because it directly addresses everything we've just discussed. This is a complete system covering strategy, tactics, and mindset through weekly sessions. We dive into everything from thumbnails to retention psychology, everything you need to stop spinning your wheels and start seeing real growth. You get direct access to me and our private community for the full 12 weeks. I'm spending all of my free time in that community answering questions, giving feedback on your thumbnails, reviewing analytics, and helping you troubleshoot roadblocks in real time. Plus, guaranteed office hours every Thursday and Sunday, at least 90 minutes each time, where I'm live and available, and you can get immediate feedback instead of spending months trying to figure out why your retention drops at the 2-minute mark. Your chance to join ends September 18th, which means if you're watching this when it first comes out, you only have a little time left to decide. I made the website myself, and you can find all the details there. The investment is $1,750 USD and you can split that into payments if that works better for you. Link in the description. You'll give me your email. I'll send you a link for a quick video chat so I can meet you and then make sure that we're a good fit and then we get started. But you need to act fast if this sounds like something that you want to do. We've just explored how YouTube's new algorithm works and the framework you need to succeed with it. But here's the brutal truth. You're still going to fail sometimes. Your next video might flop and then the one after that might too. The difference between creators who make it and those who quit isn't talent or luck. It's one specific skill. Click on this video next where I reveal the only skill you actually need to succeed on YouTube so you can build the mental resilience that separates winners from quitters in this game. The game has changed. That doesn't mean you can't win. You just need to understand the new rules and play accordingly. I'll see you in that video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @davejeltema3 [155 likes]: Thanks you to everyone who's taken the time to comment and like the video, it means the world to me :)

P.S. If you want to me in your corner for the rest of the year consider my program: https://davejeltema.com/boundless-creator-program/ 🌱
  2. @GraphitePsychology [1 likes]: that's clear and concise
  3. @AveMariaASMR [1 likes]: For anyone reading this, hopefully your channel grows 100x more 🎉
  4. @FactFilesWorldEdition-h1r: Thanks for the advice
  5. @Strangehours01: I just started my channel this weekend.
  6. @MarciLLyTV: The 'packaging over production' reframe is what unlocks growth for most small channels. You can outperform creators with better gear, bigger budgets, and more subscribers if your thumbnail and title hits a question the algorithm is already surfacing to your target audience. The first click is earned before anyone watches a single second — that's the game.
  7. @RandomFacts-x99: I started a week ago and already have 9 subs. Don’t give up, guys let’s grow together! 🚀
  8. @joycebarnett_realestate: You know so much about this 😮 you have given good info  here
  9. @prm4uofficial: The point about satisfaction signals mattering more than raw views really reframes how small creators should think about "winning" — it's not about going viral, it's about making the 200 people who do watch actually care enough to like or share. One thing I'd add: early comment engagement in that first hour after publishing seems to be a massively underrated factor in whether YouTube pushes you to Browse, so replying to every single comment immediately might matter more than the thumbnail. Do you think that engagement velocity window is shrinking as more creators catch on to it?
  10. @pookie_mamma1998: I’ve been monetized for five years and I gained 4 million channel views with 11,000 subscribers until recently four days ago. One of my shorts is currently at 4 million views and now I’m at 18,000 subscribers. I never use thumbnails or anything like that I always just upload my old home videos that I think are funny. I don’t know what I should be doing next.
  11. @DaveDelivery: I'm a small creator I want to win the algorithm, just kidding I want subscribers more, I think.
  12. @shecan369: I started the same year as mr beast. I'm at 134 subs 😂😂😂😂
  13. @kidscartoonrhymes-m6t: Hey small creators, we're not gonna give up! Right? I've also just started 🎉
  14. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: The point about focusing on serving a specific audience rather than chasing views is so underrated. I've noticed that creators who stay consistent with their niche tend to build stronger communities over time. Great breakdown of how the algorithm actually works for smaller channels.
  15. @PuppyFy1991: Support Needed 🫶
  16. @kelciexo: New channel here!
  17. @Phantom2fast: I’m a new Roblox creator new creators down here👇
  18. @robke33331: My YouTube I try to grow faster
  19. @Codigo-e-Sabedoria: This really shifted my perspective on YouTube growth. The point about the algorithm prioritizing audience discovery over traditional search is spot on. I've been so focused on SEO and keywords, but it's clear the game has changed. Time to focus more on creating hooks that grab attention in those first few seconds.
  20. @OmegaObligation: Add a comment or @mention...

- Why LeetCode easy feels HARD (DSA motivation): Kind: captions Language: en not everyone starts solving leak code in god mode if leak code easy feels really hard for you this video will help I was once like you a budding lead codist with aspirations to get a good job and maybe even one at Fang but there was just one small problem I was really bad at least code I mean even the easiest problems were super hard for me I just couldn't for the life of me get the submissions to pass of course I could get a few test cases to pass here and there but not the whole truckload and not consistently if this is you keep watching how is it possible for leak code easy to be hard the short answer is because you don't know what you're doing you lack knowledge experience and practice the long answer is because leak code easy is actually hard for people who haven't trained and specifically learned the required knowledge and techniques needed to solve the questions just like any new skill this can be learned just like a muscle it can be exercised and strengthened the big question is how are you training how is your diet how's your sleep do you expect overnight results let's break it down number one knowledge there is a required amount of knowledge you need to learn to solve League code questions let's take binary search for example if you have an array problem with sorted numbers that you need to quickly find something in you probably need binary search to solve this you need to spot those hints in the problem description you also need to know how arrays work you also need to understand how to implement binary search on an array check left half first then check right half and keep dividing your search until you either find the item or you don't and exit this requires at least a basic understanding of time complexity specifically o of n versus o of login arrays search algorithms and time complexity are not easy Topics by themselves but if you're new to any of these this easy problem will probably even feel hard solution learn what you need to solve a problem before trying to solve it number two techniques then there is techniques one way to solve a specific kind of array problem is to sort it first and then to solve it this requires knowledge of time complexity and sorting algorithms specifically but it also requires technique knowledge that this type of problem can be solved with the so sort then solve technique another type of array problem can be solved with something called the two pointer method you start a pointer at the beginning of an array and you start another pointer at the end of array or you start both pointers at the beginning of the array and they have slightly different logic to determine how they help solve the problem in question solution start learning the different types of techniques for each problem category number three practice it's completely normal to think something is hard if you haven't practiced that thing enough times the solution do it practice over and over again but make sure you practice correctly I recommend using a method called deliberate practice it goes something like this do a thing get feedback on that thing from a pro or at least someone a little bit further along than you are adjust your methodology do that thing again then repeat if you apply these principles of knowledge technique and practice you will eventually conquer your greatest fear [Music] use a tool like blind 75 or neat code.io to help you get started I also have other videos if you're interested check them out on my channel if you'd be interested in a video on time complexity and basic data structure Concepts let me know in the comments and also if you find this content helpful please consider subscribing and sharing it with someone you think might benefit as well it means a lot to me and I really enjoy helping people get to the next level as always I'll leave some helpful links in the description and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @HumairaMaqbool-t2l [47 likes]: Experiencing difficulty with LeetCode's easy problems, especially in the domain of Data Structures and Algorithms (DSA), is a common challenge that many developers face. It's essential to recognize that this difficulty is entirely normal, and it happens to almost everyone, especially when they are just starting with DSA practice. Here are some reasons why LeetCode easy problems might feel hard and some motivation to keep going:

New Concepts: DSA introduces new concepts and techniques that might be unfamiliar to you, even if you have experience with programming. Understanding these concepts and applying them to problem-solving can take time and practice.

Algorithmic Thinking: DSA requires a different way of thinking, known as algorithmic thinking. It involves breaking down problems into smaller, solvable steps and designing efficient algorithms. This skill takes time to develop.

Problem-Solving Skills: Problem-solving is a skill that improves with practice. LeetCode problems, even the easy ones, are carefully designed to challenge your problem-solving abilities and encourage you to think critically.

Practice Makes Perfect: Consistent practice is key to mastering DSA. The more problems you solve, the more you'll become comfortable with various patterns and techniques used in problem-solving.

Time Pressure: In coding interviews or timed practice sessions, there's often a time constraint to solve problems. This can add extra pressure and make easy problems feel harder than they actually are. Focus on understanding the concepts and patterns first, then work on speed.

Building Mental Models: DSA involves building mental models of data structures and algorithms. This mental visualization becomes easier with repeated exposure and practice.

Learning Curve: Like any new skill, there is a learning curve. It's okay to feel challenged at the beginning. Don't get discouraged; stay persistent, and you'll see improvement over time.

Motivation and Tips:
Start Small: Begin with the fundamentals. Focus on understanding basic data structures like arrays, linked lists, and basic algorithms like sorting and searching.

Step-by-Step Approach: Break down problems into smaller sub-problems and tackle them one by one. Try to identify patterns and common techniques used in problem-solving.

Learning Resources: Utilize online tutorials, DSA courses, and interactive coding platforms to reinforce your understanding of concepts and techniques.

Community Support: Engage with coding communities or study groups to discuss problems, share insights, and learn from others' experiences.

Celebrate Small Wins: Celebrate every success, even if it's solving a seemingly easy problem. Acknowledge your progress and use it as motivation to keep going.

Be Patient: Rome wasn't built in a day, and mastering DSA takes time. Be patient with yourself and maintain a growth mindset. Every challenge you face is an opportunity to learn and improve.

Remember, every developer, no matter their level of expertise, has faced challenges with DSA at some point. Keep practicing regularly, stay motivated, and you'll see significant improvement over time. Happy coding!
  2. @technicallychallenged [16 likes]: Let me know if you’ve ever felt this way, and where you’re at in the study process!
  3. @abed9134 [8 likes]: Even when I finished dsa, i still can't solve easy problems, so what i am doing is watch the solution, understand the idea or the technique that is used and then add it to my knowledge bag, there are easy and medium even if i stared my hole at it i would never figure out the solution, is there anything wrong with my technique that I should avoid or advice you can give me?
  4. @altaccount648 [6 likes]: Am I the only one just too lazy to do leetcode consistently?
  5. @omega4959 [3 likes]: why leetcode hard feels easy
  6. @m.a.rehmannaseer4334 [3 likes]: such a mind proactive one!
thanks for just spilling the truth out der man!!
  7. @kmunson007 [2 likes]: Fantastic - I love the cadence of this video - no wasted time!
  8. @lillysk6254 [2 likes]: Hey , anyone interested to solve leetcode problems daily with me ? We will be discussing and sharing  each others approach  to some problem . Anyone interested to join ?
  9. @deepak5420 [2 likes]: Dear Technically Challenged Team,

I hope this message finds you well. My name is Deepak, and I am currently pursuing my 2nd year undergraduate studies in Computer Science and Business Systems in India. I recently came across your YouTube channel, "Technically Challenged," and I must say, I was thoroughly impressed by the content you create and the engaging community you've built, despite being a relatively new channel.

As a computer science student with a passion for content creation and video production, I believe that working with your team would be an invaluable opportunity for me to enhance my skills and gain practical experience in the field. 
I am confident that my technical knowledge and creativity can be put to good use in assisting your team in various aspects of video production. Whether it's helping with scripting, video editing, research, or any other tasks needed, I am eager to contribute my abilities to the success of Technically Challenged.

Being a part of this journey and helping your channel reach new heights would be an incredibly rewarding experience for me. I assure you of my dedication and willingness to learn and adapt to your team's needs. I look forward to the possibility of contributing to your channel's success and learning from your experienced team.

Please find my contact information below, and I would be delighted to provide any additional details you may require.

Sincerely,

Deepak Thati
Email: thatideepak@gmail.com
  10. @rishavdas6393 [2 likes]: cool name
  11. @ErlJohn-w4o [1 likes]: I tried solving problems I can't do and jump to AI for help. I trace and AI code and understand it. But I feel like im doing it wrong. :< 

I want to be able to solve a problem without any help but I struggle.
  12. @Jeetuni [1 likes]: So it’s totally valid after hours of banging my head against a wall to just have the solution explained to me?
  13. @altaccount648 [1 likes]: Whats a code and why is it leet?
  14. @abuelbayangan9273 [1 likes]: I am your 275th subscriber hahaha
  15. @cx777o: Thank you for this video, this definitely helped me a lot! :) just a dumb question: does it make sense for a beginner to learn coding only through leetcode exercises instead of doing projects? I feel like doing leetcode is less intimidating than actually building a project
  16. @thatdumbguy2800: I used to be like this, but right now the mediums are hard. Not hard, I'm not even able to find the approach for most leetcode mediums without looking at solutions. Any advice?
  17. @jshaikh3897: Hi,
I have 2 approaches , can someone please advise which is the best approach to be best prepared for product based sde interviews, especially FAANG ,in current market situation:

1) Start from scratch (arrays, linkedlist etc) , Read theory from geeksforgeeks, design algo, CTC books. practice leetcode,  Repeat again with timed practice, then Neetcode 150, Blind 75

2) directly jump into neetcode 150, Blind 75 ...repeatedly practice the same
  18. @pranjal0207: Helpful ❤️
  19. @anilvarma7930: I am your 497th subscriber 😅
  20. @karthik_k_2007: You earned a sub! :face-blue-smiling:

- K'NAAN - Wavin' Flag | World Cup Song: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you Give Me Freedom give me fire give me reasons when I get stronger they'll call me Freedom just like the windows give me reasons and it's around us every nation all around us stronger it's like a reason away going away foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @mahletdagne8434 [18 likes]: Who's here after arsenal won premier league🥳🥳
  2. @keithodonoghue3358 [17 likes]: The Arsenal squad brought me here. CHAMPIONS
  3. @aj.skat19 [1 likes]: After arsenal win the league🎉
  4. @summerryn8535: We are Arsenal fans
  5. @Grandgamer123: W world cup
  6. @abdulwalikhosty7140: This is my school proformins song and i like the song ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  7. @BoomPoy-x8g: Who is here after arsenal win 🏆 ❤
  8. @muflon-ps1vt: Me
  9. @born.legend0: Came here after hearing the ear pollution Lisa & Rema just dropped 👎👎
  10. @ayantuleta3057: 2026 🎉 ⚽️ 🙌
  11. @PrimeVelcryX: ah yes pandemic days peak era
  12. @soniasultana2214: Me
  13. @raheltesfamicheal2612: Me
  14. @OdayAmida: ilove this song
  15. @fadumohassan7868: This is my dad😢😢
  16. @fadumohassan7868: May
  17. @souravkushari4434: Joy East Bengal ❤️💛🏆🧿🧿🧿
  18. @neelopaladri7281: 🔥 fire
  19. @HaradhanRoy-v2y: The viving is just fire 😂😂😂
  20. @amitabhabasu9317: Soo Nice

- Offside in Soccer (Football) Rule in Under 2 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Many young players and parents often get confused with the offside rule in soccer. Here's a simple explanation under 2 minutes. There are some basic rules to understand first. Only the team with possession of the ball can be offside. So, the defending team cannot be called offside. And offside can only occur on the attacking side of the field. So, let's illustrate this. The red team has possession of the ball here, and they are attacking from left to right. This side of the field is their defending half. No player from the red team can be called offside on this side of the line. He or she can only be called offside on this attacking side of the field. So, what is offside then? Technically speaking, a player is in an offside position when an attacking player is nearer to the opponent's goal line than both the ball and the second-to-last opponent. So, in this case, as the red team is on attack, the goalkeeper is the first opponent, and this defender is the second. A real simple way to look at it is to draw an imaginary line across the field at the last defender, and any player beyond that line is offside. This player is offside. This player is not. Now, just being in an offside position is not an infraction. However, it is an infraction when the attacking player is in an offside position and is actively involved in the play. So, if the ball is played to him now, the referee stops play and awards a free kick to the defending team for the position of the foul. There's one additional scenario of an offside infraction. If the ball gets behind the defender, the ball becomes the offside line and cannot be played forward to an attacking teammate. You must stay behind the ball. Finally, there are three exceptions when offside is not called. On a goal kick, a throw-in, and a corner kick. I hope this clarified what the offside rule is in soccer. Have fun, and thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kamenridr4z1 [4 likes]: Even more confused
  2. @AshaesShahid [2 likes]: What if the 2nd last opponent deliberately choose to stay behind?
  3. @HariRieser [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  4. @louistudor1086 [1 likes]: The main reason why football fans dislike the offside rule because it’s making it a hard challenging for the players from scoring more goals and more goals being disallowed which can be very frustrating and annoying to giving the players a hard time and less freedom and limited scoring goals
  5. @Kabirkhan-j5x8y [1 likes]: Bro I saw a short someone sent this exact video to mbappe after his 8 offsides in one game against Barcelona😂😂😂😂
  6. @Ara-Em: Its a stupid rule
  7. @juicearth999: Why is this a thing tho
  8. @ifchiken: I kept getting this foul in Backyard Soccer and didn’t know how, thank you!
  9. @khanakkk60: Bhyi when the match is ongoing then this offside rule is of no use It'll be difficult to Focus that the player had actually in the offside area
  10. @Phantom11team: finally tysm
  11. @forestemjoyer5: wtf is soccer?
  12. @ConquerorCat: I’m here to learn offsides better after having taken a break from being an AR for a year, then look in the comments to see clarifications. I did not expect to find half of it about Speed getting offsides and the Argentina-Saudi match (both three years ago)
  13. @ChatGPT-z4u: IT'S FOOTBALL NOT SOCCER!!!
  14. @GazN-u9u: Great explanation! Thank you!
  15. @NinjaGo_Kai298: Then when Ronaldo passed to jao felix and there were no defenders near only gk wasn't that offside because they created a new gameplay
  16. @trackingcalin1988: If the midfielder passes to an attacker who is offside but the defender deflects the ball to the opponents, is it offside?
  17. @michelled5102: I suppose I understand, but why is it not allowed?
  18. @blueturtlekhun: Ted Lasso brought me here
  19. @captainfalconmain6576: Offsides if you play fifa you knows it’s too easy to score goals if offsides are off
  20. @kuuttiperkio2262: thanks

- Maine's failed attempt at flag change #shorts: Kind: captions Language: en so i've done a bunch of videos talking about america's big fad of flag changing but it's worth remembering that not all of these stories end the same way take the state of maine this is their current flag which has been controversial for a while because it conforms to the so-called seal on a bed sheet style that a lot of people don't like because it is so common among states accordingly there has long been a movement in maine to bring back their old state flag which is more distinctive but also more boring with less symbolism and last week the main legislature voted 91-57 to keep the current flag rather than go back to the old one this is actually the second time in three years that they have voted down a flag changing proposal so the issue is presumably dead now there is sort of a paradox in these bed sheet flag debates if only one state had a bed sheet flag we would probably think it was fine it is only considered bad because so many states have them but one of the arguments of the main people was why should we change some state we'll get to have the last one why can't it be us

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshualieblein5223 [173 likes]: Where’s all the seal on a SPREADSHEET flags
  2. @Abu_ATC [3 likes]: I'm from Maine, I don't think I've ever seen a house fly the legitimate flag lol. It's always the old flag, which imo looks a lot more like Maine for some reason. Not to mention the patriotic pain it was to draw as a kid every time we talked abt our state in class!
  3. @DawsonPrimeEdits [2 likes]: I came back to this after the design contest was announced by the Maine Secretary of State
  4. @zacharymorin5696 [2 likes]: It’s interesting coming back to this because it’s not a dead issue and is once again being decided on. The difference this time is that the old flag has become increasingly popular among citizens and is flown quite often around the state and used in merch and souvenirs, so I think it has an extremely high chance of getting passed this time around
  5. @johnmillis5159 [2 likes]: There doing it again hahahahah
  6. @aaronj_girv [1 likes]: I recently went on a vacation to Maine and there was so much merchandise with the 1901 flag on it, also so a lot of those flags flying outside the tourist shops.
  7. @LG123ABC [1 likes]: Good for Maine!  Let the snowflakes melt!
  8. @magicalwizard99 [1 likes]: Its time for a Maine flag redesign: have a picture of Stephen King, throw on a lobster and call it a day
  9. @Michaelbos: Good, leave it alone.
  10. @philneville5471: Maine 🤦🏻‍♂️
🌟🌲
  11. @dylanlake7: I love Maine!
  12. @EnkaMexi: Maine will vote on this in November 2023, keeping the current blue flag or the old one with lone pine and star....... and i really do hope the vote to keep the current blue flag
  13. @fernsong8558: It is closer now more than ever!
  14. @meh23p: That’s a pretty bad argument. Most of them don’t look that good either way. In fact, I would argue that the symbolic sameness between them make them look BETTER.
  15. @OrechTV: Wow. ... after the video I was like "right, .. yeah, you have a point ... It will be cool if you just kept it forever just to be different in unique in .. SOBs
  16. @BRKShepherds: I live in Maine and the flag is fine as it is.   That other flag is just stupid. There are way too many insane changes happening in this country and it'd be nice if our state sticks together to say we don't want to live in your clown world, us Mainers like our ways, Maine The Way Life Should Be, that's our motto.
  17. @Levi-gh1sq: Okay but the seals on the Vermont and NY flags are probably the best out of all of them.
  18. @veggiet2009: My question is: Was going back to the polls option the only choice? I could imagine a new flag that borrows aspects of both and creates a new design that is more timeless
  19. @joshuamoore8244: The main problem with SOBs isn’t their ubiquity. It’s that seals are a poor design choice for a flag. They might, for instance, contain more symbolism, but you can’t see any of it from 40 feet away in a waving piece of cloth.
  20. @AnArmyOfFish: Yeah I'm from Maine, lived there for 20 years and I'm moving back this year.. I don't know that I like the old Maine flag, and while I have seen it before in public school, I don't think that it's very representative of Maine as a state, and I'm not hugely surprised it was voted down.  I think the "bedsheet" argument is fair but if it were changed I would love to see a flag that celebrates in an appropriate way the rich history of native peoples on the land that became Maine.  Many/most of our counties, cities, rivers, and lakes are named after former tribes that lived in New England or words that were used by them, and Maine's current flag has prominent places carved out for the white people they'd like us to know about..  but they don't have anything on the flag for the four recognized tribes that have settled largely over Maine, collectively called the Wabanaki Nations, and that's what would get my vote for a new flag.

- Why is Ireland Divided? (Short Animated Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en when people win their independence and break away from their colonial overlords they normally take their entire country with them yet when Ireland successfully revolted against its inclusion within the United Kingdom it did not this Chunk in the north remains to this day a part of the United Kingdom despite it previously being administratively a part of Ireland which raises a pretty obvious question why didn't Ireland take the north with it why is Ireland divided well first of all we need to go back to the 17th century this was when the English and Scottish Thrones were held by the same man James the first James was also the king of Ireland at least in name and he wanted much greater control over it his problem was that he was a Protestant King with Catholic subjects whom he thought were much more loyal to Rome than they were to him mostly because they were as such he sees lands in the north and gave them to Protestant settlers a process which over the centuries changed the religious demographics in the north and over those centuries the Protestants held much greater rights within Ireland than the majority Catholic population political office was reserved for Protestants whereas Catholics couldn't own land nor could they practice their people speak their own language without harassment in the early 19th century British leadership feared rebellion and so passed numerous reform acts which gave many of these rights back to Catholics as of the 1860s there were those in Ireland who pushed for what was called home rule which meant that Ireland would remain in the UK but with autonomy over the laws that governed it the British said no and would continue to do so for the next 60 years this position was buoyed by those living in the north who didn't see themselves as Irish but as British and so opposed anything that could potentially separate Ireland from Westminster in 1912 the pro-british population living in the north called unionist signed what was called the Ulster Covenant this was a document signed by half a million people and it essentially threatened Civil War if Ireland was given any autonomy World War one gave both sides something else to think about briefly but during the conflict the Easter Rising broke out this was a semi-spontaneous Uprising which wasn't popular amongst the Irish and was put down quickly and brutally by the British the brutality of the response as well as the quick and not very professional execution of the uprisings leaders further galvanized the Irish people against British rule in 1918 elections were held in Ireland end in which Sinn Fein a pro-independence party won an overwhelming Victory they created an Irish Parliament and promptly declared independence which meant War long story short the Irish won but Britain refused to give up the north due to the wishes of the majority of the people living there and also land as such Britain passed the government a violin act which split Ireland into two new parts of the United Kingdom Northern Ireland and southern Ireland which was by this point independent and so its leaders didn't care what the British Parliament had to say about it Northern Ireland was given these boundaries which the British Parliament chose because they were reasonably the most that they could keep whilst guaranteeing a unionist majority there in mid-1921 both sides agreed to a ceasefire whilst they created a lasting peace and it was decided that Britain would recognize Irish Independence on two conditions the first was the island degree to Britain keeping the North and second was the island would retain the British Monarchy and Irish leadership agreed to these conditions although it splits in feign and pushed Ireland into a Civil War the pro treaty side won and after that point the island of Ireland was divided between the two Nations and barring a drunken offer from Churchill reunion has never come close to being a reality I hope you enjoyed this episode and thank you for watching with a special thanks to my patrons James bisonet Kelly moneymaker cool show wolf Jerry lambden Jordan Longley Adam's daughter why in hockey Captain psydog rod D Martin Marvin Castle Spencer Lightfoot Gustav Swan commune boogly Wiggly Matthew Shipley Marcus arsner the mcwhopper Aaron the white Max and flaudio Maggie paxkowski Corey Turner Alex Schwinn Anthony Beckett spinning three plates Coppertone words about books podcast Winston K with Charles the first Benny Vincent and Scottish Trekkie

  Top Comments:
  1. @leomajorqc [1 likes]: Hopefully we all free ourselves from toxic regimes.

From a Quebecer hoping for his own Nation to become a country too, one day.

« Vive le Québec Libre! » ⚜ & Éire Saor - Tiocfaidh ár lá ☘
  2. @KnowTrentTimoy [1 likes]: Basically, Northern Island are mostly protestants and remained within the realm of Great Britain.  The rest of Ireland is a separate and independent country made up mostly of Catholics.
  3. @ThatOneIrishFurry [1 likes]: "The unionist signed the ulster covenant a document that said all war would break out if they were ever given any autonomy" 

Yea even 100 years later still sounds like them 🤣
  4. @Calmzat [1 likes]: Their time will come
  5. @JannatulFardous-r5r [1 likes]: Free Ireland from the Brits! 
Irish people are THE nicest people on earth.
  6. @mansongang5766: Seeing the commies in Ireland love Palestine so much send all the goat lovers there
  7. @TylerV.Kelevra: HELP ME DECLAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11111111
  8. @nasapayrollsystem8701: Nope ..you didn't go back far enough .. 
Henry the 8th ..
There was a reason those people were chosen for the plantation of Ulster
  9. @__Cthulhu__: Just pointing out, by today's terms, seizing land in a specific region and giving it to another religious group would be considered a genocide localized to that region.

And I know we don't judge the past on today's laws, but when discussing the sovereignty of Northern Ireland, it should really be kept in mind that it is in large part due to what we would call a genocide if it happened now
  10. @Rogue_Centurion: I wonder how the Irish and Northern Irish feel about unification these days?
  11. @DenisTwomey-n5y: 😂 and to confuse people that don't know Ireland the most northern part of Ireland is in the south
  12. @DeWah: There's only about 30,000 people in the North that believe they're part of the UK.
The rest are realistic
  13. @XXXTENTAClON227: If anyone is still confused and American, I have the perfect analogy; Canada is a separate nation to us. This is because during our revolution, similar to Irish independence, the North did not feel the same and our efforts to incorporate them failed. Northern Ireland is the exact same thing.
  14. @urseliusurgel: I'm not sure that it is obvious from what you have said, but the British government intended the Irish Free State to be the whole of Ireland. It was the very real threat of Unionists in the north to take up arms (arms had been imported by the Unionists for this contingency) against rule from Dublin that led to partition.
  15. @ApinderSingh-o5f: Republic of Ireland
  16. @IroquoisPliskin86: Doing this video while having that accent took some guts.
  17. @JamarfromAfar: 26+6=1
  18. @Hallows4: “Barring a drunken offer from Churchill”. That was honestly funnier than it should have been.😅
  19. @USSFFRU: Ireland is such a good example of colonialism and how devastating it is to countries if it was really emphasized. Ireland still hasn't recovered from the famine and has lost land because the people that once held those lands no longer see themselves as one and the same.
  20. @MichaelKing-tt7rj: The British fucked up like in every other country they tried to conquer.!!!

- Explained in 1 minute: Feature Flag for GitLab Development #Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en explain future flag for gitlab development in one minute writing a new code always this code might break something on production so let's disable it by default by using future flag done explaining must request that this feature is behind the future flag so reviewers on a maintenance get relieved when they merged it the wrestler just followed this rollout issue but in short ensure the mod request has been deployed on staging roll out the new behavior on staging server test the future on staging server and repeat the same thing on production as well great so the new feature is working on production without any issues clean up the feature flag that's all

- Long Videos vs. YouTube Shorts - Why Shorts Views Are Easy: Kind: captions Language: en - So you're getting views on your short form content but you're not getting views on your longer form content. And you're probably wondering why, like why are Shorts going okay but my long form content is just not going anywhere. What's going on? Well we're gonna talk about it. And I'm going to explain to you the difference between long form content on YouTube and the short form content on YouTube, so that you can know what it is that you need to do in order to start getting more activity on your longer form videos. And we're starting, is that a dog hair? And we're starting right now. Okay so the difference, when it comes to YouTube Shorts and the long form content is, when you are getting views on your YouTube Shorts nobody has to make the choice to click on your Short and start watching your Short. What happens is, people are on their phones and they're going through the Shorts Feed on their phones or on computers, and as they're going through the Shorts Feed, YouTube is just presenting your content to them. And because of that they're not making the choice to actually click on it. They're just having your content happen to them or it's being presented to them. And that's just how the Short shelf works and it works that way on YouTube, it works that way on TikTok. It works that way on Instagram Reels, they just all keep showing things to people and people just keep swiping and swiping and swiping until they find things to watch that they enjoy or they just keep swiping and keep swiping for five hours until they realize that they've spent all of this time staring at their phones. Guilty, but the long form content, it's a totally different game, because when it comes to the long form content, the reason that you are having trouble getting views on the long form content is because people have to make the choice to click on what it is that you make. In addition to that, once they do click on your videos then people have to have a positive response to your content and further engage with it in order for YouTube to deem it as a satisfactory experience for that viewer which then will in turn and cause YouTube to show it to more people on the platform who use YouTube like the people that are enjoying it. So what happens is this, content creators they upload a Short, and they start getting those views and they start thinking to themselves like, "Oh sweet. I'm getting views on this. People are enjoying my Shorts. I'm getting a lot of views, YouTube's showing it to a lot of people." And you start getting that confirmation which in my opinion I think is great because then new content creators it's encouraging because you're getting results, it seems like you're getting results immediately which is awesome. But with the long form content it doesn't work that way, so here's what you have to make sure that you're doing when it comes to the long form content. You need to make sure that when you are putting your thumbnails and your titles together, that you're thinking to yourself, if the person that I'm trying to reach with this content or the people that I'm trying to reach with this content, if it were to show up, if my thumbnail and title were to show up on their homepage, what about this thumbnail and title combination would cause somebody to one, identify that this content is something they might be interested in. And two, what about that thumbnail and title combination, would cause the people that you're trying to reach to click on your title and thumbnail. If you run every thumbnail and title that you use on your long form content through that filter, then you're automatically gonna start getting more clicks because you're being a lot more intentional, and you're defining why people would be likely to click on what it is that you're doing. But keep in mind, people clicking, isn't enough. And this is another thing that causes that separation. People clicking on your thumbnail title, it's not enough. So once they do click on your thumbnail and title and they start interacting with your content, what happens after they click, is the most important thing really in terms of how your videos are gonna perform on the platform. If people enjoy your content, YouTube's gonna keep showing it to people. If they don't further engage or they don't watch it for a longer period of time, then in that case YouTube's not gonna keep showing it to people and instead, they're going to move other content into the place of your content, that is proven to perform on the platform, proven to get clicks, proven to keep people watching and enjoying the content, and proven to get people to further engage. So if you're getting views on the short form content but not the long form content then what that means is, that you need to get to work on learning how to get people to click more and learning how to make better long form content so that people will respond to it better, so that it'll perform better within the system. And to learn how to keep people watching your videos click into this playlist right here. And if you haven't yet, make sure you subscribe. Thanks for watching. I'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Theogamezz-g3g [1 likes]: Thanks for 5he help
  2. @BlackoutsBox: Shorts suck & should be on a separate app
  3. @CynthiaOduwole: How do I get people to click on my videos?
  4. @CynthiaOduwole: I want to do long form contents now.  How can I be better? Please send me answers.
  5. @CynthiaOduwole: I want to do better. I only have shorts on my YouTube channel.
  6. @AmericanBean: This fully explains why my shorts were around 1,000 views but videos stayed around 8-15 views. Thanks for the info
  7. @jimrohnfootprint: Good content
  8. @artisticjames1764: Thanks for creating this video pal, it is very informative!
  9. @HarindraVlogs1974: Thank you sir
  10. @HarindraVlogs1974: Sbsakaibt kament kaise badaye
  11. @Theogamezz-g3g: My shorts gave me more subs from 5 to 14 subs
  12. @UngBunthpplpppo: Do you earn from views on the shorts ??
  13. @juliakent2560: I just started 4 days ago and uploaded 12 shorts. 7 of them have over 1500 to 2000 views. Should i keep going uploading shorts or also add vlogging style videos? My thing is "my life in America" 😀
  14. @Gustaiiv: Well said Nick
  15. @TechTodayManoj: You mean to stop posting shorts... Should i start a new channel exclusive for shorts?
  16. @rockyboy976: Fantastic video mate as always but what is short and long form? What is a good time span for each? Is it true that long form means 10 minutes and more?
  17. @juliake88: Thanks for sharing 🎉🎉
You are a great teacher ❣️ 
New subscriber from Kenya
  18. @betterbolt: you lowkey look like the vsauce guy whatever his name is i forgot
  19. @4thecollectors: Why are my regular videos I uploaded start off regular and then turn into shorts but they still be long videos
  20. @EndorphinFactory: Thank you sir

- 11 Thumbnail Design Hacks Top Creators Use on YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you 11 thumbnail design hacks some of the top creators on YouTube are using right now to Skyrocket their growth on YouTube when it comes to thumbnails your CTR or click-through rate matters a lot CTR is a metric that measures the amount of people who clicked on your thumbnail based on the amount of people it was shown to for example if you have a CTR of 7% that means out of 100 people it was shown to seven of them clicked on it the average CTR on YouTube is between 2 and 10% and the best creators are getting above the average and you can too if you have a low percentage let's be honest you have a boring thumbnail and that won't get views if you have a high one that's where the magic lies and that's where you can get more views make more money and start to grow your channel let's dive in first bright gets it right dark misses the mark bright and contrasting colors on your thumbnails are a great strategy to draw people's attention let's compare these two videos which one would you want to to click on the one on the left or the one on the right using contrasting colors and vibrant colors help draw the viewer's eye to your thumbnail remember your thumbnail gets placed amongst dozens of other thumbnails having a great thumbnail that stands out makes your video the easy option to click on HD is key high quality images are crucial having crisp high resolution images ensure that thumbnails look clean and professional this thumbnail is clean and crisp and psychologically what's happening is it's communicating to the audience that this is a good thumbnail it looks great I got to watch this the best way to capture high quality images for your thumbnails is using your phone or a camera to capture the best photo possible not using a still image from your video that's lower quality close-ups using close-up shots of faces showing strong emotions to create a personal and emotional connection is a great strategy for creating thumbnails I even use Tu budy on this channel on my channel to see which which thumbnails are resonating best with the audience what emotions I'm using in my thumbnails whether I show my face or not that way I can get data to know what to do next close-ups like this psychologically communicate to the viewer the emotion in the video why is he shocked is he happy at what he's looking at it makes you want to find out what's going on another example here is great this makes me curious as to why he's even sitting in a shopping cart and if he's going to be okay here and why are the shelves so empty and did it get this bad the video the less the better that is with the text you use on your thumbnails minimal text is always the goal using minimal but impactful text to convey the message of the video without cluttering the thumbnail and distracting the audience is exactly what you want to aim for this thumbnail here uses little words and allows for the text to support the title of the video along with communicating a message in the photo itself this thumbnail gets me curious because it's saying if he quit his 9 to5 and made billions how do he do it I need to know he's clearly flying on a private plane so it must be true having the look this one is underrated and highly overlooked that's why I call it having the look because if you look at the channel That I just showed you if you scroll through Noah's thumbnails they follow a certain style and they all look alike GQ Sports does this as well they follow this with their series on 10 things blank can't live without the background of their thumbnail is the exact same design every time and you begin to become familiar with it psychologically this builds familiarity with the audience and they begin to know what your thumbnails look like and they can recognize your videos just by the thumbnail alone I look at these videos and I already know what they're about because I see them so often when I just scroll on YouTube having consistent fonts colors and logos are key so your audience can establish a consistent brand and identity with your thumbnails before and afters before and afters create a massive amount of curiosity for the audience to want to click showing a transform or comparison using before and afters is great this is one of my favorite channels on YouTube gravity transformation they do a great job of showing before and after thumbnails by showing a situation on the left side and a different version on the right and you'll notice they incorporate The Branding component in there as well like we just talked about keep in mind you don't have to just be a finish Channel you can show before and afters with anything whether it's a new desk setup a new room setup a home renovation a recipe the possibilities are endless here's a key tip if you are making before and after thumbnails pay attention I know this may sound obvious on the left hand side that is the before and on the right that is the after I see so many channels mixing this up and it's confusing to the audience massive error do not do this use Graphics eye-catching Graphics are a unique way to communicate to the audience what is happening without using any words take this one for example I personally am a massive football fan and I've never seen this video before when I I saw it roll across my feet I said to myself did he actually wear a camera then I said wow that must be the POV shot of him playing on the field I have to watch this that's so cool finding ways where you can communicate to the audience what is happening without having to tell them and you can show them will win take action action shots great strategy to capture people's attention one of the best thumbnails that does this perfectly is from Dude Perfect when they went to space it creates a level of intrigue and excitement because you want to see in that moment what happen happened when they got to that point in the video here's the thing if you are using action shots in your video you must I mean must deliver this channel is one I watch all the time because I'm a massive Aviation fan and what's happening in the thumbnail is always happening in the video because they use an action shot and a screen grab from the video as their thumbnail it works for them let's be honest no one wants to be baited into a video from a thumbnail that didn't deliver in the video at all that is clickbait and no one will come back to watch your videos test test test am testing is a great strategy underrated but a great strategy for this creating different variations for your thumbnails is something to consider personally one of my favorite features with using tubebuddy is the AB testing feature I even used it on a video that I thought the original thumbnail was better and I ran the test and the variation ended up winning with AB testing specifically with tubebuddy a thumbnail will be swapped out every 24 hours so the same audiences are promoted different variations and you could see which one the audience liked better it's great feedback for you to see what the audience likes and what they don't like optimize for mobile and TV when creating a thumbnail you should take into account how it looks on mobile and on TV that's because 45% of viewership of YouTube is happening on TV honestly before I made this video I didn't even know that that's wild to me meaning you need to stand out one of my favorite ways to do this is use thumbnail check phenomenal website to ensure that your thumbnail and title is up to part with best practices and that your title doesn't get cut off when people are surfing YouTube finally do your research this goes overlooked heavily see what's working out there search to see what other people in your Niche industry are doing it's a great way for you to collect data on what's working right now and what people are resonating with check the colors The Branding the style of thumbnail then check the views on the video and I can guarantee you if there's a high view count with a solid thumbnail it means people are clicking on it to watch and they're interested that is 11 that's 10 11 thumbnail design hacks that top creators are using right now on YouTube to grow their Channel get more views and make more money if you enjoyed this video you're going to love this one right here where I share with you five strategies that you can use in 2024 with your YouTube shorts I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @jcglitch-JC [2 likes]: thx im definatly using this in my next vid
  2. @bigblackboy8918 [1 likes]: When I clicked on the video there was an ad about a video editing software and i watched it for a minute before realizing
  3. @rewarduniversity [1 likes]: very helpful
  4. @ThumbnailSprint [1 likes]: This is super
  5. @jankijain210: The tip about ensuring the before is always on the left and the after is on the right is such a simple but crucial hack for avoiding viewer confusion
  6. @Nada_mwahhh: straykids mentioned
  7. @Tangon-deaki: Very interesting infor.
  8. @GaoGao-s1l: 1:03
  9. @QRSULTRA2: 1:01 I don’t want to click on any of them cuz I don’t Evan like that
  10. @QRSULTRA2: Bro pls chill im not Evan YouTube verified or have YouTube studios so YouTube gives me options for a thumbnail and im mobile
  11. @LuckyShowTime: How, lad? Show us the way.
  12. @ChrisTheWolff: These 11 design hacks are game-changers🚀 The tip about consistent branding having the look is so underrated for building long-term recognition. Thanks for the breakdown🙌
  13. @jeremysantos_4122: These thumbnail hacks are absolute gold, The tip about using minimal but impactful text is so true, it really helps the main image stand out and drive curiosity. Definitely trying these for my next upload 🎨🚀
  14. @FactFactory-s4u: Who has created youtube channel in December 2025? 😂😊
  15. @WildGeeseMedia1: The fact that he only focuses on childish entertainment channels shows a lack of understanding of psychology behind it.
  16. @WiredSoundscape: You mentioned TubeBuddy, is there another site that does the same thing. I don't want to use my google account to log in, I use a generic email address that won't leave my personal information accessible.
  17. @Xiae-w7g: These are great tips but not knowing how to show what your doing in the video and make it appealing is for some of my videos very hard
  18. @nkdatopg: 0:54 why would I wanna click on a jack Grealish thumbnail instead of kevin
  19. @aliarabi.learning: ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5\5
  20. @RichieHeumann: Mir hat das Video sehr geholfen. Vielen Dank!

- Does changing YouTube video title or thumbnail affect views?: Kind: captions Language: en does changing a video title effect views oh absolutely but it depends entirely on how your audience reacts to your first of all your new title and thumbnail second of all to your existing metadata Search terms and to the related Search terms that YouTube assigned automatically if your new title and thumbnail lead to a higher or lower average percentage viewed average view duration or click rate YouTube will adjust its promotion YouTube keeps testing metadata search ter and audiences to see if they react well they do this in YouTube search but also YouTube suggested if it can't find the Right audience your video is dead and Dead videos are really hard to resurrect because the YouTube algorithm made up its mind people don't respond so don't promote the video changing a title and a thumbnail on a dead video will almost never work if your videos have a little bit of traction even if it's not much it's absolutely worth a shot to change your title and thumbnail but it's still really hard in this case I changed the thumbnail for this video the video wasn't performing very well the first signs look really good this is the 48h hour graph 24 hours after the change I changed the thumbnail here and My Views started to increase now let's look at the audience retention graph I select a period before the change from here to here it is about 19% this video is a little bit longer so M but it's still bad now let's look at what happened when I changed the thumbnail the average percentage viewed dropped to 10% you see that the audience retention graph shows worse statistics YouTube has tested the video hasn't found a positive result that means that My Views will go down and that is exactly what happened now it is 24 hours later and we can see in our 48 Hours graph that here is the increased amount of views and here my views went down again when you change your title and thumbnail measure the amount of increased views that a video got and the audience retention I use a spreadsheet to track changes this way I can see if the change has a positive or A negative effect if you like you can download this spreadsheet for free from my website the link is in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @IkesVintageTech [4 likes]: Starting to play with some older thumbnails. Decided to use my best performing video that has since flat lined from 8 months ago to see if there’s any uptick.
  2. @loriantrees [3 likes]: Just started my YT page
  3. @itscallietaylor [3 likes]: I tried updating a Title from two months ago and no luck! I've def learned to have better titles and thumbnails.
  4. @RitchieRosson [2 likes]: I tweaked by end screen last night and it flat lined the views on a video that was doing well. :( Great video.
  5. @AvivMakesRobots [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing that example!
  6. @jumpbos [1 likes]: This video showed up first on Google search when i typed... does changing youtube video title affect views ...
  7. @MutedTracks: Ahaa, this probably happened to me, because i changed my titles to be more accurate to my artist name. I lost many views after this.
  8. @taucetialpha4462: I got a question: I have videos over 40K (the amount is not important) views and i want to know if I  rename one of my videos, will i lose the total number of views of the remaned video ?
  9. @Sokcreator: Thanks for sharing that example!

- I Changed My Thumbnail on YouTube & My Video Exploded: Kind: captions Language: en I changed my thumbnail on YouTube because I wasn't getting any views but I really believe that this video was great and I spent a ton of time editing it to make it really good so I checked the retention graph and I noticed that 83 of the viewers were still watching at 30 seconds and I noticed that the average view percentage was at 58 so I realized that it wasn't a bad video it either just wasn't getting clicked on or YouTube wasn't putting it in front of the Right audience so I made a few different thumbnails and then I decided which ones were best and I started to a B test these thumbnails on the video and then slowly over time it started to just get a little bit more views the click-through rate started to increase until it finally took off this video now has 1.5 million views and I would have never seen that if I didn't change my thumbnail and I want to show you how you can do the same thing you got to just press record no matter how many times you change your thumbnail or your title the YouTube algorithm really doesn't care all they care about is if your click through rate is going to go down or up the hope is that you change your thumbnail and that click-through rate is going to increase and then eventually you're going to get more views because of this now truly there's four signs that I look for when a b testing thumbnails on my videos the first sign is if a video has a high retention in the first 30 seconds of the video you can see this inside of your YouTube studio so if your video is not getting a lot of views but there is a high retention in those first 30 seconds and you're hooking people into the content this could be a great video to a B test number two is if the total average view percentage of your video is higher than normal this is a great sign that you might have a great video and you just need to change out your thumbnail or title and find a new way to package this out so more people can click on it the third sign is if your video has a ton of Impressions but a low click-through rate this means YouTube is recommending your content like crazy maybe it's a great topic maybe it's timely but people aren't clicking on it and number four I love to a B test my thumbnails on videos that are in the first 24 hours if they're not performing like usual or as good as I think it can and this is a great way way to quickly increase the views on that video by finding a better thumbnail and to a B test these thumbnails I use this website called thumbnailtest.com but I want to show you guys how to use this software the best way possible so you can decide which thumbnails you should be using because you don't just want to look at the click-through rate there's a few other things you want to look at as well but first I wanted the extreme yard for sponsoring this video If you're looking to live stream or even start a video podcast on YouTube We highly recommend stream yard because of how easy it is to use and how professional it looks my favorite thing about stream yard is how simple it is to invite guests onto your show you can send them a link they don't even need to sign up they just click the link and then you can bring them onto your live stream as simple as that stream yard is free to use but if you want to unlock a ton of really cool features and you want to get started for 14 days for free go to streamwiththink.com or check the link out in the description alright let's get back into the video the first thing you want to do is create an account and log into that account once you connect your YouTube channel you're going to see all of your videos right here here and you simply just need to click on what video it is that you want to test once selected you're going to hit next step and then from here you can upload the thumbnail that you want to test now you are able to upload up to 10 different images and then each image is going to run against the original thumbnail so they can compare all of them together but I typically find just because it is super quick I like to do it one at a time once you hit next and go to this page you're going to have a few different options if you want the most accurate test results and maybe your video is a bit older I do recommend changing the test speed to daily but if you're trying to move quick and you just want to see some simple statistics to see how it Compares then you're going to want to change this back to hourly which is what I do when I'm testing in that first day and then lastly all you need to do is hit run test now we're going to see that the test has started and I don't have to do anything I don't need to go into YouTube and change anything it's going to change my thumbnail my title whatever it is that I changed automatically for me and then at the very end all I need to do is grab my results and then compare each thumbnail and see which one performed better better this is a test I did on my basketball Channel and we had a thumbnail that was tested right here on the left and on the right and I was seeing which one was going to be better we're going to look at click through a and we can see that the click through rate when we have 4.17 versus 6.07 which is a pretty big difference to put that into perspective if you got 10 000 Impressions that would be the difference between 400 views and 600 views and here's the other thing that really really matters which is your average view duration and the reason you want to look at this and you can see these are only two seconds different basically the same but if it's like 30 seconds a minute plus difference you really want to look at that because that can really hurt if your average view duration drops because of your thumbnail change and the reason that happens typically is because the thumbnail doesn't match the content it might be a little clickbaity or it just doesn't resonate with the actual video based on the viewers expectations and so sometimes they'll click on the video and they'll click right off because it's not what they wanted and you can see right here underneath this we have that metric right here average view duration times clicked rate YouTube Studio doesn't even give you this so I love that this software gives you this formula and you can see how much higher this one on the right is and that is a great sign that this is a better combo for the video now this video has been out for almost a week and it has 481 000 views now if I want to change the click-through rate and I would have left it around four or five percent of a click-through rate this video would have only gotten 245 000 views so with all of those extra views added onto this video that's an extra 1225 dollars that this video generated now of course you need to know how to create a good thumbnail that's going to get clicks and so if you click on the screen you can watch that video right now and I'll see you guys in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [11 likes]: Did you find this video helpful? Let us know your biggest takeaway below! ⬇ 
🔥 Get a 14-Day FREE Trial of StreamYard HERE ➡ http://StreamWithThink.com
  2. @agingintobeauty [1 likes]: I changed my thumbnail, leaving everything else the same - within an hour my view count changed to half of what it was originally! How is this possible? Is this common?
  3. @DielectricFailure: My other channel is just past 800 subs. My last year of using that channel, I realized I’d put about 6 hours in per video on average. I only made 100 subs in the last year. I want to revisit it and change my thumbnails as this was what a few friends said was one weakness.
  4. @Anamericanhomestead: This is just bullshit. Why can't YT just serve my vids to subscribers?  Who has time for this kind of additional work?
  5. @YonnBurgos: Great tips! I'm on that journey right now. Cheers!
  6. @whatteesaid: ❤
  7. @philipj.sherman2987: 4:08 Nolan, you skipped over something when talking about the CTR.
I see there's a big difference, but I don't know which number is better.
Can you please explain whether you want the number to be higher (10 or above), or you want it to be closer to zero?

Thanks.
  8. @tropicshade: How soon is too soon to change a thumbnail?
  9. @tarriadunnstorytellingonlinema: Awesome value !
  10. @HuntersRuggedOutdoors: what is the video that got 1.5M views?
  11. @JuanCarlosOrdoñezz: confusing dud. you did not show the test.
  12. @Hello123-p9n: Man I only have 8 views
  13. @drivingdaily582: Just refreshed a thumbnail on one of my videos...thanks
  14. @BibleRevelation2012: How does this work if your video is not in the top 200 results!
  15. @CatCatflix: My problem is that my videos are never recommended. I created this channel a long time ago and put content on it, but then I stopped posting for a long time, and now I returned to the channel and deleted all the videos that were on it and started creating new content related to cats, but the videos are never suggested. Even the few views I have are from YouTube search . Is there a solution to this problem or is it better to open a new channel?
  16. @ZombieOps552: I am using vidiq and it’s helping
  17. @zsofiajager9152: Köszönöm 😊
  18. @FitnessSolutionsPlus: Should you change your thumbnail based on time or impressions? Let's say you have a small youtube channel, and it only got 30 impressions in the first hour. Should you change the thumbnail, because it's been an hour (assuming it's underperforming), or should you wait longer, because it's only been 30 impressions? If it's the latter, how long should you wait?
  19. @Dheeru_vlogs.1234: Nyycc video
  20. @RickTv631: Can you do a video showing how to connect the rodecaster?

- How I Actually Make Viral Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en I made only 3 videos on this channel&nbsp; and all of them got over 100,000 views believe it or not it all&nbsp; comes down to these 4 steps&nbsp; I already explained how I use&nbsp; storytelling to get more retention&nbsp; now it's time for step 2... you ready?&nbsp; if no one clicks on the video they don't watch&nbsp; point of the thumbnail is to create a journey&nbsp;&nbsp; from the thumbnail to even the high quality images are crucial&nbsp; add some intrique and make people want to know what happens next&nbsp; doesn't make any sense does it? we need to make better thumbnails...&nbsp; I don't mean these guys are wrong but let's&nbsp; be real you already know all these basics&nbsp; even if you don't they're just common sense&nbsp; do you really need to be told to keep your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail simple 5 different times in 5&nbsp; different videos from 5 different gurus?&nbsp; I guess not so here's the full&nbsp;&nbsp; guide on how to actually make a thumbnail&nbsp; that gets clicks we will go from the design&nbsp;&nbsp; rules I use to thumbnail types getting inspiration&nbsp; branding word choice visual effects testing and...&nbsp; the first rule is pretty simple but it takes your&nbsp; design from a mess to a piece of art just take&nbsp;&nbsp; any popular youtuber's thumbnail and and draw 4&nbsp; lines like that do you see what's going on there?&nbsp; almost all of them even my thumbnails&nbsp; follow these lines at the core&nbsp; well you might know the rule of thirds&nbsp; from photography which basically says&nbsp; put the objects over these&nbsp; lines to get a nice shot&nbsp; that's why almost every channel&nbsp; has a thumbnail like this&nbsp; because it works so just add those lines to&nbsp;&nbsp; guide you throughout the entire design trust me it's a game changer&nbsp; we'll come back to the layout but before&nbsp; that you need to choose a color...&nbsp; you probably heard people talking about the color&nbsp; wheel the idea is to get enough contrast in your&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail you should choose two opposite colors&nbsp; from this circle and if you dive deeper you would&nbsp;&nbsp; see there are more techniques that's used to&nbsp; get fancy combinations but here's the plot...&nbsp; I don't use them there's a much easier way&nbsp; to find a color for your thumbnail and for&nbsp;&nbsp; your entire channel so here's what I do take any&nbsp; color you like as your main color I chose yellow&nbsp;&nbsp; for mine then add three more one black one&nbsp; white and one in the middle you can slightly&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak these to match your main color but I like&nbsp; to keep it simple and finally add another color&nbsp;&nbsp; to highlight things there we go go a color palette&nbsp; that's actually useful even though my sister says&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like a Minecraft house made from diamond&nbsp; and gold I like it you can use it in your editing&nbsp;&nbsp; too but that's for another video now you might ask&nbsp; wouldn't that be too repetitive if I use the same&nbsp;&nbsp; colors in all my thumbnails? that's right!&nbsp; the solution is simple just change the highlight&nbsp; color that way you can keep the fresh vibes&nbsp;&nbsp; while still being recognizable by your viewers it's simple just pick a basic font that isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; overused and you're good to go for those those who&nbsp; are asking the fwn I use is called "eastman" and&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks pretty good all right we talked about the&nbsp; rule of thirds and how to make a good layout it's&nbsp;&nbsp; nice but you can't just invent something new&nbsp; in this square for every single video right?&nbsp; well you don't have to if you paid attention while&nbsp;&nbsp; browsing on the homepage you may already&nbsp; have catched some thumbnail types that most&nbsp;&nbsp; youtubers are using shout out to this legend&nbsp; for breaking them down into 21 categories but&nbsp;&nbsp; here's the best 10 that will work for 99% of&nbsp; the time youtubers like Airrack and Mrbeast use&nbsp;&nbsp; that style all the time but even if you're&nbsp; not an entertainment channel you can still&nbsp;&nbsp; use this type of thumbnail take a look at this hey what's he doing?! dude put that chicken down!&nbsp;&nbsp; oh this is how airplane engines are tested... they test it with chickens?!&nbsp; see that's the target emotion of these&nbsp; thumbnails just shock the viewer while&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolling on the homepage and make them clip&nbsp; it's easier to say but think about what you&nbsp;&nbsp; have in your video that would shock the viewers&nbsp; of course big things always get more attention&nbsp;&nbsp; don't take this out of context people are&nbsp; curious to know what a $50 million house&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like or how this dude earns $900 just by&nbsp; listening to music until they realize he doesn't among all those over edited and screaming&nbsp; thumbnails another way to stand out is&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping it really simple just an interesting&nbsp; chat from discord a chair a red button or this&nbsp;&nbsp; thing whatever this is may get more attention it's&nbsp; usually just a screenshot shot from the video and&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple question that makes you curious to know&nbsp; what's going on channels like Dr Insanity or Zack&nbsp;&nbsp; are doing it so good that it makes it impossible&nbsp; to skip if you're a small channel and a popular&nbsp;&nbsp; niche social hacking is probably the best way to&nbsp; gain the first traction basically take the face of&nbsp;&nbsp; a famous person in your Niche and slap it into&nbsp; your thumbnail oh the video must be about that&nbsp;&nbsp; person though otherwise it's called clickbait all&nbsp; the videos you see with Mrbeast's face are using&nbsp;&nbsp; this strategy and it works pretty well even dream&nbsp; used in his first videos so don't underestimate&nbsp;&nbsp; the power of a popular face all right let's&nbsp; speed things up this is the style you see all&nbsp;&nbsp; over youtube just the creator next to something&nbsp; bigger yeah the one I use in this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; basically an interesting text at the top to give&nbsp; more context about the video it can be anything to&nbsp;&nbsp; compare to before and after something cheap versus&nbsp; expensive iPhone versus Android fin versus AI you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the point blurring the main character or the&nbsp; final result so people have to click to find out I don't know if you realize but all of those viral&nbsp; thumbnails that I showed in this video and even&nbsp;&nbsp; all the ones that you saw on your homepage have&nbsp; one thing in common they're not just using one&nbsp;&nbsp; of these formulas they're combining them look&nbsp; at Mrwhosetheboss' series where he buys every&nbsp;&nbsp; release of a tech like iPhone or Playstation I&nbsp; showed you this in big numbers but if you look&nbsp;&nbsp; closer you would see that he also uses header&nbsp; comparison and even social hacking formulas all&nbsp;&nbsp; at once or take a look at this chair which&nbsp; types could you spot it's branded because&nbsp;&nbsp; of their logo right here it's simple because&nbsp; well there's nothing else than a chair and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; using social hacking because everyone saw this&nbsp; chair at least once we can even include it as&nbsp;&nbsp; a weird object if you think chairs are weird?... even I used big numbers and header styles in my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video on this channel I wouldn't say it's&nbsp; very creative but it worked for sure I can go&nbsp;&nbsp; on with all the thumbnails that I showed but the&nbsp; idea is choose two or three styles combine them&nbsp;&nbsp; and try to stick to it for around five videos&nbsp; it will make your audience understand it's&nbsp;&nbsp; your style but don't stick to it for too long&nbsp; because using the same formula 100 times would&nbsp;&nbsp; probably make the viewers feel like you just keep&nbsp; repeating yourself and it will lower the chances&nbsp;&nbsp; of click unless you're a reaction channel... well it's one of the most popular advice that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can hear from youtube gurus just look what&nbsp; other youtubers in your niche are doing and try&nbsp;&nbsp; to replicate but I completely disagree with that&nbsp; and I have evidence to support my opinion take my&nbsp;&nbsp; first video as an example trying youtube shorts&nbsp; is definitely not a unique video idea what about&nbsp;&nbsp; the thumbnail that style seems to work for many&nbsp; people well in that case you're a smart guy just&nbsp;&nbsp; copy what works right the problem is you're not&nbsp; the only one that is the worst thing to do if&nbsp;&nbsp; you see many similar thumbnails from different&nbsp; channels about the same topic hopping on that&nbsp;&nbsp; train is probably not a good idea if so many&nbsp; channels are already doing that it's the cliche&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail now and your audiences are basically&nbsp; the same so there's no reason for people to click&nbsp;&nbsp; on your zero view video instead of their 100k even worse people will probably notice they're&nbsp;&nbsp; too similar and you might become just a copycat&nbsp; of your competitor so what should you do then you&nbsp;&nbsp; can't reinvent the wheel for each new video right? well...&nbsp; just kidding of course it's not really possible&nbsp;&nbsp; to do that if you're posting consistently sooner&nbsp; or later you'll run out of thumbnail ideas and&nbsp;&nbsp; when that happens you should just look at channels&nbsp; outside your niche for that video I went through&nbsp;&nbsp; the channels I follow in completely different&nbsp; niches and came up with this thumbnail same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; applies to almost all of them so get inspiration&nbsp; from the channels with different niches that will&nbsp;&nbsp; make your video stand out from the crowd because&nbsp; your audience with those channels are different&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's the same with all these other channels&nbsp; so when it appears alongside those yours will&nbsp;&nbsp; be much more likely to get more attention experimenting with new things is always&nbsp;&nbsp; good but just try to keep the core elements like&nbsp; colors fonts and style consistent that makes your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience notice your video on the home screen&nbsp; way faster and with enough time boosts the CTR&nbsp; this is where you got to be creative you can&nbsp; use a big number if that suits your video a&nbsp;&nbsp; bold statement opposite of a common belief&nbsp; or just a title that represents your video&nbsp; if nothing fits well leaving it blank is always&nbsp; an option congratulations you just learned how&nbsp;&nbsp; to make a viral thumbnail right I don't think&nbsp; so look you learned the theory which is really&nbsp;&nbsp; important but it doesn't mean anything if you&nbsp; don't know how to use them most people will&nbsp;&nbsp; probably close the video at this point take all&nbsp; that information and go make a thumbnail like this&nbsp; but if you stick around you'll learn how I turn&nbsp; this into this hey Finn what do you call it?&nbsp; Photoshop baby!! PhOtOsHOp BaByYy how you say it like that...&nbsp; with just a few simple effects and some ancient&nbsp; Photoshop sorcery that I learned from this guy&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah hey everyone I'm still here here got stuck in&nbsp; this timeline dude you need to work on your jokes&nbsp; PHOTOSHOP... after choosing your&nbsp;&nbsp; concept and sketching a detailed draft on paper&nbsp; open Photoshop create a new project get your lines&nbsp;&nbsp; add your character text a nice background and&nbsp; other elements it already looks better than that&nbsp; make the text fancier by double clicking here&nbsp; then change the color add inner glow outer glow&nbsp;&nbsp; and whatever this is just tweak the settings&nbsp; to make the unique effect you want here are&nbsp;&nbsp; the adjustments that I usually do if you want to&nbsp; get a similar style after you're happy with the&nbsp;&nbsp; look save it as a new style to use it next&nbsp; time you can do that for other elements too&nbsp; it's the effect that I used in this thumbnail&nbsp; to bend this chart you can bend anything by&nbsp;&nbsp; just clicking the corner of an image and choosing&nbsp; this button now you can warp it however you want&nbsp; looks good but they seem too distracting&nbsp; in the background let's add some blur&nbsp;&nbsp; select the image filter blur gaussian blur that might work work but we can do even better&nbsp;&nbsp; let's try again select image filter pixelate&nbsp; mosaic oh we made it worse again again that's&nbsp;&nbsp; it even though these blurs might not suit this&nbsp; thumbnail they work very well in some cases so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's nice to know how to use them all right let's&nbsp; move on we fixed these images but the background&nbsp;&nbsp; is too shiny it's almost hard to read the text&nbsp; so we need to make it darker take the brush wo&nbsp;&nbsp; wow calm down you don't have to be a Bob Ross to&nbsp; use this okay just try to keep up make your brush&nbsp;&nbsp; big and soft reduce the flow to something like&nbsp; 5% and increase smoothing now open a new layer&nbsp;&nbsp; on top of your background and start painting&nbsp; behind text character and things like that okay&nbsp;&nbsp; we're getting somewhere that background image&nbsp; looks nice but I don't really like the color I&nbsp;&nbsp; said but I don't really like the color how' to&nbsp; change it glad you asked select the background&nbsp;&nbsp; click image adjustments hue and saturation here&nbsp; you can choose a specific color to change or&nbsp;&nbsp; tweak the entire image noise we're almost done&nbsp; but I'm looking so unnatural over there I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; the text above my head is shiny there should&nbsp; be some light reflections in reality right? pick the selection tool select the thing&nbsp; create a new layer take the brush make&nbsp;&nbsp; it smaller pick a nice color and brush&nbsp; over where the light is coming from oh&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to change the layer blending&nbsp; style to overlay if it doesn't work for&nbsp;&nbsp; your image try other styles and colors too&nbsp; after everything's done I like to send it&nbsp;&nbsp; to my phone and play around with the colors&nbsp; in Lightroom so it goes from this to this&nbsp; before publishing the video you need to test&nbsp; how it looks on youtube homepage to do that go&nbsp;&nbsp; to thumbs up.tv add your title and thumbnail and&nbsp; see if it looks good if it does you're good if not&nbsp;&nbsp; go back to the drawing board again but hopefully&nbsp; it does here it is I know it's probably not the&nbsp;&nbsp; best way to make a thumbnail but that's just how&nbsp; I do it at the moment it will definitely change&nbsp;&nbsp; with time but for now this is all I do and it&nbsp; works for me so may work for you as well... [Music] PhOtOsHOp BaByYy

  Top Comments:
  1. @turkcipitiofficial [1 likes]: 3:10 neeeeediyo ooolum.
  2. @vikash0pradhan: Bakwas 0% 
 value 100%
  3. @alihesham8167: 3:31 🙂
  4. @GavinGamer2: 1:13 crazy work here
  5. @ClickFarmaStudio: Excelent body!
  6. @happydavvy: I just use AI to make my thumbnails with prompts am not good with colors and making thumbnails
  7. @SecularGrowth: Just insane how good this man is :)
  8. @AbhinavSingh-x5d3v: Bro which app you are using please tell me bro
  9. @hasoking6860: Thanks a lot dude, as a beginner I was so confused at everything but with your help I can now execute the essentials(which is pretty enough for my need). Thanks a lot, really.
  10. @joelmwalugha: Thank you so much
  11. @Sulaiman__mostafa: Absolute cinema
  12. @Seafritzz: NOW I GOT THE NOTE PAD WITH ME
  13. @LolaLogicYT: It's helpfull but something missing Its feels like you flex Your skilss
  14. @RedEcho-2: This was like the best Tutorial I've ever seen
  15. @ryanellisonyt: so glad I got this on my recommendation 😊
  16. @nifemi_ttb: Ohhh i love issac 😂🤍
  17. @akilachamod9491: i'm glad this is the first video that is recomended for me when i search to learn. 
everything i need to learn was at one palce.. 😍😍
  18. @keinfps6970: you can notice that he is from shorts :) I'm learning so much in 1min
  19. @fitblood: This video gives me sea sickness
  20. @pedrosiqueiraviolão: 10:34 lá ele kk

- Shorts Genius Shares Everything She Knows (Jenny Hoyos Interview): Kind: captions Language: en I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral that is an absurd thing to say that's Jenny Hoyos an 18-year-old YouTuber who is absolutely crushing shorts she's done over 600 million views in the past year alone averaging 10 million views per video how does she do it I have analyzed thousands of shorts I've analyzed all of Mr B shorts all of Ryan Tran's shorts and what I found was in this episode you'll learn how to make anything go viral I think you can make a video about anything it's just adding and how to create the perfect short every second counts on a short like every single second whatever you say you're going to do you end it right after you do it the difference is in short form content platforms short form content is not the same across platforms I noticed that YouTube likes and a hot take you might not be expecting retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does you said this kind of aside you said well I can make anything go viral like if the idea is good I can make I can make it go viral which is an absurd thing to say and I want to hear what that means to you how do you how do you make anything go viral it's just adding story and a Twist especially with shorts since like no one's actually having to click on your video I think you can make a video about anything you can make video about paint drawing and you can make make it entertaining if there's a story around it and if the viewer is invested what are your favorite ways to get people invested how do you how do you make a story that people care about I think my content is very personality based I'd say so for me making it personal makes them invested I'll give you an example I actually did this in a long form in the video I cooked for strangers to make money okay very Baseline why should they care well my kitchen is broken and I want to raise money for it by cooking and making money you know it's it's ironic like I'm my kitchen's broken so in order to fix it I have to cook to make money so I think that's what makes people invested having like some sort of personal why or goal and irony too is pretty funny I like that I like that irony jux to position Jenny's the hero of the story exactly what makes a good short when I think of good it's very subjective so there's no direct definition as to what makes a good short because everyone has different taste but I can say what makes a good short to me okay let's hear that to me a good short is one that has a strong hook as the way I like to explain it is if it could be used as a title in thumbnail on a long form and like it will still get clicks then it'll work for a short you know so the hook needs to be very visual you need to understand it without even listening to it and it needs to be so simple like so simply said like you said explain to a 5-year-old so I think that's one of the key things and then also just a story that just you know pushes you through and not only do you watch to the end but you rewatch it again so that's what makes a good short to me let's say that you are planning or want to create a new video how do you start thinking about hooks or how do you generate hooks it's it's very funny because I like to I like to see shorts like as like even though I don't do that many long forms I like to see shorts as if I'm making like a long form so like I will sketch like almost as if it's tied on thumbnails so like I have my iPad and I draw like what would I visually want it to look like what are different ways if I was to put it together what would that look like so when I'm making a hook I just like keep drawing and sketching or like even just imagining until something just clicks so the first thing is the visual easily the first thing is the visual and then I figure out how I'm going to accompany that Visual and what I'm saying I try to make it as concise as possible and I'll put it in a readability Checker and then make sure that it's actually like understandable to at least like fifth grade or under H what's what's the readability Checker that you use uh I don't I don't know I don't pay for it it's readability formulas. comom is the one I use and you want to be fifth grade or under fifth grade or under yeah have you have you played around with things that are uh older quote unquote than that and seeing that that's the level that it should be at or how did you arrive at fifth grade yeah so I have analyzed thousands of shorts as you may know so I've like scraped you know the scripts of a bunch of shorts and and I've put it in this readability Checker and I've noticed that the most popular shorts especially Mr Beast you know Mr Beast is one of the best shorts creators and his is like in first grade level so I just basically like after scraping everything that's when I realized like fifth grade and under is like about the range you want to be at yeah I think yeah that's a simply foot yeah how did you land on fifth grade was that the average of all of these I'm not going to lie the readability can sometimes be off but it was um it was just like at a range cuz I I believe like like a for example is like slightly higher I don't know the exact number in the top of my head but I I just noticed that like a good in between as fifth grade but I will say the problem with the readability is especially like with content like mine you can change the readability from fifth grade to like e8th grade by simply using the word business which is why I try to avoid things like that or if you use the word Finance or if you use like for example profit instead of saying profit I just explain the definition of profit every time I talk about it I did know this about you I did not know that you analyze thousands of shorts by scraping the titles and the transcripts can you tell me more about that yeah so it's so funny because like basically the way I do it is you know when you go on to YouTube and you open up a short it sends you like even on desktop it sends you to like this shorts page or whatever but if you change the url to like watch question mark V equals then the URL then it will send you to like the actual YouTube page and then you can just click transcript copy and paste that transcript and then I just check the readability but I also like check other things you know I just analyze why these shorts are working so interesting so interesting I I would love to hear anything else that comes to mind as you were looking at all this that started to help you pull together your own short strategy because I did not realize that you had done all this research and pulled all this together this gets me very very excited as the Creator Science Guy I am super excited about this this research yes so I've also like deeply analyzed all of my videos and I think that's where you learn the most everyone has different audiences so what works for Mr Beast might not work for me right so what I did is like I did my own little experiment like when I knew I wanted to get into shorts I told myself I was going to upload every day for as long as possible and I think I only got like a week or two in it didn't it I didn't I didn't get that far but the goal was essentially to upload as much as possible quantity is what makes quality when I was doing that quantity I would analyze my retention graph and this is just like one example I'll just pull out for you so there was one video after 5 days I got I think it was like 50,000 views in 5 days right which I on average I usually get like a million so I was not happy with the performance and I pulled up the retention graph and I noticed on the last second it was a huge dip it was 70% 1 second later it was 45% like a 25 % drop in 1 second and the retention was 83% so what I did was I went to YouTube Studio I trimmed off that 1 second YouTube removed this feature by the way YouTube please bring it back but just by removing that one second at the end it went from 83% to 88% and the video went flying and that that's why like every second counts on a short like every single second because when you think about it let's say you have a 30 second short right if you lose 1 second that's already 90 7% That's three percentages you know if you have lose two seconds that's 6% so when you think about it I'm sure it's like you're not just losing one second you're losing double or even triple because that one second accumulates to two or 3% of the video the takeaway here I believe is that you really want in a short high retention of course we want High retention and everything but I've heard some people talk about you really want people to sometimes Loop and watch even into a repeat of the thing is that true yes yes and I'll explain why the average scroll through rate which is basically like on YouTube shorts you can see what percentage who like what percentage of people viewed versus swiped away and I like to call it scroll through rate but the average scroll through rate is like 70% you want to get that as high as possible my personal scroll through rate is like 85% so my average scroll through rate is 85% but my average retention is 95 5% if only 85% of people are watching it how does the retention subtly get to 95% it's because they're rewatching it so to have that like 90 plus per retention which is like in my opinion the bare minimum like for a short uh blow up you need them to watch it again so 90% is your benchmark that's what you're looking for for retention for something that will have the the virality and reach that you're accustomed to at this point for the most part yes I will say it depends on the amount of Impressions because my videos average like 95% retention but we're talking like that's on 10 million views so that's like it's very difficult to do right so yeah okay so you mentioned that with the hooks you think about the visual nature of it are you talking about the first frame of the actual video yes I'm talking about the first frame I don't know how many shorts you've seen so I'll try and to explain it I I've seen more than one but less than you so let's let's assume on the yeah so I have this series where I remake fast food items for a dollar instead of like showing my face I show the location I show the front of the location because obviously like more people know the fast food location than they know me the easiest way to describe like the video just visually is by showing the fast food item in front of the location so usually it's so funny I would have the logo in the middle and then I'll put the food item here and and then right in the middle I'll put like $1 burrito $1 sandwich $1 Burger so then it's like you perfectly see it it's always perfectly aligned and it really helps for bability too because it's actually a playlist and I get a lot of views from people like just like watching it down and they they just know it's me every time they see that framing so interesting was this all trial and error or did you model this this style of of Framing and hook off of anyone in particular it's Ely like pry and error at first I started by I guess you can say stealing like stealing like an artist cuz that's how to me I I believe that's how you learn sure you obviously want to find your own style but I started by like copying other people's Hooks and then I was looking at like Which percentage is the highest so I it sounds so funny so like a a strategy a technique is like what would it sound like if this YouTuber made this video and then I would make a bunch of hooks depending on that so I'll have like a list of like the big 10 and then I'll just like you know have a bunch of different hooks pick which one's my favorite see the percentage and then assess what's the best hook then I made my own twist into it after a quick break Jenny walks me through her process for coming up with great ideas so stick around we'll be right back if you know me you know how much I believe in memberships my membership is the core of my business and I believe that earning a living directly from your audience is one of the most sustainable ways for for you to become a professional Creator as well so I want to tell you about today's sponsor uscreen uscreen is a beautiful all-in-one platform that helps content creators earn a living from their videos by unlocking predictable recurring Revenue you can host private live streams for your members build an OnDemand catalog of Premium video content and uscreen gives you a community Hub to interact with your members too they can access your community from their mobile phone so your membership is right there in their pocket with a uscreen account you get video hosting an outof the-box website full payment and subscription management and plenty of thirdparty Integrations too and new screen makes it easy to get set up you get access to powerful website themes that are fully brandable with no coding skills required uscreen is the platform for building a video membership site that is great for generating a sustainable income stream for professional creators to try you screen click the link in the description and let them know that Jay sent you what would you say is your proportion of like video ideas to videos you actually create oh gosh well I have like right now in a Google doc I have a list of a thousand ideas crazy and I'm only doing 10 crazy so so these are Depends these are a thousand ideas not a thousand hooks a thousand different video ideas that could each have multiple different hooks within them yes it's it's it's crazy yeah where do they come from how do you generate that many ideas okay there's a lot of ways so one way is I just watch YouTube and then see what I personally you know like want to recreate and like twist or it's like what video do I want to watch or um as funny as it sounds I also use ai ai has some pretty good ideas but the best ideas at least for me personally they come from just living it and then thinking this is a video idea so let me explain that so one of my most popular videos is me making a garden as funny as it sounds cuz that sounds like it would get no views yet it has like I think it has like 30 million views like so that's a ton there's so many ideas where something like this happened one day I was eating Ratatouille because it's like one of my favorite foods right and I'm like I can't believe like it costs $20 to cook and I'm like but can't I just make a garden and then have unlimited Ratatouille for like five bucks and I'm like oh my gosh that's a video idea so I'm like now I got to make a garden and then I'm going to grow vegetables to have infinite Ratatouille because it's my favorite food so like that's where the story came from or like another time my grandma it was so funny she got like like I think it was like laundry detergent in the mail or whatever like free laundry detergent and I'm like how'd you get free laundry detergent that's like 30 bucks and she was like oh I called the company and I complained to them I told them that they suck and they sent me free laundry detergent and I'm like that's a video I got to do that so it's like you know just things that I live and then I'm like that needs to be a video those are my best ideas so how do you go from a th000 ideas to narrow it down to 10 what is the deciding factor of which videos make the cut yeah so I would say I narrow it I narrow it down to like like let's say we have 100 because 100's like an easier number to work with so let's say we have 100 ideas I'll narrow it down to like 25 25 to 50 that's usually just based on like the first thing I ask myself is do I want to make it I don't ask if it'll go viral I can figure out how to make it viral if I really want to make it so first I tell myself do I actually want to make this is this actually logistically possible and then it's like is the hook good is the mechanism good are people going to rewatch this then that's when I look at like where's the virality aspect in this then I'll bring it down to 25 then from there I'll send it to um my video editor who's also like he's just like he's really involved in the channel so he's not just a video editor he's also like a strategist because you know he's he he knows a lot about YouTube and um I'll send it to him and he'll bring my 25 to like 10 and he'll basically he'll go in and tell me like even further if it actually seems viral if he thinks it's sharable but for him like he's really good at telling if if a concept is simple yet complex if that makes sense M mhm you mentioned a word a second ago you said is the mechanism good what do you you mean by mechanism if they're going to be pushed to the end so like a good example is Mr Beast the red circle like is it like last leave Circle wins $500,000 the mechanism is the circle is constantly closing so the viewer is watching till the end so if if it was just like the circle wasn't closing I don't know if anyone watch to the end they'll just skip to the end probably interesting what are some of the mechanisms that you've used I think this is the easiest one that anyone can apply it's basically saying there's three steps or there's three things we need to do because it's very easy to follow and you just showed the list of three so now the viewer knows that oh we're getting closer to the video like they actually have a good expectation which is probably one of the biggest things I think that's I think that's why my videos like go viral it's because people have a good expectation of what they're going to watch and what's actually going to be at the end so when it comes to expectations if you set expectations do you find that then the the next step is completely following through on those expectations or do you ever try to like subvert expectations for an element of surprise or something I try to follow those expectations but then have a twist for example I gave my mom a $5 Mother's Day gift the hook was my mom's Never Had A Mother's Day gift so I'm going to change that and buy her the best present with $5 it was it was the why making them car in the hook my mom's Never Had change that then the expectation is so I'm going to surprise her with a gift for $5 and on screen I'm showing me giving her the gift but you're going to see that till the end so it's like it's the the cold open and then we cut to the video so the expectation is by the end of the video you're going to see me give her a gift so then I follow through make the gift and then I surprise her now I gave them the expectation I closed the loop that I'm going to surprise her with this gift but the twist was she ended up dropping the gift it broke and then she's like you're the best daughter I've ever had I'm like I'm your only one video ends so it's like yeah I I gave that expectation that I'm going to gift her and then we just Twisted it at the end how long would you say on average your shorts are oh I know exactly the answer because I've done the analysis okay what's the answer it's it's exactly 34 seconds because my most popular videos are exactly that length so I try to make it exactly that length that was going to be my next question was to say do is that now your your benchmark for what you're looking for in a video 34 seconds yes so yes everyone's is different everyone got to analyze it like for their their own channel and I think I've seen well I was in uh I was in Pat Galler's accelerator and he showed some research that he had done to show like depending on your short length this is the bar for retention you should be shooting for so I'm guessing that 90% retention is also related to the average total length of your videos whereas if it shorter maybe you need retention to be higher to achieve the same virality exactly yes correct so for me for my personal Channel like I said like there's no specific number I think everyone just has to check out their analytics but for me I noticed if a short is less than 30 seconds it needs to it has to have over 100% retention or else it's not going to take off so that's why I like to make it slightly longer but too long is too long for my audience since I do have a very young audience if you know that you want your videos to be about 34 seconds I'm thinking if it's 34 seconds and you know that you want your last second retention to be really high it seems like the payoff is like literally the last second so now we got 34 33 seconds to work with you probably know how long your hook generally is so maybe that's you know 3 seconds or 5 seconds and you have this remainder of 28 to 30 seconds in the middle do you break that down into specific pieces of the mechanism or is that just kind of whatever happens in the edit yeah so it's usually whatever happens in the edit but what I do check is before I film the video I will do a rough script even if it's not even what happens in the video like I'll just roughly you know do it and I can just change it later and from there I'll have a sense of how long it is just from the word count but I don't necessarily force it I just let it free flow like you said in the edit but I do have a rough idea of the word count and my Hooks and foreshadow I always do that in every video I do a hook and then I foreshadow which is two lines and that is usually 3 seconds or less and foreshadow you're saying that's in that's in the voiceover because I know you mentioned like that the example of your your mom's gift when you see her grab the package that's foreshadowing in a way but that's completely visual you're saying you dedicate some spoken time to foreshadowing as well yes I always have spoken time to foreshadowing it like it doesn't matter what video idea it is like like like let me just pull up like a random idea like I'm going to the beach right and then it's like why would someone watch so that's the hook I'm going to the Beach and what's the foreshadow I'm going to the beach and I'm going to surprise someone with $100 at the end of the video it could literally be with anything it just needs to have some sort of expectation I want to keep going down this the structure Rabbit Hole a little bit more because I keep finding new layers like I didn't know foreshadowing is part of your structure so is there anything that comes after the hook and foreshadowing that is a structural part of every video yes there actually is so it will usually be hook which is really short then I'll foreshadow what's going to be at the end then I have to smoothly transition so I used to have like a lot of breaks cuz you want to give people time to breathe right because you don't want to be like I'm going to be doing this and this and this and this the video's over I didn't like they they're not going to understand anything so you want a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking let me explain what I mean by that this I did this in my recent video so it was like McDonald's banned this item hook so I'm gonna make it at home then convince them to put it back on the menu That's the foreshadow and then at first I wrote let's get started but that breaks pace so instead of saying let's get started I said so I cooked illegally that that just flows better so I I don't want to give like cuz I already gave like two crucial pieces of detail so if I give any more detail they're just going to forget about that like pracy recency if you I can get into that so it's like they're going to forget what I just said so we need a pacing break without the pacing actually breaking if that makes sense yeah totally okay let's keep going down this this Trail is there is there more structural pieces past the transition usually it's just like problem solution or but therefore storytelling okay tell me more about but therefore storytelling basically but there but therefore storytelling simply put is just lots of change in the story so a story stories can't be stories without change for example I went a walk then it started raining then I went back home it was much more boring than if it was like I went on a walk but it started raining therefore I started running back home and I I it was raining all over me but good thing I had a handy umbrella while I was on my way back therefore I got home like it's the exact same story but it just sounds so much more intriguing when you have like but and then so or but therefore I'm so glad that you're able to like whip up these examples on the Fly this is must be very stressful the the spots I'm putting you on but you're just like I got it yeah so if I'm thinking from an order of operation standpoint I'm I'm making some assumptions I'm realizing and I want to make sure I'm correct in them it sounds like you have ideas first then you narrow that down to a small number of ideas and ultimately a video that you say yes this idea my editor and I have decided is a good one uh you come up with versions of the hook and then it seems like you you start recording and after recording you start editing and then after editing comes the transcript for the voiceover did I get that right you were close you were close like you said ideas then I find that one idea then I'll write my hook then I'll write the last line so I always know the last line when I'm going to film then I'll go back and then after the hook I figure out how I'm going to foreshadow that I I will always have the hook for so I always have two lines so it'll be like hook foreshadow end um but in between it would be like it depends on the video sometimes it will be a rough script like we were saying so I can have that structure in mind or it will just be bullet points of things I want to touch on while I'm filming then I will film once I filmed I will revisit the script again revise it finalize it then it goes and edit how do you write the last line without knowing what comes out in the filming it's you'd like leave it in blank so it would be like for example if I'm surprising someone with a gift the last line would be then like it's so simple then I surprised my mom and and then blank so it's usually reaction just to have a general idea yes yeah exactly yes okay I was watching your videos this morning and I I was like really I I took note of the fact that they all end very abruptly but like not in a way where I'm like what happened it's it's like it's pleasing but it is abrupt and we already talked about how you you kind of learned this and you trimed it off but it is like and I surprised my mom and you know and then and then her reaction and then end you mentioned a moment ago that the age of your audience is typically a little bit younger how much do you think about who the audience is when you think of ideas you know because in my world to step back a second in my world a lot of times folks have like a very specific Avatar that they're creating for who's trying to achieve some sort of specific goal I don't think that's the same in more of the entertainment space so i' love to hear to what level of detail you think about an audience member in your mind yeah that's everything Avatar is everything so for me I will think of like specific people so I will think of like me when I was younger I'll think about like the these are my favorites to think about by the way my my my nieces are 10 years old 10 I have two nieces that are seven and 10 and they just moved to America last year so they barely understand English and that's that's who I want to speak to it's it's very tough because they might not be interested in the topic but if I can make them interested and especially if it makes sense to them as non-english speakers then it's probably really good so that's the way I see it it's not necessarily thinking of like their their dream their desires but more so how can you speak to them I just it just I don't know if that makes sense because it's like it's it's different it it makes sense it's interesting for me to hear because I just don't speak to folks on the more entertainment side of the Creator world as often so actually I'm just coming at it from Natural Curiosity to hear how you do think about it I would imagine at the level of views you're getting tens of Millions on these on these videos it's a broad spectrum of people who are looking at this so who you who do you choose as the core of yes people outside of this type of person maybe it's my nieces will watch this but I'm making it for this person in particular I didn't know if you had that specificity or not like I said I do and I don't so it's in the sense of like I it's mainly like my younger self which is like kind of weird because I can't actually my younger yourself can't actually watch it but that's like the way I think of it if that makes sense yeah for sure for sure can we talk a little bit about Instagram reals and Tik Tok and how you think about those because a lot of times people think short form vertical video it's same everywhere choose wherever you're leading and then just post it to all three and it's clear that your your YouTube is is much bigger than the other two platforms and those other platforms are much bigger than mine so that's not any judgment on you but I'm curious what you're hearing or what you're experiencing in terms of how this does or does not translate hey real quick before they respond I want to let you know that there are bonus Audio Only episodes of Creator science that air every Tuesday when we don't publish a video episodes like number 156 where I talk with my editor Connor about our first year on YouTube or number 37 with Oli abdal if that's interesting just search for Creator science wherever you listen to podcasts all right back to the show yeah so sh from content is not the same across platforms and I know this because I used to do very well on Tik Tok before I was doing well on YouTube In fact when I had like a thousand subscribers on YouTube I had like 70k on Tik Tok so I was doing much better and I was averaging like a million views per Tik Tok What was crazy is I remember at this at this point I was posting to all three platforms but Tik Tok was getting all the views YouTube shorts and Instagram reals were getting like none of it were you thinking about one of those platforms as like your lead platform at that time it was definitely Tik Tok so you're thinking I'm making this video for Tik Tok I'm also posting to reals and I'm also pointing posting shorts correct but it wasn't edited on the Tik Tok app like it would still be filmed you know like professionally and then edited it and then posting on Tik Tok the same video that would get 1 million views on Tik Tok would get 1,000 views on YouTube shorts and I was like okay let me switch a strategy CU I bought baned on Tik talk like for a short period of time I'm like let me focus on YouTube and then the opposite happened I started averaging 1 million views on YouTube and then a th000 on Tik Tok I'm like this is really strange like these platforms definitely won different content and what I found YouTube likes definitely a slower more mature you know it's a more mature audience so they want like a slower Pace more story so those would be like the 34 second tick uh 34 second shorts that I'm making right now Tik Tok on the other hand did not like did not like videos over 30 seconds it liked 10 to 20 second videos that were just like dense with information not that many jokes just like you know just just scrollable they're just trying to scroll as much as possible versus Instagram reals was also slightly more mature but because they have that mute feature a lot of those videos would be very Visual and would have like subtitles in every second and would have like a lot of sharability since it's very it's it's very easy to share on Instagram how do you think about long form now is it something that you aspire to do more of how does it play into the Jenny hoyo Universe yes the Jenny ho Universe sounds like the MCU but yeah I I really want to get into long form I want to become established there basically what I did to shorts is exactly what I'm doing to long form I have been studying long forms for the past year learning as much as I can analyzing everything and now it's just time to execute so the goal is to pull off what I did on shorts on long form and then just you know upload a uh upload a a good amount between them I'm never going to quit shorts it's just going to be a good balance between the two what is long form represent to you that it's a priority you know you're so good at shorts you're you're like at the top of the mountain there why is long form something that's calling to you you know I think I mean it's a lot of reasons I feel it's kind of tough saying it but I think that they simply put I don't see that much more growth for me in shorts like sure I can start averaging like a 100 million views but it's like the real growth and fun is going to come from learning long form CU it's all about the journey you know it's like um it sounds so bad to say but I feel like I've already achieved my goal for like for shorts you know and it's like I I want to you know challenge myself again I just don't feel like I'm challenging myself with shorts this is a guess in short yeah no it's valid I your your reasons are your reasons they're totally valid I was I was I was wondering if it had anything to do with like is a relationship to the audience different in long form I'm sure there's more money in long form and I was wondering if those were part of the decision or if it was just a you know time to climb a new Mountain type situation I will say as ironic as it sounds money is not the reason why like when I first like started my entrepreneurship journey I was like money is everything right but then when I I started YouTube I realized like it doesn't matter how much I'm making like I'm just doing this so money like it's crazy as funny as it sounds because my content is all about money I don't even care Oh much I'm thinking it's funny as it sounds it's weird how it works but yeah is yeah the yeah it's just I think I think there is a better relationship with the viewer I feel like it's just it's just more it's more it's more personal you know like you guys are spending more time together for sure I think it is like a time spent situation like I feel like we really build trust as a function of time spent and the more spent time you spend with somebody like the more of a relationship you build relationships are built on trust curious if you think that your shorts audience will transition into long form or if you're thinking about you know the audience themselves the same like are these long form videos also going to be for your 10-year-old nieces it's it's a different audience you know it's really funny I want to tell this story because I thought it was absolutely hilarious and it's just going to open up like because to me it was it was huge I had a little cousin uh visit my house it was the first time I ever met her because she was also from another country and she she's like seven years old she came to my house first thing she said I'm cousins with a famous YouTuber it was so funny then the second thing she said she was like telling me how like she loves my shorts and she was like you know what you should check out I was like I was on YouTube and I noticed like they have these like horizontal videos that are like shorts but just like long and I was like that's crazy that's crazy that type of thing breaks my mind it's like it's like the videos where it's like we ask listen to and it's like insert bandn from my childhood here and like this is bad exactly it was one of those moments where it realized it opened it it was like that those are really two different audiences cuz there's some people who probably don't even know long forms are a thing and vice versa some people that don't even know shorts or thing then there's the people that know both so I know I'm going to get you know I'm not going to get all of my audience I have had some audience transition but yeah that's where I'm at and you think that's a is that a YouTube thing or is that an audience preference thing I think it's an audience preference thing for sure yeah I think YouTube's doing like as funny as it sounds because I feel like a lot of shorts creators like oh I feel so bad saying this CU I'm not one of them but I'm calling them out like there's shorts creators who have like a million subscribers and then they don't even get like a thousand views on a long form and then they're like it's YouTube's fault yeah but like in reality it's like their fault you know like um I average like 10 million views on shorts and then long forms I'm averaging like 50k views you know so it's like I think they're doing a pretty good job at like transitioning them just obviously not everyone's going to transition all right last question which I love to ask people is there anything that you believe to be true and we can relate it to YouTube or shorts but you don't yet have data to support oh there's there's a couple I'm trying to think what I should I think I got a good one I'm going to say two okay because I'm there's two that are really good bonus I think sharability really matters but I haven't done enough like analysis on that yet but I'm sure I can do my own analysis it's it's very tough because there's a lot of factors to that that come into play because you know I could argue this video has a lot of shares that's why I blew up but then I could also just argue that the retention was high so do you really know I I don't know so that that's my Hench I think sharability really does help although I will say like one of my shorts it has like such high shares it has like what was it like the shares to view ratio it's 20% Which is extremely high that seems very high and the scroll through rate is like 92% which is insane and it's probably because the shares are are that high and then my second hunch is that retention doesn't matter as much as people think it does say more it's very interesting because I have a lot of friends like who will send me their retention graphs or like their data their analytics and there's people like within like a similar amount of impressions as me like their retention will be so much higher than mine like there's friends like they would have like a 40 second short that has like 100k views and over 100% retention and I'm like oh my gosh this video is going to get like 10 million views and like it's it's not even Niche either but then it never it never does that but then for me like yeah like for me what's crazy is like you know I I've had a short before where I had like 70% retention on the first 100K views which is like really bad like really really bad for shorts and it still got like 10 million views because it was like all returning viewers you know so it's like I just have a hunch that like you know like I don't know I don't know what it is what what how they're measuring it it's just viewer satisfaction it can't it can't just be retention you know [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jay [265 likes]: Grow Your Podcast on YouTube Workshop: https://creatorscience.co/play
  2. @Fricking.Website: While I can't make anything go viral, I do know something about being at the right place at the right time.
  3. @DeliciosobyJess: Gracias YouTube y a todos mis seguidores! 🫶✨
  4. @itseasypeezyy: I'm new creater, this will be beneficial for me  ...INSHAA Allah
  5. @BelloHappyTime: The best thing about this girl is that she resembles my kids, she is so funny, I love her story about the free laundry detergent, that is something I would do and a great idea for a video, she is amazing really. She will get really far because I was always like that and I am not a millionaire but I live a pretty good life :) God Bless her
  6. @KluckNorris: I bet you can't make my youtube shorts go viral, I've been on youtube 11 years and have 60 subscribers... lol
  7. @Studio81000: i like this girl
  8. @MeroArt_youtube: Her passion shows insane knowledge. Brawo
  9. @TheCooMan: 13:54 not me watching as a landscape creator 😅
  10. @DigitalMediaGalaxy01: nice vid 💪💪
  11. @BibleStoriesforEveryone-t6s: Make my video go viral!
  12. @vid4ia583: She said nothing is so many words = whatever she said ONLY works for her. Very nebulous explainer.
  13. @chronaion: Channel growth is a journey through the labyrinth of time. Fascinating, unpredictable, and worth every second.
  14. @theboredthedorkthebrokethedog: I wonder why her shorts are not getting much views now.
  15. @Ranger4-1-7-1: Guys n girls ATTENTION!
Studies showin that
every Short u see, its rottening ur  Attention for reality!

This is a real dangerous matter for real intelligence!

But ppl make a huge mistake by thinking they would have a win through a short look, but cant imagine anymore who they would be without this damage...ok u can decide  personal to watch or not, but is it really like that? 
No! Because now 18y old girls takin advantage of it! Like usual😅

But in a proffesional way

So for the health of the hole society, its shrinkin short by short and who goes out with real eyes and life experience can observe the difference!

Of course its a cute girl, but dont underestimate cute girls, they know how to manipulate in a determined way!
  16. @RabiaSani-d6p: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  17. @SmileyRN06: This was a great interview. Great questions and she was very open! 🎉 thanks!
  18. @IRUNTHISPLACE: Is anybody else thinking “Make me go viral”
I ran across the UK/Scottish border for a video and got 8 views 😂
  19. @kidjet: She’s so cool
  20. @raakgu: She's misunderstanding the retention metric and the swipe away metric.

Swipe away means did the user swipe past without watching your Short.

Retention means out of only those people who began watching your Short, what percentage of the video length did they make it to before swiping away.

The retention can be greater than 100% if your average viewer watches your video into the loop of it starting over.

Not because it relates to swipe away metric in any way.

- How YouTube Wants You to Make Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en Going viral with YouTube shorts has nothing to do with luck and everything to do with strategy. So, if you want to see explosive growth with your YouTube shorts this year, you need to master these two metrics that YouTube really cares about. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what you should measure, monitor, and improve to make your shorts go viral. So, whenever you post a YouTube short, is this a problem that you see? Do most of your shorts maybe look like this where you have like a spike in views at the beginning. It begins to flatline. You maybe get a couple thousand views, maybe a couple hundred. You get your one subscriber and your 41 cents of YouTube ad revenue, right? So, it kind of is underwhelming and you're like, why did I spend all this time making a short? But more specifically, you're wondering like about this weird thing at the beginning. Why does this happen? Right? You get this spike in views at the beginning and then it just completely flatlines. Well, something actually is happening in here that's really important. And this is called the trial phase. So YouTube is actually testing your video, your short in the first 24 to 48 hours. And this is an example and a case study of what that might look like in the first day. So we can see this is a video that I posted on my personal YouTube channel. And within the first hour, we get a little spike in views. It's not much, but YouTube is testing this with an initial wave of audience. Maybe my subscribers, maybe a few people that don't subscribe to me as well. And that's the first test. And actually with this video, there was a couple tests. Now, you won't always see two tests in the first, you know, couple days of your video. You might only see one test, but it did send it through a second wave of testing here at about hour 18 of this video being live. And within the first 24 hours, it did 10,000 views, got 13 subscribers and 36 cents in ad revenue. I'm rolling in it with that 36 cents, let me tell you. But of course, the question is, what is YouTube testing during this trial phase? Well, they're actually testing two key metrics that we're going to deep dive into this video and talk about how you can improve them. The first is swipe away rate and the second is average percentage viewed. These are absolutely the two most important metrics you need to know about if you want your shorts to go viral. So, let's spend some time deep diving into swipeway rate and how we can improve this metric. So, what even is swipeway rate, right? So, it measures how quickly a viewer is swiping away from your short. And if you're a Tik Tok user, if you use Instagram reels or even YouTube shorts, you've you've done the doom scroll, right? Where you're sitting there, you're going through video after video, but YouTube is actually measuring all this data. So if you are presented with a video in front of you, and within like a second you decide, ah, no, this video is not for me, and you swipe away, that is the swipeway rate. So you want a low swipeway rate percentage. If too many people are leaving within the first two to three seconds, YouTube is going to stop pushing that video to the broader YouTube community and your short is not going to pick up any steam. If you have a high swipeway rate, meaning a lot of people are swiping away from your video and not choosing to watch it, you have a very, very low chance of virality. Now, here's a couple examples of some swipeway percentages. So, on the left side here, we have what I call like the icebergs. You see the icebergs over here? It's cold. You don't want to see these percentages. Over 52% of people are choosing to swipe away. So over half of people when they're presented with that short are like, "Nah, this short's not for me. I'm going to swipe away to the next one." On the inverse though, these fire emojis over here, this is a fire swipeway percentage. Over 72% of people are choosing to view and only 28% are choosing to swipe away. So ideally, you want low swipeway rates that are going to increase your chances of virality. A basic rule of thumb here. If you can get 70% of people to view your short instead of swipe away, so keeping that swipe away below 30% is going to be really helpful. A quick word from today's sponsor, Riverside. Riverside is a platform that lets you capture studio quality content from anywhere. I'm literally recording in my home office right now and my kids are going crazy downstairs. And this still all looks and sounds really good because Riverside can record up to 4K video with uncompressed audio. It's also super easy to record and collaborate with guests. They don't need to download any apps. They can just tap a link on their browser and then they instantly are ready to start recording. One of my favorite features is the separate audio and video tracks for each speaker. This is a lifesaver. If your guest's dog starts barking or their kids start running in, you can actually just mute their audio track in particular without messing up your audio. And Riverside doesn't just stop at recording. It also has a very easy built-in editing workflow that's flexible and really fast. You can even edit by deleting words in the transcript, and the video will update automatically. Plus, right after recording, you can generate captions and clips optimized for YouTube shorts, Tik Toks, and Instagram reels, all directly in the app. It's the ultimate all-in-one tool for content creation. And so if you're a creator or business owner at any stage who wants professional quality without the headache, you've got to check out Riverside. So if you want to give it a try, go ahead and visit the link down in the description and use code think media at checkout to get one month free of their pro plan. Now that brings us to the second very important metric, which is average percentage viewed. And basically average percentage viewed or APV as the abbreviation would be is pretty straightforward. It's how much of your short people are actually watching. And YouTube specifically wants them to watch 80% or more of the total runtime of that short. So if viewers are not sticking around for long enough, YouTube's just going to decide this short is not engaging. It's not retaining people's attention. And that's like the number one goal of YouTube. They want people to spend time on the platform. So if they're only watching like a few seconds of your video, YouTube's not going to serve up that video to many more people. We do have a couple examples we can show you. The iceberg's return on the left side. This is numbers we don't want to see, right? We don't want to see a 52% average percentage view. That means they're only watching about half of our short and then they're swiping on to the next short. We don't want to see that. On the inverse though, look at the fire emojis are back. We got a 95% average percentage viewed. So, if the average view duration, you can see right here, is 26%. That means that this video's total runtime is probably only about 27 seconds or 26 and a half seconds and they're watching almost the entire thing. Now, we can look at this data all we want, but there's no better way to learn than looking at some successful short examples and learning from those. So, let's take a look at this one right here from the main Think Media channel. This short got 4.8 million views, got us 4,000 subscribers and a couple hundred in ad revenue. But, let's check it out. >> Have you guys heard of that channel, Dad? How do I do you guys know how many subscribers he got in his first month? 1 million subscribers in his first month. The guy's in his mid-50s. So, he says, "Today, I'm going to show you what to do if you have a leak in the plumbing." What a sweet man. I love this man. Secretly, I have no clue how to fix my plumbing when it leaks. Other people need to watch this as well. Cool. For that, the mission is more about I wish I had a father like him growing up that taught me how to do this, right? People connect with that. People connect emotionally to a mission. >> I love this short. I think it's a great example of different tactics you can apply like split screen effects or captioning or an engaging story. So, there's reasons why, and we'll talk about those in just a few minutes as to why this video went viral. But we can look at those back-end analytics and see it's got a 98% average percentage viewed as well as only a 25% swipe away rate. Here's another example from my personal channel that did 220,000 views and got me a couple hundred subscribers. And this is also like a different style. It's more of like a joke. This video is a joke, by the way. I don't actually need to bring this many cameras to a wedding, but you'll see. These are all the cameras I have to bring for a wedding. Instax Mini because I mean, come on, it's a wedding. The Sony A1 because I want the best for my clients. Full-size Instaxs because widescreen rules. RX100 for super high frame rate. An EX6 because I need a camera for YouTube reviews. Another Instax because these things are so unreliable. A Super Eight film camera because clients think it's cool. A backup Super Eight because these are also unreliable. An A6000 for the Grimsman that thinks he's a photographer. A full-size VHS camera because I can charge more. And whatever other cameras will fit in my bag. Honestly, I usually only bring like two or three cameras to a wedding at most, but I just thought this would be a funny concept and would drive retention, and it absolutely did. Average percentage viewed, 96.5%. And again, we're right around the same swipeway percentage with only 25% choosing to swipe away. Here's one more example from one of our Video Ranking Academy students. Her name is Deianne. And if you did not know, we actually have an online course called Video Ranking Academy where we teach you the best strategies for growing on YouTube and monetizing your channel and having a sustainable business model. And if you're curious about joining other creators like Deianne in our video ranking academy course, you can check out thinkv.com or I'll also link it down in the description below so you can check that out. >> I love a good whitening toothpaste and I have my Philips Sonicare toothbrush. So let's see a little before and after. All right. What do you think? Actually, it does look whiter. That's pretty awesome. Plus, I like the taste of it. I'm not a big super mint person, and this one's like a light mint flavor. So, I like it. I think you're going to like it, too. >> I love this short from Dan because it is so simple. It's just her kind of brushing her teeth, but it did 80,000 views, which is above her channel average in terms of shorts views. So, the question is like, why did this short perform well and other shorts don't necessarily perform well? Well, for her, there's these three reasons that I could identify, and we're going to deep dive into some of these strategies here in just a minute. But some quick things about Deian short here is that it does show like this transformative piece. There's a before and after. She starts brushing her teeth with the whitening toothpaste and then she smiles and you see like her super bright white smile. So, it like establishes that authority figure too of like, oh, she actually has really white teeth, so maybe this whitening toothpaste does work. It gives you that reason to stick to the end too because you want to see that transformative piece. And it also speaks to the common pain point of everybody wants brighter teeth. And I think Deian's like target audience is like maybe like anti-aging women in their like 30s, 40s, 50s around there. So that is a pretty niche audience. But the beauty of this reel is everybody wants wider teeth. So this speaks to both men and women alike. Like I'm a man who's 29 years old. I'm not her target audience at all. But I still find this short interesting because I want wider teeth. Like, who doesn't want a nice bright smile? Now, somebody we've had on the podcast before is named Brendan Kaine, and he's a social media strategist, an author, and content creator himself. And he would classify this in his book, The Guide to Going Viral, as what's called the generalist principle. So, this is making your content universally accessible, capturing the attention of the broadest possible audience. And we think Deian did this so well right here. And this is something that you got to think about for your shorts as well. I know something we teach at Think Media here is to like niche down, answer specific questions for exactly who your target audience is. And while that is still a winning strategy, especially for YouTube long form, if you want to succeed and have shorts that go mega viral and do hundreds of thousands or millions of views, you have to apply this generalist principle and make your content more accessible to people from different demographics and niches, etc. So, a challenge for you if you want to make your shorts go viral is how can you make a short with the broadest possible appeal that's still going to honor and resonate with your core audience? That is the perfect type of short for you to make on your personal channel. Now, those are some great examples, but I do want to dive into some more strategy and growth tips for shorts with specific use cases for how you can improve some of these swipeway rates and average view percentages that we're talking about. So, some common causes though of a high swipeway rate are these things. You might have a weak hook. Like your first one to two seconds of your short is just not engaging. Maybe you have like a bunch of dead space at the beginning and it's not very snappy. So hooks are so vitally important. Like that first second, first one to two seconds is essential for getting high views. It also might be confusing or like lacking clarity. And I see this especially with like people who repurpose podcast episodes. They'll like repurpose a portion of the episode that really needs context in order to understand what's going on, but they'll just like repurpose a random section and it's a little bit confusing. Those kinds of videos often lead to pretty high swipeway rates. Also, your short just might be a little bit low quality, like you didn't film on a high quality phone or camera, or your resolution is poor, things like this, or the audio sounds really bad. Those could be indicators. But a little note here is it's not always an indicator of like downward or poor performance if you have a lowquality short. If your story is really good or it's like a crazy like news clip or something, those shorts can still go viral. But oftentimes we'll see people just make videos in their home and the lighting is really bad and it just looks pretty grainy. So that could be an indicator as to why your swipeway rate is high. Now, if you want to improve your swipeway rate, here are some things you can do. Think about the first frame of video. Is your first frame interesting? Is it visually pleasing? Is it funny or strange? Like look at this first frame of this short I found over here to the right. There's like a nurse hugging a tree and then it says up top like I looked outside to find my dad trying to save his favorite tree from a windstorm. It's like this is a very weird situation. Like why is this guy in his scrubs and he's holding on to a tree in a windstorm? Like is the tree going to fall on him? This is very interesting. It's like I want to keep watching this video and you can see hundreds of thousands of likes, millions of views, lots of comments. So this is a winning first frame. Some other first frames that I found interesting over here on the left is like putting a 360° camera on a leaf. Like that's a weird idea. Like what actually happens when you do that? Like does the leaf look like it's just floating all around in the air? I thought that was kind of interesting. The middle one here is fascinating. It's got a little title card up top that says engineer built himself a bionic hand after losing four fingers. And right now it's just showing the back side of the hand, but you sort of want to like you want to know what happens. Does he flip the hand over? And like are his fingers really missing? It creates curiosity and a desire to watch till the end of the short to see how this all unfolded. And then the one on the right is just a farmer who's going to mow some grass, but it is just like visually pleasing to see like you're in the middle of the action right now. A little bit of the grass is mowed so far, but not the entire thing. So, I want to see like how does he actually go about mowing this whole thing. It's almost like there's a timer on screen, but the timer is like the grass and you want to see the entire grass get mowed. So, these are three really interesting first frames of video and you can think about how you could make your first frame of content interesting and compelling to drive better swipeway percentages. And then, of course, there is the hook. Like, how did you hook the viewer into getting them interested in watching your video in the first place? And I have a few examples I do want to show you right here. So, let's watch this video. And we're just going to watch like the first two seconds of these videos to show you how these videos were successful. And boom, that's the hook. It's two seconds in length and there's literally a lion jumping on top of a man and it's like what just happened? Is this dude gonna get eaten? Is he gonna die? Like what's going on? But if you let this video play out, you'll actually see that this is a story of a man who raised this line up since it was a young cub. So there's a story, there's an emotional element here. So this video did really well and it has a great hook. Our second example is for a university that I actually work for and we produced this short that did a couple million views and let's watch the hook together. Why were there even Confederate monuments? Were those all erected by the South in order to celebrate their lost cause? >> So really the hook there is like why And people from all walks of life, not just historians, but anybody who like has a basically a high school education who's learned about the Civil War would be wondering, yeah, why are there Confederate monuments? It is kind of a weird thing. Like why do they exist? And so in this episode, we were interviewing a historian who walks through the actual reasons as to why these Confederate monuments were there in the first place. So it's a minute long short and got a really good average percentage viewed and swipeway rate because of a compelling hook. This last example I think is hilarious. It's literally just seven dogs getting ready to jump out of a plane. And that is literally all the hook is. It's just these dogs like they're right there. Are they actually going to jump out of a plane? I have to know this. Like I I need to know. Do these dogs jump? So, those are all examples of shorts that actually performed really well and had low swipeway rates. Now, let's look at some ways we can improve our average percentage viewed. So, this really is first and foremost just weak storytelling. So, there's no clear payoff potentially in your video. Like, nobody knows why they're watching. They maybe watch four or 5 seconds and there's no payoff. There's maybe too much dead space or no pattern interruptions. Like, there's no B-roll or no text coming on screen to sort of keep the viewer engaged. Additionally, you might not have captions on your screen. And it's really important to know that 60 to 85% of viewers who watch shorts are watching vertical video without the sound on. So, if you're not having captions on your video, you're missing out on like 60 to 85% of the population who wouldn't even know what's happening because they don't have the captions available to them to view. And third, you might have also poorly formatted the video for vertical viewing. And maybe you like repurposed a horizontal video for vertical. And here's an example on screen. My kids love these YouTubers, good news guys. It's like Bible stories for kids. But you can see over here like they put like goodnewsguys.com down below where like their title card and the subscribe button is. You can't even see that. And then the vertical video is not even filling the frame. So it's just kind of a messy short and it didn't perform very well because of that. So whenever you can, you want to format your vertical videos as best as possible for the vertical viewing experience. Now, I already mentioned one of these books, The Guide to Going Viral. But another book by Brendan Kane that I found really helpful is Hook Point as well. So, a couple books by him. We'll link those down in the description below. If you really want to get serious about hooking viewers better and improving your storytelling, these are some awesome ways that you can do that. Now, one of the things that Brendan Kane talks about in his books is that social media has sort of developed these different formats that you can apply to increase your average percentage viewed. And really all a format is are like these proven video structures that help a viewer know what to expect when they're deciding to watch your video for longer than 3 seconds or so. So some common formats that maybe you've seen emerge on social media in the past year or so are first what he calls the two characters one light bulb format. And I'll show you an example of that right here. >> I tried freezing motion with my flash but it's still blurry. What am I doing wrong? Let me guess. You're focused on shutter speed right? Yeah. Doesn't that fast? So, as you can see, it's one creator, but he's playing both sides of the coin. He's playing the beginner as well as the pro and answering the questions that the beginner has. So, this is a proven format that's really viral right now and something you can apply to your own channel. This format has been around forever. It's the viral video reaction plus commentary. So, it's just you as a creator reacting to some sort of viral clip. It could be a news clip. It could be a cooking clip like this video is right here. Let's check it out. Frozen meat. Here we go. Wait. Frozen meat straight into pan. What? and the garlic on their nose. Taco seasoning. What? So, yeah, this is a super fun format that you could explore. And there's one more format I wanted to show you, which is the power of this, which is kind of just like starting seemingly boring stuff potentially that you can turn and spin into a really interesting thing by using the power of this thing only cost $69. This strategy will take your channel from 0 to a,000 subscribers. It's the power of this. Let's watch Anthony right here demonstrate that. This is a two terbte hard drive. This is a two terbyte solidstate drive. And this is a two terbte NVME drive. This is a great example of maybe a seemingly boring topic like hard drives can be kind of interesting if you format it in the right way. And the key here is that each of these creators are actually using the same format over and over again and they're mastering that one format to generate millions of views. You don't have to try 17 different formats. you can actually maybe try to just master one or two formats and find repeatable success in your content strategy by just mastering a couple. So that's kind of a challenge for you. Like what one or two formats could you maybe explore and do some research on in your own niche that could lead to that repeatable success for your channel. So that's a basic overview of the two most important metrics to make your short succeed. Swipe away rate and average percentage viewed. If you can master these two things and continue to improve those metrics, you're going to find success with your short strategy. And if you're serious about growing on YouTube this year, you should definitely check out our online course, Video Ranking Academy, that I'll link right here at this end card. And if you want to check out another video from us here at Think Media, you can click or tap the screen right

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [12 likes]: Let's be real, nailing the first 3 seconds of a Short is tough. What part of the process trips you up the most? Let us know below! ⬇
🎥 Ready to record? Use code THINKMEDIA to get your first month of Riverside Pro free ➡ https://creators.riverside.com/thinkmedia3
🔥 Want the complete roadmap to YouTube growth? Get the proven strategies for YouTube mastery inside our course here 👉  http://thinkVRA.com
  2. @Rankmonsta-s5z [1 likes]: Thanks mate! Very helpful!
  3. @kellyroberts6984 [1 likes]: Wow, best Shorts growth video that I've watched! You explained it all so clearly. Thank you!
  4. @Jacydesignart [1 likes]: Lots of good, important info, thank you!
  5. @SpreadTheGospel0 [1 likes]: Let’s grow
  6. @JakeoftheWoods [1 likes]: Great video and information, I just posted my first 2 shorts today! thank you for the help!
  7. @YArtemida [1 likes]: An example for those who show themselves in videos. I'd like to know how to make a short music video where you don't show yourself, but just upload music!?
  8. @theearthling8178: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @CollectCreateCollaborate: Thanks
  10. @Virgo2024: Just be authentic.
  11. @RyyKnows-R18: Nice
  12. @maxwolfbolt7259: I hope everything works out
  13. @MehtaKyaKehta: People are getting ad revenue from Shorts?
  14. @crescitaly: The breakdown of swipe-away rate vs average percentage viewed is incredibly helpful. I've been creating shorts for a while and always wondered why some would get that initial spike and then flatline. Now I understand the trial phase concept much better. The generalist principle from Brendan Kane's book is a great insight too — finding that sweet spot between niche-specific content and broad appeal is really the key to unlocking massive views on shorts. One thing I've noticed from testing my own shorts is that the first frame genuinely matters more than most people think. I started treating my first frame like a thumbnail and my swipe-away rate dropped significantly. For anyone watching who's just getting started with shorts and struggling with that early stage where YouTube barely pushes your content, building up some initial engagement on your channel can help the algorithm take your shorts more seriously during those trial phases. I used Crescitaly to establish credibility on my accounts when starting out, and it helped my early shorts get past that initial testing phase more consistently. Combined with the strategies Think Media is teaching here about mastering hooks and retention, the growth really starts to compound. Saving this video for reference!
  15. @emotionalstories.100: I have learnt a lot from this video. Would recommend it
  16. @staticlesss0: 😢😢yt
  17. @thespookymoose: The Spooky Moose will be the next big scary story channel
  18. @ViralCherriesYT: if it has nothing to do with luck and everything to do with strategy what about videos with near 1:1 like ratios and comments, watch rates 90%+ but youtube stops showing it?
  19. @Codjd1: Let’s grow faster!
  20. @reneepelk77094: ❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😊

- Short-Form Expert: "Going Viral Isn't Luck." I Make $1M/Month With 31 Second Videos: Kind: captions Language: en Today's guest has cracked the code of short form content. At 15 years old, he made half a million dollars a month from faceless Snapchat shows using his viral content formulas. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve? But just after he dropped out of high school, the platform banned his channels overnight, nearly leading him to give up on everything. Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time, just reposting it. >> Dude, we had a video that made us like 700. Instead, he doubled down on his craft, perfecting videos on every platform and co-founding Crayo, an AI tool that helps other creators master short form content. If you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on social media, you can turn anything viral. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on YouTube shorts. I did it on software. I did it on a personal brand. I've done it on Minecraft channels. People over complicate this way too much. In this episode, we'll unveil the viral blueprint that's generated him billions of views, explore the psychological triggers that keep viewers hooked, and discuss how his next business is on track to overthrow Facebook. You think you guys are going to be bigger than Facebook? Daniel Baton, welcome to the Jackal podcast. >> I'm very happy to be here. >> I know, man. Guys, Daniel and I have known each other for since he was 15 years old. Uh he's 18 now, right? You're about to turn 19 pretty soon. I'm turning 19 in April, so in a while. So, Daniel, you just turned 18. How much money did you make last month? >> So, last month we probably did over $2 million. We've closed just at the start of this month over eight figures in deals. So, I don't really want to mention exactly the numbers yet, but we're in the seven figures a month right now across the companies. >> How about you for yourself? Personally, I probably did just under like $700,000 last month. >> Just as far as like the two million number, like how did you what are all the sources of revenue for you? >> Yeah, so they span across like four different sources of income. >> Number one would be my software company, Crayo. Number two would be my course. Number three would be my YouTube shorts channels. And then number four is content. >> You know, how many followers do you think you've gained on social media? probably easily above 20 million followers. Um, 90% of those, no one knows who those accounts are. Um, all faceless. On my own brands, I've probably gotten around like a million followers across all my pages, but yeah, most of it is faceless. So, walk me through exactly like what the numbers are like YouTube shorts channels, Instagram, Tik Tok, Snapchat shows. Like, if you had to like dig into your memory, like where are all the followers from? >> Yeah. So, when I first started like really going crazy on social media at 15, the first time I ever got like a real amount of followers was when I started my first YouTube shorts channel called Slam Dunk. We got that to a million subscribers in 6 months. That was kind of the first time that popularity started rising around YouTube shorts and making faces content around that platform. And we kind of just cracked the code there. Started going really crazy on content that we were posting and we were one of the fastest growing YouTube channels on YouTube shorts at one point. gaining like over 50,000 subscribers a day. After that, we went over to Snapchat shows. Those were like two to three minute videos on the platform and I think in around 6 months we gained over 20 million followers. On just one of our pages we had 9 million followers and so we kind of understood a few different methods at the time on how to really rank for followers because followers were really big um on the platform and they would kind of push your videos as well. And so we optimized for followers and views. So that was the next platform. After that, I started more YouTube shorts accounts. Across those, we've gotten to probably around another like 4 million subscribers. And then kind of one of the biggest ways we gained followers were through our promotional accounts under my software company, Crayo.ai. So we would start faceless organic short form pages on Instagram, Tik Tok, and run them up to promote the company. those pages just naturally have a few million followers just because of how many views we got that converted to our software. Um, I'm not exactly sure of that number. And then after that, I then started my personal brand. On YouTube, I have almost 200,000 subscribers. On Instagram, across all my pages, I have roughly around half a million followers. And then on Tik Tok, across all my pages, I probably have another half a million followers. >> It's It's really fascinating. So, your old partner was Luke, right? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. Um, I'll dive into this a bit later, the whole Snapchat thing. Uh, I do want to talk about shorts first, but I'm pretty sure that the way we met was you and your partner, um, another guy named and his partner and then me and my partner, uh, like all consistently like had the number one shows on Snapchat like every single day. Um, we were kind of just competing against each other. There was probably some other people we didn't know about. Um, or maybe you know the names of them. >> Dude, if I remember correctly, there was like a top 15 ranking for shows and we owned like 15 as a group out of the 15 top shows. And so >> you Luke did? >> Yeah. Like for the top 10, we know that we owned like seven out of the top 10. And then amongst you and then the other people that were in the group, they owned the rest. And so we genuinely had Snapchat in our hands at one point. and you couldn't go on the platform and not see our pages on the front page. >> Yeah, that was an interesting time period. Um, and I remember getting on a call with you for the first time and uh you being like you were 15 and you were just telling me stuff that like I as a content creator for like several years now. I was like, "Oh, I didn't realize that. Oh, I didn't realize that." I was like, "This kid is smart." But, uh, yeah, I'm not surprised at the point that you've ended up in your career uh with the success you've had. So on social media, what's the single biggest misconception people have about going viral? >> I think people think going viral is consistency when I don't agree with that. I think a lot of people think that you have to be consistent. You have to post a lot of content. And there's a big misconception that that's what equates to virality. And although like that is a factor to it, I think people don't prioritize making genuinely good videos enough. And so I've kind of understood from running a ton of pages to a ton of different types of verticals. So like trying to promote a software company or trying to funnel to a program or whatever it may be, just trying to get views. Quality beats quantity, I think, pretty much every single time. And the reason I say this is this is a Mr. Beast philosophy. One really good video that takes a month to make can get you 50 million views versus four not as good videos that you output get to like a mill or 5 mil. And so I personally really prioritize quality on everything I do. And that's just always what I've been ingrained with with pretty much every single channel I've ever ran. But you can have really good quality with really good quantity. You just need to be able to track and kind of crack that method. And that's why building a good team that can output the quality that you want at the amount of times you want to upload. But I think quality is a very big metric that a lot of people undermine. I get a lot of people coming to me and being like, "Yo, I've posted for the last 3, four months. I haven't seen any results. It's because your videos are ass. Like your videos are ass. So you are not going to see results. You know what I'm trying to say? It's like focus on quality and that's going to get you to where you want to be. Whether it be views, converting to your product. Quantity is cool, but quantity without any quality behind it isn't going to get you anywhere. I 100% agree with this. I guess my only push back is when people say that quantity breeds quality. And as someone that's so young, I mean, you put a lot of reps in as far as editing people's content, but like how are you able to just start with quality? It's calculated. So, you start without knowing anything. You don't know what you don't know. But a lot of people like to post and then not trying to improve on the videos that they're making and keep going at the same formula. That's the wrong way. You should post as much as you physically can, but learn from every single thing you put out. Track the metrics. Look at the back end. Look at the comments. Try to figure out how to get better. Just posting and putting output is not going to get you anywhere. I put a lot of output out when I was 12, 13. I would edit for these creators and I started my own channels. The first like four channels I had completely flopped. And it's because I would try to post a lot, but I didn't really have any strategy behind what I was doing. Once I started like talking to more people who had more experience, and this is the biggest thing I did as a video editor, which I think was like a big reason as to why I started learning how to make really good videos. I would ask a lot of questions to my clients about how they would make the videos because I was in charge of one section of creating the content and that was just the post-production final part before it goes out to the public. But they would be in charge of the pre-production, figuring out the script, figuring out the concept, figuring out the thumbnails. And these are things that I would not really know anything about, but I would ask questions because I just knew trying to gain as much information before I started myself would be a really big edge versus everyone else. So, to be honest with you, I definitely wasn't the best when I started posting. But I knew a lot more than the average person did before I put out my first video just because I would ask so many questions to people who had track records of putting out quality videos and getting millions of views. If you had to give like an action that you would recommend for someone starting a new channel, would it be along the lines of post 30 videos and try to learn from each one or would it be like take a course, study YouTuber, put a lot of effort into two videos for one month? Like what would you do now? This is what I would say. If we're talking about YouTube shorts specifically, I would tell someone to post one video a day in a niche that they see someone else succeeding in. You want to take the person that you see succeeding and try to improve upon their videos. So, there's three metrics that I like to look at to improve upon people's videos. Can you make the videos longer? Can you make them higher quality? And can you improve on the concepts? I think longer videos on YouTube shorts really play a big role in how YouTube pushes them out. I see a lot of really good channels posting like 25 to 30 second videos, which is fine, but I've gone in and then gone to 45se secondond videos on the same concept. This gives that audience more time to watch content, which they want to do. They want to absorb more content that they actually like. And YouTube promote longer videos because they have more time to place your ads. And so post longer videos, improve on the quality of the videos, and it can be really small things. Like I'll just give an example. There's channels out there that post commentary videos pretty much slap Mr. Beast on the back of it and create a story line around one of his like concepts or videos or whatnot. All of their subtitles are in white. Okay. I would look at that and I would be like, "Okay, whenever I say like a word like hate or scam or like one of those impact words, I would make it red. I would just add any little inputs I could to a specific video to try to give the viewer more visually." And these are just things I think about when I try to copy a competitor that's doing well and try to replicate it for myself. And so sometimes it's not super obvious, but sometimes it is. If someone's making 30 second videos, try to make 45se secondond videos. If someone's quality clips are in 720p, but they're still getting millions of views, try to make yours in 1080p. You know what I'm trying to say? Like there's always little things that you can improve upon, but those little things are going to give you that edge versus your competitor. And I think one of the biggest things is consistency. Like if you post for 2 weeks and try to improve for 2 weeks, don't see results and then give up. Where where is that really going to get you? You know, versus trying for 2 months and really really putting the effort into improving every single video. And so you post video on Monday, you check the stats of it on Tuesday, you see that people dropped off at the 30 secondond mark. You go back to your script. You see what you said in the 30 secondond mark. Why do people drop off here? Did I drag it on for too long? Did I give too much context? Did I not go in depth enough or did I not visually explain what I was talking about? Really psycho analyze what's going on in your video and try to improve it next time. You might not have the answer, but at least trying to fix something that you think is wrong eventually is going to lead you to what you want to find out. >> I think that's great advice about just finding little things that you can add. I think to go off of that, something I've noticed recently is that some people find things that you can remove. Yes. Right. So, a good example is I posted a podcast with Togei yesterday and I made these really highquality clips and there was a clip page on Tik Tok that just put like a little organic uh Tik Tok caption with no subtitles and all those clips took off because it looked like something people would watch on Tik Tok if that makes sense. So, they actually removed stuff which was kind of cool to see. >> Yeah. I had a friend who does around like half a million a month on YouTube, uh, long form basis channels, and he was just telling me this exact same thing. It was like, sometimes it's not about what you can add, it's about what you can remove. Because a lot of people just add a lot into their videos thinking that it's going to benefit the viewer. But a lot of people like prioritize simplicity more. And especially on the internet with short attention spans, sometimes packing more things in can actually lead to like viewer confusion and them not knowing what's really going on. And so if you look at a lot of my content that I've put out, like even on my personal brand or on my pages, like maybe we pop up a video here or something, I'll send it to you after. I like to keep things simple but very very clear. Like one of the biggest things that I talk to all the people in my program about, which like I think is the most important thing, is visually representing what you are talking about in your script. Because scripting can be amazing. You can have a really good script, really good hooks, a really good storyline, but if you're not visually representing what's going on, if you're talking about Andrew Tate or Mr. Beast grabbing a pencil, but then you show a video of him hugging someone, that is not going to visually represent what's going on. And a lot of people naturally do not think of that for some reason. They just slap clips behind a script and expect it to like get somewhere. You need to visually be representing what's going on. If you're if you say something's going bad in the video, add a red tint. Add like a sound effect. audio and visual need to match what's going on in your script because that's going to pretty much make the viewer not able to click away because they have to watch what's going on. Have you ever heard the sentiment though that uh like you should show something that's kind of the opposite of like what's being spoken about? Like if it's like Mr. Beast got really upset, you wouldn't show him like frowning, you might show him like walking away looking back or I'm trying to figure out how to explain this concept. Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I get what you're talking about, but this is the way that I use what you're talking about. So, when you show something that's the opposite of what you're saying in your script, it's for conversion tactics. And what I mean by this is like I would purposefully mispronounce Mr. Beast's name or I would purposefully make Mr. Beast smile when I said he was sad. And people would go to the comments and be like, why would you place that in the video? So, that's the times I would do it. But that's not a constant that I use throughout the entire video. Those are just little parts I plant in for engagement. What's one principle you apply to every video that almost guarantees performance? >> I don't think there's one principle that can guarantee performance, but there's definitely principles that you can apply that give you the best chance of performance. And so, one of the biggest things that I like to do in every single one of my videos that I think just gives me an edge is making sure that the storyline of the video is concrete. So, I think scripting is genuinely 80% of the work. I think scripting a really good video is going to get you way further than your competition on the same niche who don't know how to script properly. >> Hey, quick hack. If you want to make money with faceless content or YouTube shorts, so say you want to write a script, but you don't have the time to read news pages or watch full Tik Tok and YouTube videos, you can simply use today's sponsor, Poppy AI. They speed up the process by letting you connect multiple pieces of content to an AI chatbot, so you can find the most interesting parts and write scripts based off that. Plus, if you want to skip the work of perfectly writing out your videos, they have viral script templates that help you organize your research into proven formats that work. You can drag and drop videos, articles, even voice notes into the template, and it will generate ready to go viral content. My team already uses Poppy for all of our videos, so if you guys want to try it out, just go to getpoppy.ai/jackneil. They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if your videos don't go more viral, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And so, like, there's a bunch of fundamentals with scripting, like having a really good hook that gets the viewer to understand what the concept is about without revealing the payoff. And then you go in to the second supporting hook, and then you go into the context of the video. You have a rehook. And so, what a rehook is is like, I show speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just give you an example. I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. Last week, I show Speed competed in a Mr. Beast tournament to win $10 million. And then you add context to what happened in the challenge and you're like, "But why would this make I show speed hate Mr. Beast?" And then you add that right before you give the payoff. And so these are just some basic scripting fundamentals. But I think scripting is genuinely one of the biggest things people need to start focusing on to make better videos. And I feel like not a lot of them do. They just find a really good concept which intrinsically could go viral. It's a viral concept, but then they script it really badly and their videos don't get anywhere. And so I've always just put priority on making the script and the storyline really, really good in all of my videos, whether it be 20 seconds or 10 minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Something I noticed when I reviewed your scripts when my partner and I were trying to break down like yours versus ours was like one I think you were doing the voiceovers at the time and it was like or maybe there's some other channel uh where it was like a younger kid doing the voiceovers and it was like okay well Jackie your voice is too deep like and sounds too proper for kids to want to listen to like it sounds like they're listening to like some science thing but this sounds like just like your friend you know um that was one thing and then how do you think about like the language you use? I feel like I think really basic advice is write your scripts at a fifth grade reading level, but I believe that there's some more nuance to it. Like do you >> There is more nuance. Tell me about that. >> So the way your tonality speaks when you're reading your script is super important. So unlike words that you would mention in a script, you would need to increase the pitch of your voice or decrease it. So now a lot of people script or sorry voice over with AI. I think a voice over is genuinely super important to a script because like you said when you were analyzing our content and you were talking about how your voice might be a little too deep and you're making more relatively kids content. You know what I'm trying to say? And kids are going to relate to something that keeps them a bit more upbeat. And especially like 99% of the short form content you see online, whether it be to sell programs or whether it be to make entertaining videos, you need to kind of emphasize certain words in your script to drive a certain point to let people stay. And so let's say I were to go and be like like I just spent $10,000 on a brand new plane, but it broke on me the first day. Like do you do you kind of see how my voice changes in certain areas? it gets more serious towards the end or it gets more hyped up towards the beginning. And like I feel like this is context clues. Like it's pretty intuitive to do that, but I feel like people don't think about it and they kind of just read the script as if they were a robot. AI is getting pretty good at you being able to prompt it for tonality. And so when I make my scripts with AI using an AI voice, I regenerate it like 100 times before I get to what I want to do. And there's like this pretty cool tip that I kind of do every single time I write a video. And I will kind of prompt AI sentence by sentence or even like three words by three words because it gives me more customizability to kind of regenerate and change the tonality to how I see fit. When you kind of generate AI for a whole paragraph, it's going to do its own thing for like a set of 20 words. But if you kind of give it more of a tunnel to work in, it's not going to have as much space to mess up and you can kind of regenerate in pockets. >> I guess on the writing specifically, how do you choose what words to include? Like, do you just try to think of what words are the most easily accessible to everyone on the planet or is it we're targeting like 12 to 18year-old boys. These are the words that they use. Um, let's write our script around that. Well, what you said before about having your scripts be for a fifth grade level, that's like a pretty good standard that people should be following. So, what I do, like pretty candidly, I'll put my scripts into like one of those like school websites that tells you what grade level your reading is or your writing is. And I'll always try to aim for like a fifth to eighth grade level just because even a fifth to eighth grade level could apply to a 20-year-old. It could apply to a 19-year-old because the words are simple and they get the point across. I think over complicating your wording, especially in the beginning of your video, can drive a lot of people out. You want to really easily and accessibly get people into the door. Later on in the video, you can get a bit shifty and techy with the words. You can start using a bit more complicated if needed, but it's not necessarily something that you have to do. I think just keeping it as simple as possible is the best way because a 20-year-old is going to be able to naturally lock into a video that has eighth grade wording. >> Someone who's in the eighth grade is not going to naturally be able to log into a video with college level writing. Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Right? I guess what I'm thinking of here is uh so a good viral example is uh like baby Groank just rised Livby Dunn. Um >> dude, that's a whole other level. >> Is that is that good or should it be like Baby Grank has a crush on Livy Dunn? Like if you're optimizing for virality, >> it depends what audience you're optimizing for. So like if you're making very specifically brain rot videos on TikTok towards people who love using this slang, baby Groank, just Riz Livby done is going to do the best. But like what I would do for an audience that isn't necessarily too tapped into this type of stuff and doesn't baby understand what raised Livby means, I would just be like, "Baby Grank has a massive crush on Libby Dunn, but she rejected him." Like obviously that's an example. I wouldn't really write it like that. I would probably shift around the wording a little bit, but I always tend to like to use words that everybody could understand. Like this is my theory. Sometimes it might work to not my benefit and sometimes it works to my benefit, but it's like an overarching thing. Like you do it for a long enough time, when these words go out of fashion, your videos can still blow up. So like on YouTube shorts specifically, the biggest thing I love about YouTube shorts is that a video can blow up 6 months after, one year after. I've had it happen so many times. My video gets a million views, it goes flat for 6 months, and then it gets another 2 million view spike. I think if you use words that cater to a certain time frame, that could potentially ruin that performance and ruin that ability to happen. >> I like that. So, you think of you think in terms of evergreen, most views possible, um, and then sometimes most views possible within a niche, and you might cater based off that, but that's more rare for the kind of channels you do. Um, >> and then also something you do that's really interesting is just creating faceless content that makes sense without the subtitles, and without the words. But you have a really successful channel that's like a 3D channel, I think. Yeah. Um, like what's the most views you've gotten on a video from that channel? >> Our third video got 40 million views. >> Yeah. How much money do you make with 40 million views on YouTube shorts? >> Roughly $8,000 to $10,000. >> And like how did long did that video take take you? Like what kind of video was it? Tell me about it. >> Yeah. So the video was why Asians have small eyes. And so >> genius hook by the way. Yeah. >> The concept of the channel is to be a scientific informative channel. But there was already a big guy in the niche called Zach D Films who makes massive 3D videos. He's every on social media. So we were like, "Okay, for context, I started this channel just for a YouTube video." So I was like, I really want to make a video copying a YouTube channel that makes $100,000 a month and seeing if it if I can beat him. And I didn't make $100,000 a month with a channel, but I think I proved my point. So essentially, I was like, what is my edge going to be? What's going to make me different from someone like Zach D Films who has great quality, great team, outputs video every day? Let's be controversial. Let's go a bit against the grain and let's make just as good, if not a little bit better quality videos. And I think we actually did that. We didn't post as often. We didn't make videos every single day. We made one every 3 days, but we had a very controversial angle to our videos, which I think set us apart. So, the video specifically you're talking about here about why Asians have small eyes, we're like, "Okay, this is an intrinsically viral video, people are going to like get mad at this. Some people are going to find this funny and some people are going to be genuinely curious about the topic." Because essentially, the way we scripted it is not to make fun of anyone. We genuinely explain the the science and the genetics as to why people in Asia have like different eyes to people in the West. And so what we decided to do is like who is the biggest Asian figure that we can think of that would kind of make this hook and this visual intro the most insane thing that make people not want to click off. So we got a 3D model of Kim Jong-un and put him as a 3D head in the intro. And so the intro was basically him with a subscribe sign holding and then the camera zooming out being like, "Why do Asians have such small eyes?" And him blinking. And you can go to the video right now and see the comments. There are thousands of comments as to what the hell is Kim Jong-un doing in your video? What is Kim Jong-un doing here? Like a lot of just we knew what we were doing with the comment bait and we knew what we were doing with the controversial angle. So essentially we're like why do Asians have such small eyes? And then we got straight into the topic. We talked about some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with like the retinas and like all this type of like really like deep deep scientific stuff that we got our script writer to go and kind of like research on, give us the feedback and then we would write the scripts. And that video was like maybe an 18-second video. It got third video on the channel, maybe 5 million views day one, 10 million views day two, another 10 million views day three, and it sent our channel into the stratosphere. A really cool thing. That video also got us like 400 or like 300,000 subscribers. And what we realized is in those specific type of videos, we maybe going to cater to a slightly older audience because we're talking about like more scientific things, right? And so I didn't necessarily think asking them to subscribe in the video would be the smartest thing because it would take away from them just wanting to gain the information. And so I was like, how can we fit in getting conversions to just a funny, entertaining piece of content? And so that's why in all of our videos pretty much, we have subscribe signs just plastered around the 3D animations that don't necessarily take away from the story, but kind of get people aware of the fact that, oh, maybe I should just click the subscribe button if I like this video. We never mentioned it. We never said subscribe. We just had him holding a massive subscribe sign in the video with him blinking and his head at the forefront in the middle. And it worked so well. We got so many subscribers from that video. That video made us a lot of money and it costed around like $300 to make. I really like the concept of asking letting people discover that they should subscribe uh in a subtle way over directly asking them to. Um because like if you ask people to do something, they feel like they're doing something for you, but it's like, "Oh, I discovered the subscribe." So, >> but here's the thing. I agree with what you're saying, but then in different situations, you can very easily ask people to subscribe. So, I just made a video about how to write the perfect script on YouTube. And one of the topics I covered in it was apart from visually representing a subscribe button in your videos, relating them to subscribe to the topic of the video can really do well for conversions whilst not killing your retention. So, for example, we made a video on Mr. Beast's secret janitor and essentially it was a video about how Chandler used to be Mr. Beast janitor. A lot of people started loving him in the videos and throughout the entire script we never revealed who it was until at the very end we were like, "Oh, this janitor, the janitor was Chandler." And our payoff to the video was if you knew it was him all along. Subscribe. And so we used to do that on Snapchat. Yeah. Did you come up with that originally? Had you ever seen anyone do that? >> Like I don't know if we came up with it. I don't really want to take credit for something that I don't know if I did or not 100%. All I do know is that we came up with the idea ourselves. Someone might have done it, but like I feel like we came up with the idea ourselves because one thing that I really thought we were doing during these scripts was taking the viewers through a journey. We would tell them sneak peek at who it could be. And so they were in a constant battle the entire time trying to know if they had the answer or not or if they needed us to give them the answer. And at the end we kind of reversed the game on them. We were like, "If you knew who it was the entire time, subscribe." And I feel like people have this confidence about them where it's like, "Yeah, I knew who I knew who it was the entire time. Let me hit subscribe." And so like those types of like CTAs on our channels got tons of conversions because we would relate them to the topic and we would relate them to the viewer. So it was like if you knew his channel subscriber, if you would get mad at Mr. B subscriber, if you thought Mr. Be scammed you subscribe, you know what I'm trying to say? like just relating it to the viewer and personally to them is like a really really good way to get people to convert. And I even did this like I've done this a lot on like a lot of different channels. Like I've done this even on my main personal brand channel. I always relate the conversions to the viewer because why would I relate it to myself? That's being selfish and the viewer has no real like need to help me or really want to help me. They just want to consume the value I give them and hop on to the next thing. But if you kind of give them a reason to or kind of involve them in the situation, I feel like there's a much higher chance for them to actually do what you want without them feeling like they're really doing what you want. >> Did you kill that channel or does it still run? >> We killed that channel. >> How many views did it get total? You think? >> Yeah, I think it got around half a billion. The thing with that channel is like, and the thing with all of my YouTube shorts channels is like, I've probably launched and started publicly five to six YouTube shorts channels just for YouTube video challenges. So like if people don't know what my brand is, like I'm not trying to advertise here, but essentially what I do on my brand is instead of just speaking and giving advice, I like to walk the walk whilst I talk it. And so I saw one person do this before and it was Beaheza. And I took a lot of inspiration from that and tried to apply that to my niche and what I was good at. And so on pretty much every video I would start a YouTube channel, get it to thousands of dollars or hundreds of thousands of subscribers, whatever my goal was for that piece, and essentially prove to people whilst teaching them that this is possible because it's really easy to consume information, but people really take in information when they visually see it's possible as it's being spoken to them. And so I found that was the best way to kind of represent and give the value that I wanted to provide to people, which is why I took it that way. And so yeah, like do you think those channels would still work, all the ones you killed? >> Yeah. Um, >> that $300 per video, the animation channel, like I'm assuming, so my thing that was so impressive about you doing that was I think I might be able to find an animator who could do that style, but like how much work put into that part of it? Yeah. So, we had to buy like new PCs and like stuff like that for our animators because essentially for the channel like Zach Films, who's like the biggest person in this 3D niche, is running a very big operation, posting one or two times a day. He has like a group of like five animators, 10 animators. He's probably gotten them all crazy CPUs and GPUs to upload these animations fast. And one thing I didn't realize before starting that type of channel specifically was like that's lowkey like a bit of a real business. like we got uh five $10,000 product offers on that channel to promote on Tik Tok shop. And so we had a Tik Tok variant of the YouTube channel that we just reuploaded every video we made on YouTube because we're like, "Okay, cool. Whilst I'm running this challenge, let me just add a little nugget here to the video and be like, "Yeah, we also got like 50 million views on Tik Tok," which we did. A bunch of our Tik Toks got over 20 million views individually. That that account alone has like over 200 million views on Tik Tok. By the way, Tik Tok creator program paid us nothing for those views. Let me just put that out there, by the way. Um but yeah, like we got um >> that would be like what 20K uh if it was if they were a minute long. >> Yeah, like if they were a minute long, but our videos were not a minute long. >> Did you consider just remaking that one video that really popped off a minute long or is it so much work? >> It it wasn't about the money. Um like the the thing with Tik Tok as well that I don't like is Tik Tok monetiz on a per video basis. So you could be in the creator program, but they can disqualify certain videos. Um and it's not necessarily because you're breaking guidelines. It's because of complete BS that they deem BS. So on YouTube, the thing that I genuinely like the most about YouTube is, sure, Tik Tok advertises $1 RPMs. That's great. Effectively though, almost everyone I've spoken to has ever said that they're like 10 cents or 20 cents or 30 cents. And like, okay, that's great. Let's say they're 30 cents just for the sake of this argument. You make a video that you think is really good. You post it to the Tik Tok account with the creativity program enabled and Tik Tok for some reason can deem that not eligible for monetization. With YouTube, you know that you have a consistent cadence. If you are in the YouTube partner program, every video you make is monetized and it's not going to get demonetized until you do some outlandish [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] which really never happens. It really never happens because as long as you follow the same format you did on every other video, you're safe. With Tik Tok, you could quite literally follow the same format you did on every other video, but they'll just pick and choose certain videos to demonetize and essentially that just kills your Tik Tok page. So, I really like the consistency around YouTube Shorts. And YouTube Shorts RPMs are creeping to around 30 to 40 cents per thousand views now consistently. Just a year and a half ago, they were at 12, 15 cents. And so, like, it's very visually and clearly in front of everyone that YouTube's RPM is rising. And I'm very confident in the next like year, year and a half, they're going to be a dollar, but they're going to actually be a dollar. They're not going to be 20 cents on certain videos, 40 cents on others. like you are going to have a dollar RPM channelwide which I think is the coolest part. >> And also there's no competition on YouTube compared to Tik Tok. I would imagine there's way more competition on Tik Tok. >> Listen, I actually think there is competition on YouTube. I think there's a lot more people starting to see that YouTube shorts is like super viable and starting to create a lot of content around it. >> I'm just thinking about the barrier to entry to make a good YouTube short versus a Tik Tok video that you get paid $1. you know, like they're distributing this pool of money to like literal hundreds of thousands of creators that are getting like 10,000 views. You know what I mean? >> I also think competition is a great thing. I think competition boosts everyone views. And so I think if more people start YouTube shorts channels, that intrinsically just makes me a ton more money. Um, so I just want as many people to start YouTube short channels as possible because what that means is YouTube now sees, oh, we have a lot more channels. Let's get more advertisers. Let's get let's start paying more RPMs. And so I think competition is a great thing because I trust in my ability to make good videos. Meaning I know when I put out a good video, it is going to get views and no one can take that away from me. A competitor cannot make my video not go viral if I make a really good video. And so if more people are on YouTube, the RPM goes up. The more better videos I make, the more money I make. And so I'm really excited about that. So yeah, if if you're watching this, get on YouTube shorts. Like I want more competition so that I can make more money for my videos. But in relation to that >> and it drags more people to the platform because there's more content on there because YouTube is probably the third most popular platform in terms of short form content. It's probably Tik Tok than Instagram than YouTube shorts. >> I think YouTube is beating um I I've looked at some metrics recently like I actually did like a deep dive on this with my team. I'm pretty sure um like YouTube is very very like heavily creeping up on these two short form platforms. >> Really? >> Yeah. Like >> do you think that's because of international viewership? Yeah, I think I think YouTube kind of had a fall-off a few years ago when Tik Tok really blew up in 2020 2021. They didn't have short form. They fell behind. They released YouTube shorts. People didn't really trust it as much as they did Tik Tok because Tik Tok was out for a longer period at that point. But YouTube is now really like you go on YouTube shorts, there's a lot of brain rot for sure, but like there are hundreds of thousands of creators, there are trillions of views a day on YouTube shorts. It's getting an unforced like it's getting such a crazy amount of views a day. Like it's beating long form right now by like billions and billions of views daily. You know what it is? I think that the reason I perceive YouTube as lower than those is because YouTube shorts are my worst view platform. Like uh Instagram is my best, then it's Facebook, then it's Tik Tok, then it's YouTube Shorts. Like dead last by far. I I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for clipping just yet. So I don't think YouTube Shorts is the best for redistributing content. I think YouTube Shorts is the best for creating new content. That's my opinion right now. I've tested both. So, I've tried running mass campaigns for my software companies and for my brand on YouTube Shorts versus Tik Tok and Instagram. Tik Tok and Instagram have gotten the most views for like redistribution type of content clipping if you would say, right? But I would say for creating content, so like making a video around I show speed or like clipping a funny moment from a stream and adding subtitles and a bit of voiceover, YouTube shorts I feel like is really really climbing up um in that ranking versus other platforms. But I'm not sure why like redistribution works a lot better on Tik Tok and Instagram right now. >> Yeah. I wonder if it's because there's more competition on YouTube than I think. Um but yeah, how much money can someone make with YouTube shorts? like what's the most you've seen in a month? >> I've seen uh faces creators doing hundred $100,000 profit months. Um I think six figure profit months are like very in the window of like something that can be achieved. Um on average like when I've ran up my channels I've easily seen like $600,000 days. Like I think 20 to $30,000 profit months on one channel on YouTube shorts is absolute light work. I think it really takes not that much effort. All it takes is just knowing what you're doing. Um, so once you actually like beat the barrier of knowing how to make a good video, I think YouTube Shorts is like honestly the easiest platform to scale and make AdSense revenue on compared to Tik Tok and Instagram. But when you start running like a real infrastructure around your like process, so five YouTube shorts channels, 10 YouTube shorts channels, editors, channel managers, you can have a $60 $100,000 a month profit business on AdSense on like $5,000 a month costs. >> And then what's the highest leverage thing with all of that? like is it the ideas themselves and how do you find killer video ideas? >> I think ideas is definitely the most important because you can make a video about pencils and have the best scripts and visuals ever, but no one cares about pencils. And so the idea starts um at the forefront. I think the best ideas are things that have already gone viral. So let me explain this on the 3D animation channel. the the fourth video we posted. So the the third video was that um why uh Asian have small eyes. The fourth video is about how your muscles grow, right? And we were kind of dry on ideas. We didn't really understand like how are we going to find new ideas today. Like we were kind of confused and we pretty much went on YouTube and we searched through like the long form tab for like these science channels that just make like these interesting videos. And we found a video that was made like 8 years ago. And I actually documented this for the challenge, but we found a channel that made a video like 8 years ago. It was a 20-minute like science kind of like um visual on how muscles grow. And we basically sent that to our script writer. We were like, if this worked for long form, it's going to work for short form. And we took that, we sent it to our script writer. We were like, get all the main data points that he covered in this video. Like get all the information that he covered here. He got it all laid out. Me and my boys wrote a script, a 35, 40 secondond script. We posted it. Fourth video on the channel, 11 million views. And so I think taking ideas from long form for YouTube shorts is genuinely one of the easiest way to pretty much guarantee a viral concept. The rest of the work, scripting, visuals, that's your job. But to find a viral concept, I think taking it from long form is such a hack. It's such a good method. >> Do you take their title and make it your hook? >> Um, no. So, you just take the video concept if it's gone viral for a long form video >> and you take like what what did that video look like visually? Was it like the thumbnail was an arrow pointing to a muscle and say like how muscles grow? Like what? >> I'm pretty sure it was like the internals of what a muscle looked like >> with like the yellow and the like dark red like the brain type of color and then it was arrows between the muscles and them essentially growing. That was the thumbnail of the long form video. And so what we did is we started our hook off with someone's bicep and then we zoomed into his bicep. First it was just a skin and then we kind of like how do I explain it? We peel we peeled off the skin and showed like the inside peeled off the inside. >> Yeah. So we peeled off the skin and showed the inside of like what the muscles look like and then stretched them out. And so we basically took essentially what the thumbnail was showing of that long form video and visually represented it in our intro. But I feel like there was a lot more ways to go about it. Like I don't really find too much important in that importance in that specifically like taking the thumbnail turning it into the hook of the short. I just thought that that thumbnail like visually represented how muscles grow really well. So we were like, "Okay, like if we're making a video on how muscles grow, let's show a muscle growing in the first few seconds because that's what they're here for." Um but yeah, like the most viral shorts I've made um on like the Slam Dunk channel, which was a channel around Mr. Beast videos was going to Mr. Beast's most viral videos or his most viral controversies. Like we would go to controversy channels, filter by Mr. Beast and see if there was anything that he that they would mention like something that he did wrong or like some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that he got into and we would make a video around it because if a million people watched a controversy video around him, there's obviously interest there. Um, another really cool thing that I would do if you're making videos around like big celebrities or big figures is if they have any podcasts, this is this is like kind of unethical, but it's super sick. We would go to the podcast and I would pretty much just watch like podcast all day of the of Mr. Beast essentially cuz that was that was what our channel was about. and he would tell stories in these podcasts like I almost died in a car crash one time like I fell asleep at the wheel and I was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that's a video idea right there like Mr. beast almost died. So, we basically made a video, a whole like 45se secondond video. Half of the information was just fluff that we filled in and essentially we just clipped that small 5second part if he was like, "Yeah, like I fell asleep at the wheel and I almost died." And that was our payoff of our video. And so, like I searching for ideas and creating narratives is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. It's like you can create a story out of nothing. Like, if it's not a story, you can create one. Like Mr. Beast was on Andrew Schultz and he was talking about how he had a billion dollar offer but he didn't want to go through with it. We made a short about how Mr. Beast declined a billion dollars and that was like a maybe a 3minute talking point in that entire podcast. They never really even put like any emphasis on it during the podcast. It wasn't even in the intro of the podcast but we saw like he declined a billion dollars. We can spin that narrative right there like Mr. Beast declined $1 billion. He could have been the youngest self-made billionaire. Why did he say no? And that was our intro. And so taking story lines and creating narratives around things that aren't necessarily there, but filling in the gaps for viewers because you can fill in a story for someone, it's really not that hard. You just add a bit of context to like things that would make sense. So like if Mr. Beast really did go in depth in this, what would he have probably said? Like, yeah, I was going to be the youngest self-made billionaire because that's essentially what would have happened if he accepted a billion dollar offer. We just filled in the gaps for him and we made a video out of it. >> I remember doing that with those Snapchat shows. It was like, "Okay, we have 10 seconds of real content and then we have 30 seconds of us just talking about what we think about it, maybe." Um, but >> I do want to ask more specifically, if I were to tell you to find a viral video idea right now, what would you like what website would you go on? What search parameters would you do? >> Because that's like extremely dependent like celebrity drama. >> Would you go on view stats? Like, >> no. I would go on Tik Tok and see the most clip narratives and Twitter. So Twitter have like very big redistribution accounts called like FearedBuck or Kira and these accounts are basically paid to post streamer clips on Twitter and they get like millions of impressions like um Jason the Wen just kicked this girl out of his house or whatever it may be, right? I would go on these really big like Twitter pages. I would go sort by last seven days and see the biggest impression tweets of the last week. I would go take that biggest impression tweet and turn it into a YouTube short idea because the work is done for you 99% of the time. You don't need to create viral ideas. You can find them and then re-shift them into your own little video. And so, like, if I was making videos around celebrity drama, I would just genuinely see what's going on that week by going to the biggest pages reporting celebrity drama. Why would I go want to do all the work myself, watch through a 3-hour Kaisen stream, and check for one moment that someone might have gotten mad at someone for? Like, I would go to these big accounts doing the work for me like Fearbach, whose whose job all day is to basically take streamer clips, post them, and add a live subtitle around them and create a fake narrative. The narrative is now done for me. I don't even have to make the narrative anymore. >> Daniel, do real estate. >> Real estate. >> Yeah. How would you uh research for a real estate, make viral content? I would go on Ryan Sirant basically see the most expensive house that he's listing and be like Ryan Sirant almost closed the most expensive listing in America but it never went through or like I would just create a fake narrative around this bro >> if you didn't use Ryan s where would you go? Would you just like why is your thought to automatically go to top person in the niche? >> Because the views are already there for me >> and you attract that audience automatically. I get it. Yeah. >> Like I can just steal someone else's audience. Why would I want to create my own? Like why do I have to do the work? Would you ever make like general content? Like, oh, what if you did finance? >> Finance is super easy. Um, big numbers, bro. Like, if I wanted to make finance videos, I would just fearmonger people. The market is collapsing or like you have 30 days to get rich. Like, where would you source that news though? Because you mentioned like the fear buck page for the other niche, but like how about finance? How would you go about finding where your golden new source is? >> Watch your guru. any of these big New York Time any of these big big business insider like for example for me if I was to go on finance right now I would go to the biggest finance pages on Twitter like watch a guru who reports on Bitcoin the SEC all of these big people like laundering money liquidations all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I would just go and create like narratives around what's going on like >> do you look for outliers all all time or do you look for outliers like uh last 3 months how do you think of that >> well >> cuz there's trending and then there's evergreen content >> I think If I It depends, right? So, like there's a channel called Fern. They're a kind of a 3D type of like animation channel, but they're long form and they make like really cool documentaries on like heists and bank robberies. And so, if I were in the business of making really cool videos that aren't necessarily trend-based, but just really good stories, I would go and do research on the craziest bank heist of all time, the craziest crypto scams of all time, the most money stolen from one single person. I would go look for like very key big metrics and try to create stories around what's already happened. But if I were a trending type of channel who's trying to kind of adopt an audience every single new video based on what's going on, like if if I were a live news channel basically, and I just have to keep regurgitating what's going on day by day, I would use new sources as my as my media. Like I would use it as my information because like like I said like why reinvent the wheel when you could just take from it. Like I don't want to have to do the work to reinvent something or figure it out on my own. It's done for me. If you have the ability to write a good script to make good visuals, if you understand the fundamentals of how to go viral on viral. Like the proof is in the pudding. I did it on Snapchat. I did it on on Minecraft channels. Like I literally ran Minecraft channels when I was 13 and got hundreds of thousands of views playing Bedw Wars. Like if you just understand the fundamentals, it doesn't matter where you get the ideas from, how you source things. It's just about how you can spin it into an entertaining video that a lot of people are going to like. And if the work is already done for me, seeing as a lot of people are engaging with this type of post on Twitter, then that means there's obviously a lot of people interested. So why don't I just take that story line and make it way more interesting for a YouTube video? And so like people over complicate this way too much. If you're making videos around finance, take the biggest finance topics, maybe spin a little narrative around it and make it entertaining. If you're making videos around gaming, take the biggest gaming news, spin a narrative around it and make it entertaining. Like the things I would do when I was doing those Mr. Beast videos, like bro, the narratives I would create, bro, like there would be a time, for example, in a Mr. Beast video where like there was a family who had just won half a million dollars. They were like emotionally speaking to the camera and then um Carl was like, "Okay, that's enough." And then I made a whole video around how Mr. Beast hates Carl for cutting off a family that was excited about making half a million dollars. And that video got like seven. Like if I had my phone right now, I want to see how many video how many views that video has. I wish I could play it for this pod just so they could see like how outlandish it really sounds, but I've done it. Like I literally have done it. >> How much money did that video make, >> dude? Slam Dunk was ran back in 2022 when it was a fund that YouTube Shorts paid out of. So it wasn't a partner program where you would get paid a set RPM. They had a specific fund that they paid every short channel out of. So when that fund ran out, essentially no one made money anymore. And so we were only making like $6,000 a month off that YouTube channel on like hundreds of millions of views a month. In today's revenue, that video probably has like 10 15 million views. That would have made me like 4K. Quick one. If you guys haven't realized, YouTube Shorts is one of the best ways to make your first $10,000 online. And honestly, Daniel is one of the best in the game when it comes to making short form content. So, if you guys want to work with him one-on-one and learn his exact formula for going viral and making money with shorts, you can apply today by going to gateway.wytportal.io/mpodcast or by hitting the first link in the description. As a friend, Daniel's taught me a lot about shorts, so working with him is a no-brainer in my opinion. But anyway, guys, back to the podcast. And on Snapchat, do you remember how much I paid you, dude? We had like $10 RPMs on Snapchat. >> How many views was it? >> I didn't post that video on Snap. >> Okay. That video wasn't on Snap. >> No. The only videos we posted on Snap were Andrew Tate, Drake, and Aiden Ross. >> Do you know what our biggest video was on Snapchat? >> Yours? >> Yeah. It was about a Mr. Beast contestant. >> Oh, it was right. >> Yeah. It It made 50 one time, 20 one time, and 10 another time. Just reposting it. 700. [Applause] [Laughter] >> Yeah. Yeah. We had a video that made 700. What? One video made >> use 700K on Snapchat. >> It was an Andrew Tate video. So, you want you want me to explain to you like what Snapchat would feel like? I would wake up in the morning, check the So, this is this was my schedule at the time. I would make videos at 8:00 p.m. until like 5:00 a.m. I would wake up for school at 6:30 a.m. I would get home at 2:00 p.m. because I had a superstition that I wouldn't check my Snapchat show stats until I got back from school. It was just something that I always did. So, I go back from school and check this Andrew Tate video and we posted tape videos every day and I would just see like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this video has 5 million views already. We posted it like 6 hours ago." Like, we have a $10 RPM. We just made 50 grand in 6 hours. And like, dude, sometimes like I remember at the very end I started posting like two times a day on Snapchat and like the videos would get like 3 million views each and then eventually like over the course of like a week they'd get like four, five, 10 million views. And like I just remember like old videos blowing up again. I put so much content out that old videos would just start blowing up again. And there were days where we would do like like we had 180 90k day off like old videos, not even the new videos that we would upload. Like it was a money machine, bro. >> Do you know our most viewed video? I'm going to have to cut this out. But our we had one video that got 6 million in 2 hours. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> And it was >> Oh, I remember that video. >> And that's what got all the shows banned, >> dude. Yeah, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone, dude. I'd still be making like a million dollars a month on Snapchat right now. I was Bro, that was like I had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on. >> You not might not be here and you might not be doing Crayo. >> Yeah, dude. I love everything I'm doing right now. Like the um there was this trend that I started on Snapchat towards the end when it almost died. It was Baby Alien. >> Oh, that was you guys. Okay. >> It wasn't even me. It was after Luca stopped Snap and I was running my own shows. Basically, I'd found a I Tate was getting dry. Aiden kind of got banned. I think Tay also got banned off Snap. Like a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] just started like the ball started rolling and and they started getting stricter with everything and I was like, "Okay, how do I find ideas?" Exactly what I said 10 minutes ago. I went on TikTok, made a new account, and started following the most brain wrote [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I could find. And eventually, I found Baby Alien on my for you page. And the video had 600,000 views. I was like, "Okay, let me try to make a Snapchat video around this." First video, 4 million views. Next video, 8 million views. Next video, three million views. And that baby alien trend alone probably made around like 4 or 500k in like two weeks. And so like Snapchat was crazy, but it's entirely dead now. Like you cannot really do anything on it anymore. And it's just not worth it. >> What's the craziest way you've made money on YouTube? >> I just wrapped up running a channel around like 3 weeks ago for a new YouTube video I made. Essentially, the YouTube video was getting one subscriber equals $1 I can spend on my dream car. And so, I needed to get 220,000 subscribers to buy my dream car, which was a G Wagon for $220,000. And so, basically, I ran this channel called Verusi. The videos uploaded now anyone can watch it. Essentially, the videos were kids videos, and we would steal these Russian creators videos, and they would make like really funny skits for like 5-year-olds of like a mom like stealing her kid's Kinder and then the kid getting mad and then the dad slipping on the Kinder. It was like the most brain rot. >> What's Kinder? >> A Kinder egg, bro. >> Oh, okay. Okay. >> Yeah, >> that's some European [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. We're in America right now. So like, so you guys don't know what Kinder eggs are, >> but they're not as common, right? >> Yeah, I think they're more common in Europe. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're more common over there, >> dude. You guys have no cont. >> It's not like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Kit Kat, but whatever. Okay, so basically like they were just really essentially stupid K stupid skits that were made by like this Russian YouTube Kids channel and they had like 10 million subscribers. What we would do is we would take those and we would put a voice over over them pretty much documenting what was going on in the video. So this kid just gave his mom a kinder. Like whatever was happening in the video, we just voiceovered it in the most 2-year-old voice possible with the most simple wording possible. Like I will pop like let's actually pop up a video of what that looks like or something like that because it was generally the most kid-friendly video of all time. Okay, >> give me an example of like a sentence. The dad got mad at the mom, but then the mom didn't like but then the mom was sad because the kid got sad. Like it was just the most like genuinely I don't even know how those types of videos get views. I just follow what's working and then I adapt. Like to be really honest in that niche that is absolutely insane to me. Like but they're they're 5-year-old kids like that's what they're growing up on I guess. Whatever whatever does them good. So pretty much we made those videos. I bought a pre-monetized channel, which essentially meant that I bought the channel with already monetization enabled so that from the first video, we could generate revenue and our videos would get pushed out faster because YouTube are incentivized to push out videos that they make money on as well. And so when the when the channel was monetized, they're placing ads on the videos, hence they're making money from the ads, right? And so buying pre-monetized channels on YouTube shorts, super good hack, especially if you want to make money fast and if you already know how to make good content. That's besides the point. We bought a pre-monetized channel. We started posting. Second video, 5 million views. Third video 4 million views. And this was called a CTA channel. So, what this meant is in the middle of the video, we would abruptly stop and we would be like, "Subscribe if you want a pizza, like if you want a tomato, comment if you want an apple, and do all if you want your family to like live forever or some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that, right?" It was like really, really, really like brain rot, but it worked so well. We were getting like 100,000 subscribers a week and we got like, >> was this long form content? >> Shorts. YouTube shorts. >> Okay. This was shorts. Okay. And so, and did you label the content as for kids? >> No. >> No, we didn't. And so, basically, because labeling your content for kids means if you mess up in any way and have one little slip up, your channel gets terminated. So, I played the safe side and labeled it as not for kids because kids. So, I'll explain why we labeled it not for kids. I essentially realized that little kids don't have their own devices. They use their parents' devices to watch content. And so when a little kid is using their parents' device to watch a video, their parents is registered at a as a 30 or 40year-old. And so our entire audience demographic was 80% USA 40-year-old viewers. And YouTube would essentially think that these are high trust advertisers, right? So like they would put advertisers who would spend more money on our videos because essentially there would be a higher chance to convert to that content from an older audience. And so that's the key on YouTube shorts, getting older viewers and USA viewers. If you do that, YouTube is going to push you to more expensive advertisers, which means your RPM is going to go up. And so we essentially tricked YouTube because getting kids to watch videos is super easy. It's not that hard. You don't have to go crazy on the script because they're super brain rotted and they don't need to be like rehooked here and that there. Like obviously you still need to use these fundamentals, but it's a much simpler process to get kids to watch a 20 second video, especially if they're like 5 or 6 years old. And as long as you just visually are like really big for kids, that's the biggest thing. It's not really about what you're saying, it's about what you're seeing for really young kids. And that's what I realized. And so I made a I made content for kids so young that they would watch it on their parents' devices. And our RPM was like 35 cents per video. And in the first week of that channel, we made $4,000. We paid an editor, I promise you, $5 per video. So, for a week, we uploaded seven videos. It costed us 35 bucks and we made $3,000 in our first week and got 150,000 subscribers. Second week, made another $2,000 and got another 100,000 subscribers. And I basically got 220,000 subscribers for the video, bought my car, and in the process made like $6,000 on that channel. >> Do you think you could do a long form channel like that that would print money? >> Yeah, I think so. I just um >> because what I'm curious of is the only person I know like myself that's better not better at YouTube but like close to like you at YouTube and then like good at what I assume Mr. Beast is is like Collins Key and are you familiar with Collins course and like he made content specifically for kids and I'm wondering if he got those adult RPMs. >> I don't think he got I think his videos are labeled as made for kids. M >> I think his videos might be labeled as made for kids just because he's so big that like he definitely YouTube know who he is. You know what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. And he's at the point where he's like selling products that >> he's selling products and he's he's running advertisements. >> YouTube Shorts, it's simple. You don't need to be a billion subscriber channel. You can just be a few hundred thousand subscribers, but getting millions of views a video and getting paid for it. And so YouTube don't need to be on your radar about it is what I'm trying to say. We just made these super simple 20 30 secondond videos made for kids. five, six year olds, they would watch on their parents' devices. And in turn, YouTube basically got tricked into giving us really high RPMs because the audience demographic was just insane, bro. 40-year-old audience, 80% US. And we basically like did the inverse to get the opposite result. Like instead of making videos for adults, we made videos for such young kids that they were forced to use adult devices. >> How do you make killer clickbait? >> Are you talking long form or short form here? >> Long form. I know shorts doesn't really matter. I think killer clickbait is actually delivering on viewer expectation. I think clickbait isn't what it used to be. You can't just make a video that promises one thing and deliver another and expect the video to go viral. In this day and age on YouTube long form especially, you need to deliver on viewer expectations. So if you're saying and putting something in your title and thumbnail, you need to deliver on that in the video or else the video is not going to go viral. And so that's the biggest thing I've realized across making so many videos on long form by now. Deliver on viewer expectations. Give them what they clicked on the video for and you are going to get higher watch time. You're going to get paid by YouTube and your video is going to get pushed out. Because why the hell is YouTube going to reward you for not delivering on what the viewers are expecting to watch? That could have worked back in the day. You could have been like, "Hey, this this spider ate a kid, right?" and then you could have like teased that for 15 minutes and then on the 16minute just like put up a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] image and it never really happened. That doesn't work anymore. You need to genuinely deliver on viewer expectations. And so when you're creating your title and thumbnail for YouTube long form first, there's a couple things that come with a title and thumbnail. I think a thumbnail, I mean this is pretty common knowledge, but like you should have like two or three just main points of your thumbnail. Shouldn't be any more than that. You don't want to cram it. your title. Honestly, titles don't need to be like anything crazy anymore. Um, like my my my title for the video was like one subscriber equals $1 I spent on my dream car. That video has 100,000 views. You know what I'm trying to say? So, it's like simple deliver on viewer expectations. As long as a video is really good, that's all that matters now. Um, I've had really simple thumbnails of like just me and my face being worried get like 200,000 views just because I made a really good video. like making a really good video is all that matters on YouTube long form. >> So, what's like an ideal thumbnail for this podcast uh given what we've talked about so far? >> I would put like my face and then I would put like a red card since that's your channel theme and like you have a theme across your thumbnails and so when people see a red card, they will psychologically associate to you now as that's what you've done across the last few months. And then I would put some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in the in the red card that's like going viral isn't luck. something that people tend to assume on average. So >> do you think 30 mil at 18 is better or something about YouTube shorts? >> Well, it depends what trying what type of audience you're trying to hit, right? And so if you're trying to go for mass market using more mass market terms is going to perform better. But if I were to run a B2B channel that is meant to target people who want to write emails, right? Longer words kill your conversions. like just basically summarizing a expectation or a preconceived notion in a very simple card or in a very simple way for a thumbnail I think is the best way. So like for example, if we want to hit mass market with this podcast 30 mil at 18, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like yeah that's crazy. Or if we want to hit a YouTube shorts audience or someone who's super technical with this video, we'd be like steal all your ideas. You know what I'm trying to say? like something that just goes against the grain for the word for for the like little text that you're using, but just people who are interested in that topic are going to click on. >> And guys, I know that's a bit off topic, but it is really relevant to the hooks of short form videos as well. Exactly. Um, what do you think about meta narrative as a creator? because there's the idea like the spectacle of what you're showing maybe the knowledge and the value you're trying to give across but how are you thinking about the story or the vibe and I'll ask this another way so there are two sides of content creation there's spectacle like Mr. beast or like Ryan Treyan personal organic relatable content like what have you learned about this side of things? I think spectacles work well if what you're doing in the video matches the spectacle. So I don't think you can necessarily create a spectacle type of video around a topic that doesn't deserve to be a spectacle. And so these guys have the budgets, have the kind of infrastructure to run spectacles, right? So like Ryan Trhan can travel to 50 states and that's a spectacle and he'll do that in 30 days. Mr. Beast can go spend $10 million on a bunker and review the biggest bunkers in the world worth billions of dollars. That's a spectacle. But like if you're trying to make a video around a water bottle like what type of spectacle can you really create? I feel like I don't really lean towards that type of content. Um, and I think it can work, but I think >> but you're building a personal brand now, so you're kind of forced to show parts of yourself that are interesting or you just like, let me just show myself doing the thing that is a spectacle and then make sure it uh ties into my product. >> I think essentially like it depends what you're trying to it depends what you're trying to get out of your content. Like if you're trying to create a spectacle and then teach something from it, that's one way. Or if you're just trying to teach or just trying to show a spectacle and get as many people to watch your video as possible, that's another thing. Like for me, I guess for most people on Earth, like getting a million subscribers on a YouTube channel is a spectacle because it's like, oh, like a million subscribers, it's a million people. I can do that pretty easily. And so, like, tying that into a video of mine backed by how I did it is like my edge. Like, that's what I can show to people. That's a spectacle. And that's what makes me different from everybody else who's trying to compete with me. >> But do you care about being relatable and funny and conversational? Like so I think people relate to other people and that's the best way or people trust other people and that's the best way to get someone to kind of buy what you want or listen to what you have to say follow your narrative as you're making content for the next like 5 10 years. And so I like to use like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I feel like people relate to that. So like during my challenges I'll be like yeah I failed this channel. um or like this video didn't pop off, like my parents are going to kick me out. Like they they don't love me anymore. So like I'll like I'll like I love using humor and like self-deprecating humor in my videos because I just feel like that relates to the audience. If I were just someone that blew up YouTube channels, I would seem like I'm levels above everyone else. But what I'm trying to get across is that I'm not I'm not levels above you. I'm exactly like you. I just have a skill that you don't have. If I show someone that I have similar humor to them, I relate to them how any of one of their friends would relate to them when they go out to dinner, but at the same time, I can make thousands of dollars online, that makes someone look at my videos and be like, "Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like I can do this, too. Like, this guy's just like me. He just has a skill that I don't have." And so, that's how I think of all my videos and all of the content I portray. It's like, yes, I have this skill. I make money. I run businesses, but I'm just like you. And I use humor to do that. >> It's interesting. It's like the mixing of like humility plus showing off a spectacle. >> You don't need to be there's a there's a very big preconceived notion that like everyone is rich as a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're like a different class of elites and they're just like different people, but it's not like that. And you know it's not like that, right? Like I mean there are some people who are like that, but it doesn't have to be like that. And so not enough of that is shown on social media. Like what's shown on social media is the Tates of the world or the Luke Belmars of the world, right? who are like supposedly levels above everyone else. But it it it doesn't really have to be like that. What what it can really be is like I'm just like you. I can do this, too. Let me literally show you that I'm doing this and teach you across the entire way. You could like take a shot for it yourself. >> If you had to go from zero to a million subscribers in 6 months, how would you do it? >> Okay. Number one, I'd make a new YouTube shorts account. I would go on my for you page on YouTube shorts and just start liking videos that are in the faceless niche because that's the type of content I'm creating, right? So, I'm talking here specifically for people who are trying to create faces content. They would go start engaging with topics, start engaging with um with videos, and then I would start analyzing channels that have over a million views on average per video. And so if you have a channel that has 30 uploads and they have 40 million views, that is a very good sign that you should take that niche and try to replicate it for yourself. So that's one of the biggest metrics I try to see when finding first my niche to start. If there are channels that have over a million views on average per video, that is my metric. It can be around 800,000 and above, but that's what I look at. That's number one. Then I will go in and pretty much watch like their most popular videos, their top 10, top five most popular videos. I'll see how long they are. I'll see the type of editing. I'll transcribe all of their scripts. I'll download them on Google Doc and I'll highlight all of the big points of their script. Like what are the what is their hook? What is their payoff? How do they relate the context to the hook? How do they use a supporting sentence in their video right after the hook? I'll pretty much psycho analyze like basically the guts of what the script is. And then I'll go and start pretty much finding topics in whatever niche they make. So let's say for example, I don't know if you ever heard of like or seen the top five ranking niche where it's like they play the top five Karen's owned or like top five funniest streamer clips, right? So I would go in and I would see just the little things like for example people usually do like number five 4 3 2 1, right? I would think, okay, let's do number two first. edge them to number one, but then let's go to number four right after and then number three and then number five and then number one. You know what I'm trying to say? Like >> because that's the most interesting order. I saw that done yesterday actually. Uh top five, >> it's like best six, seven moments or something like that. >> Exactly. And so like these are these are little things I'd psycho analyze. Like I would analyze like >> the little things about a video and how can I make it better? Like the other day I was looking at the top five ranking niche and I saw a guy who on his third video got 40 million views. fifth video got 20 million views and I saw that he was doing 5 4321 and his clips were in 720p. So instantly he's getting a million views on average per video. That's my first key metric which means he is successful. He's getting views. That means I can now do it. Next step, how can I make the videos better? Number one, 1080p clips. Number two, maybe I change the colors of the top five ranking. Number five is gray. Number four is like blue. Number three is bronze. Number two is silver. number one is gold. Now, like I just mentioned before, I do 2 4 53 1 or I do like 32 541. Like I I play around with this, right? And I would just basically dissect the video and try to make it better in every way that I can. And then I would go start looking for a team to make these videos. And so the best way to find talent for YouTube shorts is to go on Discord servers. There are a ton of editing Discord servers. And this could be for any type of content. You could be a personal brand. You could be a faces creator. Finding talent on Discord is how I found is how I found pretty much all of my talent, bro. Um, and there's a lot of people who are there talented, don't have enough work, but they have potential to get to like where they could be or where I want them to be. And so, you hire these people. you really really like if you want to create something real and if you want to create a business and if you want to create like a system that's running 5 10 15 channels, you sit on calls with these people for hours a day, they edit videos on the call with you. You change what you don't like whilst you're editing. Like you really put the effort into making a good video as if you would yourself because I think one of the most important things of making content is being able to do every part of the process yourself or at least if you can't like edit yourself, being able to know what you would want in the editing yourself, right? And so understanding every part of the process and how to do it makes it really easy to hire good talent because you know what makes someone good. You know if they have potential or you know if you should probably let them go because they can't really meet your requirements. And so >> how do you find these people on Discord? >> There's a bunch of different editing Discord servers. So if you go on Google, you go on pretty much any search browser and you search editing community Discord servers. There are just like lists and lists and lists of these websites that have like hundreds of Discord servers with thousands or even hundreds of thousands of members. You join these Discord servers. is you put job listings of what you want. And like for example, this is what I do, right? So let's say I want to pay $5 per video, $2 per video. I would go and be like, "Hey, I'm looking for a video editor. Potential to pay up to $10 per video. This is what I need. I need daily uploads." You get a bunch of DMs. You're like, "Hey, we're going to be starting out at like $2 to $3 per video. Once we hit a million views per video, I will up you to five. Once we hit like 5 million views per video, I'll up you to 10." And so like you can start these people at at the price you want them to be. And essentially I'm going kind of in the weeds of how to create the team here, but this is what it takes to get a million subscribers in 6 months if you really want to do it. You need to understand the part of your process. And so you go on YouTube, you find a niche with a a million and above average. You figure out how to make each part of the video better. And if you can't, you don't have an edge. If you don't know how to edit as good as this person, you don't know how to find an editor as good as this person, you don't have an edge. So don't try. You need to find what you have an edge in. What can make you better than this person? Are you a really good writer? Are you really good visually? Do you understand what people like to see or do you understand what people like to hear? And so taking all these metrics, seeing what you can stand out in, finding a team that complements your talents, and then start posting one video a day, okay? Start posting one video a day. Every single day that you post a video, go into the YouTube analytics dashboard, check your retention, check how many impressions you're getting, check your swipe rate. Swipe rate is a super important metric. It tells you how many people swipe away versus watch your video. A swipe rate is made up of like the first two to three seconds. And basically what it's made up of is your hook and your visual. They don't care about the title. They don't care about the description. They don't care about any of that. As long as your hook and your visual is an entertaining, like entertaining enough for people to not want to swipe away, you're good. So, you should aim for above 80% swipe rates on all of your YouTube shorts. 78% and up is like where you want to aim for cuz I've had videos with like 77 to 78% get like 10 million views. So, anything like 77 or 78 plus is good. Start posting one video a day. Analyze your retention on pretty much every video. Analyze how many impressions it's getting and analyze the audience demographic. And so if you see your videos are starting to blow up, but you're getting a 60% Indian audience with a eight or with a like 12 to 18year-old audience, chances are when you get monetized, you are not going to make that much money from a channel like that. And so there's no real point in really putting effort in. And so those are pretty much the key pillars. Post once a day for a month. analyze pretty much every single video and actually improve on the on the fixes you make. And so what I like to do is once I can kind of see the stats of my video after like a day or two, I'll re go to the script. I'll see where the retention dips or I'll see where it spikes and then I'll basically take those formats or take those learnings and put them into my next video and then put those into my next video and the next one and the next one. And basically, you're just compounding improvement every single video. And I also think one of the most important things to getting big fast is having a group of people doing it with you at the same time. Because if you're a group of one person, you're solving all your problems on your own. If you're a group of five people working on the same type of thing, you're solving five problems like five times faster problems. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like when we were doing Snapchat and we were a group of like eight people and we were all running different channels. Let's say for example eight different channels. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Okay. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. He has a problem on his channel I'm facing. Now I know the fix to that when I come across it. You're basically solving problems x amount times faster of how however many people you have in your group. And so I think that's super underrated and it's a super good motivator to keep going when you have people who are doing it with you. Um, and so that's like a really really big thing that I've always done. I never start a business or a channel or anything fully alone. >> I just don't like to do it. Some people are soloreneurs and I respect that, but I'm so much more effective when I have people to go to and ideas to bounce off with because you just get to where you need to be faster. I mean, it's honestly super simple. If you see the biggest people in the respective field that you're trying to get to go over certain topics of what helped them, you should probably apply it to yourself. If Mr. Beast said he had a group of five people when he came up and they would all bounce ideas off each other, there's a very high chance that you should probably have a group of five people when you're coming up and bounce ideas off each other because these are just >> that group today is like like are some of the most successful like entrepreneurs like in the world. I I would guess that pretty much everyone has made millions of dollars and like no one started there and it's because we saw each other and it kind of raised our expectations. It's like oh I know Daniel's company's worth $30 million like okay let me raise my expectations cuz I remember when this kid was 15 and started on Snapchat. You know >> I I I really like I urge everybody to create a group of people who are aligned with the same vision as you. doesn't necessarily mean you all have to work on the same channel or the same business. But >> how did you how did you you kind of orchestrated that group I want to I actually didn't know because my partner was just like hey meet this kid you know so I didn't know like how you guys >> this is what happened. So obviously I met Luke. So the way I met Lucas is I used to edit for him when I used to be an editor and then he reached out to me. He was like yo I want to start this channel blah blah blah. I answered the call. We started the channel and then we found a channel um on Snapchat posting videos and it was called and we were like okay let's just search this name up. Let's like deep dive into this and just key search see what we can find. And we found I found his Twitter, your partner's Twitter, and then I messaged him and I was like, "Yo, I'm doing Snapchat, too." >> Just because the name was his name. >> Yeah. I mean, we got lucky there. But >> But why did you seek like uh out for Instagram? >> Because having someone that's in a similar field to you doing really well is not competition. It It doesn't need to be competition. Why does it need to be competition? Why do you want to limit yourself to having to compete against someone when you both could become 10 times bigger? The market's big enough for everybody. It's genuinely big enough for everybody. You don't need competition. Like, obviously, if you're running a software company and it's a video editing tool and there's someone else running a software video editing tool, I guess you're competition in there, but we were making videos online, right? And so, like, we were not competing against each other. We were competing against the market. Who could make a good video? Who could get views? And that's how social media works. I don't believe, and this might be like um not like a common belief, but I don't believe me getting views means that you don't get views. I feel like if I make a good video and you make a good video, we both get views. And so, why not talk to you, learn from you, and teach you what I know and you teach me what you know, so we could both get big together. And >> and then just for the people who are confused about this, cuz I know I am, like why aren't you like why wouldn't you be friends with the biggest AI clipping people and like share stuff? So, Like what's the difference there? >> The thing is is when you're working >> because you own the audience basically. >> Yeah. Like when when you're working with a video editor, it's a very like my video editor versus your video editor. Like are they going to use yours or are they going to use mine? >> When you're making videos online, it's like they can watch your channel and they can watch my channel. They can't necessarily use your video editor and use mine because when someone uses a video editor, they want to use one and they want to be loyal to one and they just want to use that to make all their videos. Like, would it make sense for me to edit half my video in Premiere Pro than the other half in Cap Cut? No. >> It's like if you own Snapchat and I owned Instagram, we probably wouldn't share anything cuz they're both. >> But here's how I would gain friends in the software space. I have a lot of friends who create software and are making a lot of money in software, but they're in different niches to me or the same fundamental teachings that they're learning about. How to convert people to a funnel or how to get audience for cheap or how to retain an audience. These are fundamentals that I can apply to my software company, which doesn't necessarily mean I'm taking users away from them. Because let's say one of my friends runs a tool on tracking views, right? All he wants to do is acquire customers and get them to retain on his platform. That's what I want to do, too. People editing on my software doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to track views on his software. But we can apply the same teachings to each other to grow both of our software companies. And so, I have a lot of friends who do software. We don't necessarily compete because we're in different niches, but I learn so much from them and they learn so much from me because we can apply the same fundamental teachings of our business models to each other. And here's the same thing like my partner Musa, we both run a course, he runs a course on Tik Tok, I run a course on YouTube, right? And so that gets a bit weird because they're different platforms. And so like I guess he wants everyone to be on Tik Tok and I I want everyone to be on YouTube, but you guys are competing against each other on the course, but ultimately the funnel goes >> the funnel goes to the same business. And so whether they do Tik Tok or they do YouTube, I don't care because I don't really care to make money for my course. Like sure, it makes me money, but I want to be a billionaire. Like I want I want companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars. >> Hey, really quick. Most people assume that you have to work hard for money, but wealthy people know that you have to make your money work hard for you. But the problem with this is most people don't really know where to start. And that's why I was so excited when we started working with today's sponsor, Mumu. Mumu is a trading platform that gives you the same prolevel tools that Wall Street has been using for years. Level two market data, advanced charting, earnings calendar, stock screeners, all in one place, right on your phone. And right now, they've got two killer promos running for the next few weeks. So, you're not going to want to miss out on this. First, any cash sitting in your account that's not invested will earn up to 8.1% interest for the first 3 months. And second, when you make a deposit into your account, you'll get a free Nvidia stock worth up to $1,000 based on what you put in. So, if you guys are ready to stop working so hard and finally let your money work for you, go to start.mumu.com/jackneil. You can also scan the QR code on screen. Again, that's start.mmu.com/jackneil. Thank you to Mumu for sponsoring the podcast. And let's get back into the episode. And sometimes guys, like this is ultra specific, but it makes sense to partner with someone in this instance because like them having a million users versus having 10 million users like values the company way differently. Like it's not a 10x, it's like a 50x. >> Exactly. Yeah. Like in software like growth is exponential. It's not linear. And so like you get two times more growth. Your multiplier for your exit is not just two times. You get what I'm trying to say? And so like just creating friends in every field is super important because it helps you progress and it helps them progress. Like I have friends who do e-commerce, right? And how how would e-commerce apply to me? You still have to market on e-commerce. You still have to get people in the door to buy your product. Let me learn how you market. Let me see if I can apply that to my software company. You know what I'm trying to say? And so it's like you can learn something from everyone. And I think competition definitely can get tricky in certain times. And so like I purposefully I will very happily like become friends with every single person. Um but like obviously sometimes people treat me as competition and so they won't want to get close to me cuz then I guess it's a conflict of interest to give me sauce when when they're um trying to compete on a same type of model. But for example, someone running a YouTube channel like I'm I'm more than happy to share all my teachings to you because I'm not competing against you. I'm competing against a growing market. me getting views does not mean you don't get views. >> What are the best niches for faceless channels in 2025? >> I think there's a few um I think niches change all the time, but there's a few that are concrete that I think are super evergreen that everybody can get into and can make money on for the next like 5 years. I think number one is commentary. So, what commentary pretty much entails is taking a topic, whether it be about finance, business, scams, celebrities, and creating entertaining 30 to 40 second videos, voice overing, and creating a narrative around whatever your niche is. And so, this is a super super evergreen niche because the topics always continue to like progress. There's new things that happen in these niches. There's new topics to cover. There's new things to commentate on. And so, I think that's genuinely like one of the most evergreen things that is super easy to get into. And depending on what you think you have an edge on, like if I'm really good at finance, I could make a commentary finance shorts channel because I have an edge and I understand topics that people don't necessarily understand about. I was a 15-year-old kid who just consumed brain rod all day about celebrities. I had an edge on how to find really cool celebrity concepts, how to get really good narratives from them, and I understood everything about like Mr. Beast and Aisha Speed and Kaisen because I all I did was consume these guys. And so I made commentary videos around these guys. So, I think commentary is a really, really big one. I think motivational niche is super big on YouTube right now. Like motivational montages, David Gogggins, motivational podcasts, like motivation is a super big thing on YouTube shorts. And I also think um I don't really want to say this because I don't want people to watch this back in a few years. Um like the ranking niche right now, like if we're talking today, like the ranking niche is super big. Um dude, like the remixing niche is super big. And that's pretty much when you slap an audio into a YouTube short that's the already made audio and have like visuals on the screen behind it. And so like the remix niche, you basically remix an audio on YouTube shorts. It's viral and then put content on the back of it that slapped for a while and then died after like 3 or 6 months. The big thing with YouTube shorts is apart from the evergreen niches I mentioned, there's a lot of niches that will die, come back to life for 6 months and then die again and then come back to life and die again. and they have like these life cycles where they just keep going up and down and like those can be appealing to like make money in these like seasons, but I prefer consistency and peace of mind over anything else. And that's just my philosophy about how I run things. Like I take big risks like for sure, but I like just peace of mind and consistency when I make videos or when I run businesses. And so running things that I see like a 10 year horizon on, a 20-year horizon on really appeals to me. And so I just like to structure everything I do around like that way of thinking. And so when I think about YouTube niches, I think about what can people still watch in 10 years. If I make videos around celebrities, there still going to be celebrities in 10 years. Fox is a commentary channel on news. Basically, if you really just, if we're thinking about it in like a YouTube shorts term, Fox is a news commentary channel. There's always going to be news, so they're evergreen. They'll have news in 30 years, they'll have news in a 100 years. Same for CNN. Same for TMZ. You know what I'm trying to say? ATMZ was alive in the 2000s talking about Tobey Maguire and now they're talking about Bryce Hall. So it's like so it's like it always evolves. So as long as you're in like an evergreen space that is always going to produce new talent that you can make videos on, that's what I would personally focus on and that's what I would recommend to people just for peace of mind. >> I'd ask you about the worst niches, but I would guess it's just anything that's not evergreen. >> Yeah. Like I would say the worst niches are ones that are not going to survive for a very long time. But like there's so much more bad than there is good. Like I could name a thousand bad niches. A niche on pencils, a niche on water, a niche on like vases. Like there's a thousand bad niches. A good niche is something that has a lot of interest already. And it just as simple as that. If there's something that has interest, celebrities have interest, right? Sports has interest, music has interest. Make things on that and you're going to be chilling for the next few years. What's interesting about most people is they often suggest to find something that's trending up and like catch it early so they'll have success. But you you've kind of developed a system of just finding anything that's trending and making it better than it already is. So you're guaranteed to win. >> Like just for an example, like I made a YouTube shorts video on Drake and Ice Spice. There was like this time where Drake like flew out Ice Spice to a concert and then blocked her. I basically like made a video about how like Drake was dating Ice Spice and they broke up. Like finding trending like what what you said about like finding something trending before it catches off. If you're making a commentary channel on celebrities, that is your that's what you do all day. Like you're finding what's trending before I guess it blows up and you're making videos on it. You can replicate exactly what you talked about on an evergreen niche because you can find things that are about to blow up. But because you're making videos around celebrities all the time, you're catching these trends before they become big. >> And you don't need to ride that cycle. You could make like five videos on Drake because he's trending >> and then he falls off and then you just hop to the next celebrity. It's evergreen, but you're still catching the big trends that are coming up. >> Yeah. I I didn't really love the news niche. It was just too stressful. I like the evergreen better because you can put more work into the video and it lives for longer. >> But essentially news is evergreen though. >> Yeah. Yeah. I guess as it you just have to have systems around it. >> You you have to have systems. Like at one point I had genuinely four people on every platform finding topics. >> They would go to they would have notifications all for on for every major news outlet. TMZ like Hollywood Fix just every every major news outlet they had notifications on. They followed all the big accounts on Twitter. all the big accounts on Instagram, YouTube, and we would catch things right as they would come out. >> That's how news outlets work as well. They have like contacts, they call people, they call managers, they catch things before they release them as stories. Like, it's the same theory. >> Do you remember Gondul? >> Yes, bro. My goodness. I don't even want to think about this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore. It's too stressful. Like, it is too stressful. >> Yeah. But essentially, we used to make videos about a certain creator and we had to translate from uh the Romanian language into English uh because that's where the news was the fastest. But how do you make someone watch 100% of a video and how do you make someone watch a video twice? >> H interesting. So I'll start with how to make someone watch 100% of a video. Don't give them what they want until the end. So I feel like it's a super simple theory. Obviously you go way deeper into it like we mentioned earlier on in the pod about like scripts and rehooks and hooking them in and then giving them context. But if you just want to really like simply paraphrase it, it's just there's a payoff to a video. The payoff is what they came here to watch. If you leave that till the end, they're going to watch the entire video. If you can meet their expectations throughout, so if you give them what they want in the intro, you lead them on using context, you ask them if they think they know who it is yet, you continue a little bit, and then you give them the payoff. And so essentially getting 100% retention on a video or making someone watch till the end is just leaving what they came for until the end. It's super simple. And then obviously like I feel like what what we went in on earlier with about like actually writing scripts. That's like how you really digest and go really deep into it. But very simply like it's analyzing your graphs, seeing where they dipped off because where they dipped off means people did not watch till the end. So removing that section entirely is going to give you another chance the next video to keep them on for that section, right? So you just keep improving every single video until your line is flat until the end and making as many people as you physically can watch 100%. >> How about twice? Yeah, >> watching videos twice on YouTube shorts is super interesting. There's two ways I like to do it. Number one is a loop. So at the beginning of most of my videos, it actually says like 150% retention. So, a lot of my YouTube shorts after like a few days when I check back at the graph, it will show that like 200% of people are watching at the beginning. That's confusing. Like, how can double the amount of people be watching your video again? And it's super simple. At the end of the video, so let's say like I speed hates Mr. Beast, right? Let me just quickly use that example at the end of the video. I would be like, "So, that's why I show Speed hates Mr. Beast. So why?" And then you just say, "So why?" And then it loops back in. So why does Speed hate Mr. Beast? So, you get what I'm trying to say? You kind of trick them into re-watching the beginning of the video. And getting someone to watch an entire video twice is not really a metric I try for. What I do try for is getting the viewers to at least stay for the first 2 seconds of a video again. Because what that means is when YouTube see like 200% retention on the first two seconds. It's like, holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like this video is insane. But it's super simple. Like you basically just take the beginning clip, extend it out a bit, take that piece, add it to the end, and so basically the clip just when the video ends and starts, it looks like it's the same clip playing. >> Do you get what I'm trying to say? >> Yeah. So essentially, I would go that's interesting. So that's how you would get someone to watch a video twice. >> Exactly. >> And then that's interesting would be the last thing said. So that's how you get someone to watch a video twice. It would be the hook of the video. >> So that's interesting. So how do you get someone to watch a video twice? You get what I'm trying to say? And so basically just making it seem of as it's as if it's one coherent sentence and one coherent clip >> is super big. And so like especially with faces content, it's super easy to do if you're doing it with face content. Like you might move a little bit and so it might not be the exact same shot, but with faces content, you can just extend the last clip out, reput it at the intro. The people who are watching the intro don't really care cuz you're giving them the hook anyway, but at the end they loop back for the first 3 seconds and you get that like 200% spike in the intro and that blows up your video. I love that method. Um, and then like if you're really good at this, you kind of try to do that with your whole script where nothing ever seems like it ends. Uh, but so you built a $30 million company before graduating high school, >> I guess. Yeah. I mean, I dropped that at 15, but I guess in theory. >> What's the What's the company? >> It's called Crayo.ai. It's a video editing software tool for short form content specifically. So, if you make videos on Tik Tok or YouTube Shorts, you can pretty much use our video editor to create your subtitles for you, add your background footage, create your script for you, even add your images. And I believe it's like one of the best tools out there, that gets the closest to creating a viral video for you. I believe AI, and it uses a lot of AI, but I I personally believe, and this might sound counterproductive for owning a software company, but I I believe AI cannot do 100% of the work for you, but it can do a lot of it. And so the smart people who use my tool are not going to use 100% of it and expect to go viral. They're going to use the parts that help their process, but they still have to gain the skill of how to be good. And so if I'm really good at writing a script, I can use AI to help me write a script faster and then fix it, right? If I'm really good at having subtitles or creating good subtitles, I can use AI to make me subtitles really fast so I don't have to put in the stress work of spending an hour writing titles or writing words, but then I can just tweak it after. And so like using AI, using AI to help your process is a much better way than letting AI do 100% of the work for you. And so I feel like the best people who use my software tool who get the best results are the ones who use the specific features that complement their skill sets to speed up their workflows. >> Yeah. Having a 30 million valuation at 18 is really unique. Daniel, >> I think valuations are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] though. >> Yeah, but I most valuations. You guys actually got an offer for that? >> We got an offer, but I I don't hold any weight to having a company worth 20, 30, $40 million. I honestly don't believe that I've gotten to like even 1% of where I want to get with Crayo, for example. I think Crayo should be like an industry standard and I want to build to that. So like a 30 million valuation doesn't really like it doesn't really like me fulfilled or happy or like accomplished in any way. Um I think it's cool but it's also vanity cuz it's not in my pocket, right? So it's like >> So you're not excited about 30 mil at 18? No. >> And you think do you think your next company's going to be bigger? >> Yeah. 100%. >> Daniel, you're 18. Uh, your company's valued at $30 million. You've made millions of dollars yourself through a bunch of different businesses. What's the best piece of advice you've ever received? >> I heard this piece of advice and I've literally been like living it for the last two months and it's not my it's not my saying, but Horoszi said this and I don't know why. It just really stuck with me. It's work so hard and put so much output in that it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. >> He said that on this podcast. >> There's no way he said that on this >> Yeah, he said figure out what you want, ignore the opinions of others, and do so much work that you success, bro. Like, he definitely has like a script in his brain or something, >> dude. That would that's been in my brain since I filmed it. >> I don't think you understand. Like I I've been living by that. Like I've never worked this hard in my life. >> And I don't even know what other saying to say because like it's his. I'm not taking credit for it, but it's just like I've literally been like living my life around that specific like metric. Like just put so much output it would be unreasonable for you to not succeed. Like I want the odds in my favor. Well, since Horosi's given that one, I think that's a great one. I think that's probably top three I've heard, but what's the worst piece of advice? Or maybe what's something you would tell yourself if you were 16? >> Take big swings. I think a lot of people don't swing big. I think they try to build up to big swings, but I think if you just take big swings, you can get to where you want to be much faster. And I think what I'm doing recently is I'm taking very big swings. I've moved into LA with my team in my house. I'm taking big swings. I'm just trying to come at the throat of like these billion dollar corporations. And the only way to do that is to swing as big as they are doing. >> And is it just as easy to take big swings as it is to take small swings? >> Yes. You just have to have the gut for >> I think anybody can take big swings. >> I'd say it's a little harder, but I don't think it's as hard as anyone thinks it is. >> Harder in what metric? >> Like you might be doing a little bit more work than before, but >> you yourself deem what is hard. Like something I'm not good at is something someone else is amazing at. And so like it's not objectively hard. It's just subjectively hard. >> Well, Daniel, uh this is the Jagil podcast. This is your guest, Daniel Baton. Daniel Bittton. Um, where can people find you? >> Just search up Daniel Bidden on any social media platform and you'll find me. >> Beautiful. Thank you, brother. Pleasure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackneel [51 likes]: Work with Daniel 👇
https://gateway.ytportal.io/podcast
  2. @FamFu-FF [1 likes]: This video is super valuable. thank you
  3. @jackgoldman1 [1 likes]: NOT how much money did you make. How many people did you genuinely help? What good did you do for the world that is not "entertainment" but education, helping people be better and do better? Fame is not a good unto itself. Money is not a good to itself. Money is just the score, not the game. How did you make the world a better place?
  4. @roadrageuniverse [1 likes]: I learned soo much from the kid
  5. @christiba9594: Yeah let Gen-Z’ capitalize on what they are born into coz that’s what they know best. Smart ones will make millions
  6. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  7. @Opticss: powerful podcast
  8. @Studio81000: i'll take a milli
  9. @SmartyPantsMoneyCents: Kinder Surprise Eggs are BANNED (last I heard) in America, because parents were giving the puzzle toys to children young enough to stick the pieces in their mouth, and NOT supervising, resulting in emergency trips to the hospital. Lol Canadians are smarter than that. 😂
  10. @AwakenedVibration: Of love for him to overthrow fb . I’m not a fan of the site
  11. @thegildedgeezer: Well Met!, Super awesome peeps from here on a 12*c with sunny intervals ☀ West Sussex, South Coast UK - Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. - What do you think of my shorts on my channel?
  12. @FocusPrinciples: This kid most deffo just inspired future millionaires
  13. @jackgoldman1: The revenge of the nerds.
  14. @FunnyRanking001: I know himmm
  15. @PhillipRandolphLive: 🗝️
  16. @manstuffusa: YouTube deletes or demonetizes content for no reason just like TikTok. I just lost 43 million views cuz they deleted my top short and they can't give me an example of my guideline violation.
  17. @EcomStories: what a genius
  18. @JesseBillsPr: FACEBOOK Viral 🔞 Is not for kid!😂
  19. @GlorifywithJesus: JESUS LOVES YOU ❤
  20. @ShadowCoreYT-n6l: nice

- Government Brainwashing Expert On How To Spot Lies & Influence Anyone - Chase Hughes: Kind: captions Language: en the fastest way to read a human being is to keep one question in your head it is today I'm talking to chase Hughes a US Government brainwashing and interrogation expert who spent 20 years in the military trained intelligence agencies later on became a neuroscientist and is regarded as the number one human behavior expert in the world there's a formula that I used to teach for actual brainwashing and it works the same to brainwash ourselves out of a behavior in this episode we dive into how to read anyone and cover their true motivations how to spot a lie and get them to reveal the truth how your personality shows up in the shape of your face a miracal compound that he takes to heal his brain and how to brainwash yourself before the world does it for you so put on your seat belts let's get into it being on the behavior panel you've looked at countless cases where you analyze human beings whether they're lying or not whether they've abducted or killed their own children yeah what's the most FAS or chilling case that you remember that you analyzed Aaron Cathy and that was the true embodiment of what a psychopath is and she had her parents murdered and her little brother who was a child and her boy she convinced her boyfriend to do all this and the boyfriend was not a psychopath no he I think he was just super suggestible and she knew how to pull he was just really really into her yeah and Dr Phil interviewed her and you could see those eyes and like just I never I've studied psychopathy for a long time but I never felt it until that video where you could just feel that that that's not a human being almost like there's no human in there that's that's a wild creature that has no that views a human being the same as throwing away a paper cup so you just see through the behavior of human beings little signs in their behavior in their facial expressions in their tone the words they use whether someone is a psychopath or whether someone's lying whether someone's concealing information what what did you see in her that gave that away and and I mean how could what are the what could we look for the the horrifying truth is that you can't can't spot a psychopath until after they've done something like that so you could have the 50 best behavior profilers in the world the top 50 and 99% we would be inaccurate in predicting who is a psychopath and who's not they're so hard to spot I teach a course for women on how to spot narcissists on a first date and that's a lot easier where if you ask him about an ex- relationship everything is someone else's fault they're always the victim narcissists will never have friends that are local they'll never have local people that are their friends they're always out of town I've got my friends are in another city uh so they they have a hard time maintaining relationship so you'll see a lot of that and that's like the number one Trend you'll see very similar things with Psychopaths and psychopaths are attracted to large cities uh in in my analysis uh Dr Robert ha has done most of the research on psychopaths in my analysis I think that cities are not just attracting Psychopaths I think that cities are helping to manufacture them in the book I have coming out I have a chapter in there called psychopath factories where I talk about the elements of a city and how it manufactures psychopathy there wasn't psychopathy before or at least not to the ex same extent and it breeds that it increases that I think it does let's talk about one thing that'll that'll make sense right away you've heard of the bystander effect right so for your listeners what this means is if I'm in a big city like New York or something like that and I get hurt and I'm laid on the ground and I'm wounded and I'm begging for help the more people that are around me the less likely I am to get help like people will take pictures they'll take videos they all assume that somebody else is going to call 911 but they'll stand there and watch so if I took this behavior in isolation and I told you a story about a person watching another person get stabbed and they stand there and watch they watch an interest you would call that person a psychopath when you get into a large city that behavior is common that is the bystander effect is the behavior of psychopaths so these us not relying on reputation and we're not in a tribe anymore our brains are not wired to handle millions of people they're wired to handle a tribe of about 150 so when we get to a big city we have no capacity for empathy for that many people so it gets shut off our brains say I can't do that and empathy goes away that's why we're we're in LA right now um we're driving around we just got off the freeway we shared a car here together people are bad drivers because there's no reputation you're never going to see those people again I don't have to rely on reputation that means I don't care what other people think so more psychopathy it's it's I think psychopathy is a spectrum and some people view it as a diagnosis of you have to fit this checklist of all these things to be a psychopath you can get close right which means that there's a line there's some kind of a spectrum there so what is it that you saw in that case that made it that specifically the most frightening chilling fascinating case for you the way that she recounted it was the same way that if I described picking up broccoli at at a grocery store is how she described all of that and the horror that happened she burned the house down uh afterwards or her boyfriend did but she uh made sure to rescue her dog and she was holding this dog while her boyfriend did all this and you could see Zero emotion on her face and you could see these little defense mechanisms she's a teen I think at the time uh these little defense mechanisms that she'd built throughout her life of looking innocent at Dr Phil with these little innocent eyes eyes and knowing that her looking like an innocent little girl was a learned deceptive calculated behavior is is horrifying to me wow so Psychopaths you can't spot them because they're so good at imitating certain behaviors they're very good at it wow but one of the one of the best ways to start and I'm never going to say like here's the list on how to do that because if anyone tells you they're like here's the way to spot a psychopath they're full of it um but you can start spotting a psychopath by looking at a person's face and seeing if they mirror your Expressions if I'm saying something exciting and that's cool see how your eyebrows just went up right yeah that's called an eyebrow flash reflex I'm not a psychopath that's a well as far as you know so if if I'm saying something sad like my aunt just got foot in the hospital or something like that and you see somebody's face kind of fall a little bit you're seeing a mirrored emotion other people's face sometimes Psychopaths don't know how to react so you'll either see a lack of affect where their their face has no reaction to it or you're going to see an inappropriate response so they'll smile on accident because they're trying to fake an expression if I want to tell you let me put you in the mind of a psychopath really quick and this is a story from Dr hair so I want you to imagine you live in a big city and you go down and you say you know I'm going to go get some fried chicken and I walk down and it's two blocks away and you're walking to the fried chicken place and you're walking by a car accident and a mom is bleeding out of her head she's holding her infant that's dying in her arms it would it would make anybody cry you know like it it's horrifying just me even talking about the simulated situation is been making me emotional but you walk by the situ ation and you stare at it for about a minute or two minutes you look at the people around and in your head you're going fried chicken that's it then you go pick up your Fried Chicken you go home and you stare at your face in the mirror going like this trying to mimic all the facial expressions that you just saw from the crowd that was observing this accident that's is so freaky yeah that is a movie scene you just described if anyone if there's any director out there who want to make a video about a movie about a psychopath this is the scene that you start with that's what you need yeah wow so I'm not really afraid of psychopaths in my life I've never encountered one oh yeah you have I probably have the what's the percentage I'm not sure what the percentage is but but we've all encountered some met I've never been affected by them to the point where I feel like oh I need to learn about it right however like anyone listening I have intimate relationships business Partnerships people I do business with people I get close to family members right what are some of the things that we can do to spot certain patterns in them that we should be aware of or like how can we get a quick read on someone not not for psychopathy right for anything to realize whether they're trustworthy whether they're telling the truth whether they they're authentic the fastest way to read a human being number one way is to keep one question in your head it is what does this person want me to feel about them and what do they want me to notice number one so what do they want me to notice about them and that's going to show you the beginnings of understanding the mask that people wear because everyone wears some kind of a mask and I'm not talking about a covid mask but I'm talking about like a Persona that I put on to the world and the way that I teach this to Military and government is the mask is made up of the things that this person built to conceal shame to conceal and shame is what we put on when we feel like we're not enough yeah shame is uh I shouldn't have done that I'm a bad person for doing that I need to hide it and not agreeing with something in our past or something that we're ashamed of and shame today is institutionalized it's it's a public weapon to use shame you could just log into Twitter and you'll see it in 30 seconds you'll see how shame is being weaponized so shame creates cognitive dissonance which is a mental discomfort mental discomfort says I don't want to be this uncomfortable in front of people that creates a mask so we wear these personas and these masks to cover up something so if you see somebody 90% 99% of us have a mask and this is the population of Earth how thin it is how thick it is that's what changes and what the mask is made of so if I'm seeing somebody Who's acting like he's posturing all the time he's yelling he's uh like just puffing his chest out the mask is usually the opposite of what it's concealing so I'm seeing a fearful little boy that's afraid of being hurt a Chihuahua yeah I'm seeing a Chihuahua that's barking and if I bark enough no one's going to hurt me and that's what I'm really seeing there that's what a mask is and then I guess another factor is how open or vulnerable are there are they with just revealing that they do wear a mask because I think some people they're just like yeah I do wear a mask yeah and this is my mask yeah and if if somebody's willing to talk about it and and be open about it and the second thing that I'm looking for is somebody's level of self-control every time so what does their mask look like what do what do they want me to believe so when I was uh raising my kids they were seven 8 N9 years old we'd pull up to a stoplight and there'd be a car in front of us covered in bumper stickers I would tell my son or my daughter what do you think those bumper stickers are trying to say if they had a voice and it would be like I did yosimite and there's a marathon thing and like I go fishing and like all kinds of crazy stuff and my daughter uh her name's Charlotte she would go well I'm adventurous I said all right keep going keep going what what does that mean to other people though uh it means that you can trust me okay what else it means I'm fun okay what else it means I'm uh I I'm a good friend what else I need friends what does that mean I'm lonely and like the you see so much going on and that's just one data point and I'm not saying that that's what that means every time mhm but if you start going down this Rabbit Hole of understanding human behavior the better you get at understanding humans the more that you're going to see loneliness shame and suffering it's every human being so the way that I uh deal with loneliness conceal shame and kind of anesthetize myself from suffering or equal human behavior what are some other common masks that you see you have the puffing out the chest you have the oh look I'm so fun yeah I'm friendly and fun be my friend I don't want to be alone what else is there there's a lot uh and there's the let's call it a porcupine so the porcupine is anybody that gets close uh needs to be reminded that this this is too close I don't want anybody in my intimate space so my my mask is I need to keep people away and it's different than the Chihuahua because I'll let people get close I'm not barking all the time they only get hurt when they get close to me mhm so that's another great mask and I I think there's different ways that we wear our masks and another mask is the let's call it a baby or a puppy like I I deal with Conflict by rolling over and looking innocent I'm I'm kind of using innocence as a way to do things and if you want to understand human behavior I'll give you the most this is the most perfect formula that you will ever get as far as I'm concerned so this is my opinion here's the most perfect formula for human behavior that I think will ever explain a human being I want to find out how this person reacts to conflict and how they make friends and how they socialize because every human being is a product of how when they were eight or nine years old how they earned friends gained rewards and kept themselves safe so what did I do at eight or nine years old to be safe all of those three well we have a tri we have something called a childhood development triangle maybe you could throw it up on the screen but what did I do to earn friends earn rewards and sometimes rewards are recognition if you grew up in a really bad environment sometimes the reward was water or food uh for a kid and then the third is what did I do to feel safe and those little behaviors that we memorize at eight or nine years old without us ever knowing we carry that into adulthood so I'm seeing childhood behaviors in every adult I'm seeing how they deal with conflict that's what worked at eight or nine and I just say eight or nine is a random number but in the in those formative developmental years so there's who do they want me to think what what do they want me to think about them uhuh and then what was the second thing again want me to notice what do they want me to notice level of self-control level of self-control what does that mean so I will look at somebody and and measure their level of discipline and you need no training for this so if you and I were seated at in the middle of an airport together and I said show me somebody who has a lot of discipline in their life you could see a high degree of self-control you'd be able to spot somebody anybody listening right now uh will be able to spot somebody with discipline and that's one of the first things I look at somebody's degree of self-control and I know that instantly even if they're a stranger they'll be more predictable in a good way like they're more likely to be trustworthy because they already discipline themselves they have self-control so if I know that I'm I'm getting into a business relationship or someone something with somebody that has self-control problems um and you may see this uh some people might think that that's somebody being overweight and they might have some self-control issues um then I'm just a little more cautious it's not that I'm not going to do it it's just I know to be a little cautious about any indicators of low self-control so if you're looking for a business partner somebody who's fit looks healthy takes care of themselves I mean it seems obvious right yeah but I think it's easy to overlook that I guess it's the same thing with an intimate partner right yeah and one of the fastest ways to estimate this for for ourselves is one of the ways that I ask my clients on a survey one of the questions on my client surveys is what would a stranger rate my diet on a 1 to 10 scale just by looking at me from 10 yards away how would a stranger rate what I eat every day is it good or bad and that's a pretty good way to to start that off and just thinking about it in my own life or your own life is what kind of self-control am I projecting to the world mhm what's your read on on my mask uh your mask is I need to be harmless and so you have more of a puppy mask and that's how you dealt with Conflict at the age of eight or nine is I'm going to be more and more innocent and I'm going to use innocence to solve this problem I'm going to stay out of conflict if I can kind of just be nice and kind let's just everybody become friends with each other really quick as fast as possible mhm yes I think that's very accurate one of the things we talked about yesterday as well MH how do I get out of that because I have a side of me that's when that comes out you do not want to get in my way right yeah and I'm afraid of that pot MH but it it it comes out in moments where it's necessary but my first go-to is kind how would you approach something like that somebody notices their mask whatever it might be I you need to get in touch with whatever the opposite of that mask is so for yours it would be becoming harmful and I am not a violent person would you agree like I'm I'm a pretty chill dude MH uh but I am better at violence than probably most people that you know so I'm excellent at violence that does not make me uh harmless it makes me Do no harm so I I think that once you get familiar and intimately familiar with whatever the opposite of the mask that we wear is we get to a point where we no longer need the mask to cover things up it's so fascinating because as you're talking about this I feel like with certain people I am humble gentle yeah whereas I think there's a bunch of people and I told you this before in the previous episode there's a lot of people who found me intimidating and when I'm around them they're just you can just sense that and I'm finding myself being gentle on purpose to make them comfortable yeah so I guess we can have multiple masks depending on who we're interacting with right yeah yeah but I think that that's the same mask though okay I need to I need to become softer so that they can get softer I soften to solve problems and that's kind of what that is like I'm I'm going to get softer and for somebody that wears that mask on a regular basis they're going to say well yeah that's how we solve problems like I'm not going to be a dick because they see me not wearing this mask means it's I'm the opposite of this not a spectrum they view like if I don't do this it's the opposite I have to be a dick does that make sense yeah but there's a way to deal with conflict in a very direct way and very confident uh dealing with it and and it's not a dick you know what I mean so it sounds like if you're a Chihuahua who's barking a lot and he's puffing your chest yeah you're actually a yeah I was I was until 24 I was a okay and if you're a puppy who's like oh look how nice I am then you're actually a dick just okay yeah yeah I mean that I think that uh I I have that side of me where I'm like very impatient I can be very impatient with people and I hit the brakes I'm like it's fine kindness you know but I have that like so and I guess embracing that making peace with that doc side yeah and that was I mean Carl Jung's spent his whole life talking about this and like getting familiar with our shadow and I think if we do that and we know ourselves I think that's the biggest problem for most people is that we don't fully know ourselves and I think I was like 26 before I realized who the hell I was and it took maybe another 10 years before I started really getting it my wife knew herself in like Middle School mhm like 10 times more more mature than I am uh and I think that's a the biggest problem for most people is that they don't know who they really are because and that means that someone else will will be able to tell youh and other people will be able to influence that if I'm not absolutely certain of what I am then somebody else can tell me what I am so if like you're certain that you drive a a Chevy truck and you come over and say oh that's that's a Honda Accord that's that's hilarious to me because I know it and we know other things in our life better than we know who we truly are as as a human being and I mean like The Faults the insecurities can I be okay with just knowing that about myself and then just live and maybe that's just getting out of the simulating uh life and just living a real one yeah and I guess people can actually see behind our masks very clearly some yeah I guess so because I feel like even when I'm playing nice people can still feel the undercurrent of he's doing this because he's actually impatient yeah and he's like come on let's go yeah and he's actually intense yeah and so I'm like why do people think I'm intense I'm trying so hard to but you know and the same thing is with with a with a guy who's beating his chest and everyone's like deep down that guy's really insecure like we all know it everybody knows it right and so I want to make this relevant for everyone listening instead of just making it about my everything's got to be about you that's what you're doing right now I love it that's true that's part of my mask again right it's like oh let's put the FOC I love putting the focus on other people as well that's what I notice in conversations as well like if somebody asks me a question to talk about myself I take it like this and then bring it right back to them you did that to me last night yes like two or three times yeah yeah I do that all time it's I think yeah I think it's a it's a protective it's a protective mechanism like I don't want you to look into me as much I want to figure out your stuff yeah because then I'm in control yeah um and I've seen that so many times in this this program that I did recently with it's like an emotional intelligence type of thing and you work with a bunch of people um but so it sounds like for people listening if they can figure out okay what what's my mask is it the puppy is it the beating the chest is it the porcupine get away from me don't mess with me um whichever other ones there are that I think people can figure it out we could throw the chart on the screen if you yeah I'll throw the chart on the on the screen I guess the the way to get out of that is to go the opposite embrace the opposite which is if you're a porcupine for example I know I know friends of mine who are like I don't give a what anyone thinks yeah and I know deep down actually really care right and they want other people to think they want everyone to think that they don't care yeah what they think which is like goes back to question number one is what do they want me to feel or what do they want me how do they want me to interpret their behavior the way they want me to interpret them is they don't need me yeah they're independent and and powerful and strong and don't need a lot of people in their life yes and those people I know deep down care the most and it's the most beautiful part about themselves yeah and they really care what other people think and sometimes I have a specific friend of mine where that it shows up and yeah I think what what's behind that is trust issues and it's I actually really care about what people think I want you to love me yeah but I'm trying so hard to be independent and so right I guess guess it is about what is my Masque what's the opposite of that what's the emotion that I don't want to I don't want to feel or that I don't want to want other people to perceive about me what would I be embarrassed if someone revealed at a party what would embarrass me most and that's what's under your mask so and that's the shame that's hiding right so if I was in the middle of a party and somebody threw something up on TV that would be what that would be what it is and I'm I don't want any body to think that once you find your mask that it's some kind of exit door there's no exit like we're programmed to do this we're programmed to wear masks as human beings MH that's one of the four things you talked about in one of your books the six-minute X-ray four truths about human beings and two of them were we all wear a mask and we all pretend to not wear one yeah so it's so true and the the fourth law is um everyone is a product of childhood suffering and childhood reward we're just children yeah what did we need to be loved be safe yeah be liked and I I I think up until I was probably 35 and this is embarrassing to say but I was a pure unadulterated ego addict absolutely addicted to my ego how I looked to the point where I I started deliberately destroying um the clothing that I thought was really cool looking and stuff and I would wear stuff that was to baggy for a little while and I did everything I could until I found my first psychedelic journey and like just unzipping and stepping out of that that ego was like whoa none of this matters all right none of this matters there goes the monetization of this video anyways let's talk psychic okay let's do [Music] it my bank account just went what if we uh say this video is sponsored by uh exactly Yeah by Nature um yeah I definitely want to get into psychedelics um because it's I mean it's a huge part of I guess your journey right uh and what part um and I'm fascinated by it I want to put a pin in that and close the loop on the whole idea of what can we look for in other people when we engage in business in Intimate Relationships in anything like that what are the key characteristics you look for one of the things you mentioned was self-control mhm that's a good sign what is another sign that I can trust this human being they have solid character like is it like you talk for example you talk about suggestibility you can tell whether someone's suggestible or not is that a good thing agreeableness is that a good thing is it a bad thing um social skill like can they handle conflict well do they know how to kind of deescalate conflict without a whole lot of problem MH the one big one that I look for and if if it's a business partner is do they are they interested in other people like do they actually ask questions or or do they view Life as a transactional process and if it's a transactional person I don't want them anywhere near me I don't even want them knowing my address so I will I will if especially if it's business I I do not want anybody that's a transactional relationship person because they will view my clients as little ATMs numbers and I on screen yeah it's disgusting to me and I invited my clients to my wedding and they met my parents and and I was like I'm challenge you like I talk about like do I live off camera the same way that I talk about online this in my because I think most gurus don't I think the like and I hate that word but I think people who train in self-development and confidence let's do this morning routine I don't think they do that and I think that's one of the biggest problems is that if you're out there saying you need you need to wake up at 4:00 A.M and you're not doing it uh that shows so our we're not all body language experts and but the lower part of our brain is a body language expert it's reading behavior all day every single day and it's very good at it the problem is that the lower part of your brain cannot speak English it has no language comprehension whatsoever so it can't tell you what's going on it speaks feelings though so it gives that little feeling in your stomach like something's not right something doesn't add up here so one of the first things I teach to all the clients that are going through my like a VIP thing that I've got going on it's called graduate school is you are in the business of manufacturing gut feelings in other human beings you're making gut feelings in other people all day every day on accident and now it's time to learn how to do this on purpose and you go into the bathroom and you try to imitate yeah that's going to stick in your head for a while oh God that's a chilling image horrifying yeah yeah um how do you know whether someone's transactional what are the telltell signs how do they respond uh after an evening out like do they send a text the next day and say hey thanks for that or are you seeing just like data like or they only want to know data like what time are we meeting next or what time is this going to happen and you get into a conversation with them and they let's say you get into a one hour talk with them on Zoom or something and the the entire talk is business numbers strategies not uh where you from do you have kids you know how is everybody is everybody doing okay there like are they connecting with a human or are they connecting for some kind of Bank transaction MH and it's pretty obvious to see pretty quickly if somebody's a real human or not a real human yeah and I want only those kind of people in in my company like if anyone talks to my sales people my sales staff nicest human beings in the world and they care about people they they follow up with you for years afterwards asking about your kids and this is not some sop that I wrote that's just the type of people that I hired you know because they're good human beings yeah I could see a lot of people sending the follow-up text the next day now because they like oh I learned this somewhere to not be transactional um so that's for business partner yeah what about a a close friend or an intimate partner what are some of the things that you the traits that you would look for that give the chase stamp of approval at least at least a good indicator I green flags if I'm looking for a partner I am married by the way but if I am looking for a partner number one thing above everything else is the degree of artificiality that that person is comfortable with so if I see someone and they're getting their dopamine from likes on Instagram I will never compete with that even if we're in a relationship that that addiction is still going to be there and they're living this kind of artificial life on Instagram they're and they make YouTube videos and their personality is fake their background is fake they they clean up just the little area of their house or like the video is going to be M uh and everything on Instagram is curated and perfect I know that that person is extremely comfortable with artificiality they're they're living in a simulation literally mhm they're simulating it I guess they just wear a thick mask yeah and not just online but probably shows up in real life as well big time yeah and how can you tell whether someone took their mask off is it just a feeling is it just how do you know they wear a mask uh when somebody is comfortable talking about like oh man I was really embarrassed by that instead of in it or you know wow that was an uncomfortable silence I I felt a little anxiety when we had that just openly talking about things that most people would normally hide you mentioned yesterday two questions you would ask someone what were they number one on a scale from 1 to 10 how authentic would you rate yourself yeah to be and the least authentic people are going to say nine or 10 yes what if they say three or four yeah if they say say three or four and you say well why would you rate yourself out three or four and they're like well I mean when I'm when I'm really anxious in public I'll put a suit jacket on and make myself feel more important or I'll I'll get really nervous if I'm on camera and and somebody's filming me I don't take pictures very well little self-conscious that's an authentic person MH because an authentic person never feels really authentic because they are open about all the ways that they are inauthentic which means they're comfor level with inauthenticity is low yes they're aware of the mask and they're willing to talk about it yeah and so anyone who says 10 I I don't wear a mask yeah either they they're so unself-aware that they actually believe they don't wear a mask or they're the Daly Lama or they're the Daly Lama or they know they're wearing a mask but they're so inauthentic that they're not even willing to admit it yeah right like there's a part of them that know know like oh yeah and they just let me fast forward this video yes second question you asked someone this was specifically for meeting women yeah you remember the second question yeah I want you to say it though because I'm I'm my I'll never say anything on a podcast I wouldn't want my mom to hear okay so Chase didn't say this this is just what I suggested as a second question would would be if you're meeting a a woman as a man you ask her do you fought this is and again this is not the opening line This is as a joke oh that's why that didn't work in the middle of the conversation yeah I'm sorry instructions unclear yeah so just that question alone uh if it's presented in a fun way and you're a confident person and you ask it kind of in a joking way the response to that question is going to be so profoundly revealing of how authentic that person is and how fun they are you'll you'll get an instant measurement of like the fun level and the authenticity at the exact same time yeah what would be a question for women to ask men uh that reveals authentic that does the same thing yeah it's like a funny question because obviously men are disgusting and they of course they've well women are more likely to dig right and ask about someone's family and things like that MH so for women the number one question that a woman can ask a guy is what's the biggest thing you learned about yourself through through like the last few relationships you had and you'll hear a lot of people say well I learned not to trust people because this girl was a or you know she some girl cheated on me and I learned that I should never do X Y and Z because of this and it's always even all the stuff they learned about themselves is somebody else's fault MH the second thing that they're going to do is what I learned about myself is that I am strong enough and I deserve more and like then they'll start inflating themselves so the authentic person will say whoa I had this relationship I realized that I was not strong enough to do X or I had insecurities around this that question alone what is the biggest thing you learned about yourself if someone has a mask on that's the perfect opportunity for me to show you how powerful my mask is MH it's also the perfect opportunity for an authentic person to to Really genuinely give you an answer yeah great I love that to stay on the topic of influence reading people yeah what are some of the things you use day-to-day to get an outcome that you want to get someone to reveal information like what are some of the things that people could use right away if they wanted to leave with something that they yeah just want to use right now there's a tactic that uh all intelligence operatives learn and it's called elicitation I just burped really big you can leave it in yes I will um elicitation was invented by this guy named John Nolan or invented discovered uh written about whatever uh and his book uh business secrets and you can't find it anymore unless you get a used copy on eBay but you use statements instead of questions to get the most powerful information from other people when a person's being asked a question it raises is a a little door in the brain that says I need to be careful about the answer if you're responding to a statement your brain does not have that little security guard that comes out and so as a light example let's just imagine you and me took an Uber to get here and let's imagine you and me get we're going to take an Uber back after this we get into that Uber and I say you I just read online that Uber drivers were rated the number one job satisfaction of all the jobs in the country and I just said a statement right and he's going to turn turn around and go what where where did you see this so that starts a conversation and then he says no it's really bad you know I do this this and they take the money and this and this and then I do disbelief this is another technique disbelief says no way there's no way that company would treat you like that he goes oh yeah you will never guess what happened just a couple weeks ago and then he just kind of goes into this deep story that he would never tell another client what who does he tell these stories to friends I've made his brain start behaving in friend mode and I haven't even asked any questions yet and then let's say he goes into a story and then I say you know my neighbor's daughter uh started driving for Uber and she said she saw the wildest things happen in her back seat and then you're going to hear a story again and I have not asked any questions and the way that I teach this is if you and I are standing at the grocery store and there's a a young lady over there stalking fruits and I said all right Leon you've got 60 seconds to go up to this person and find out how much they make for a living and you're not allowed to ask any questions it's it's tough to think about that so if if I went over to her and I said hey I'm trying to find the baby carrots or whatever and she starts walking me over somewhere haven't asked a question yet that was a statement and then I say I just read on LinkedIn that you guys got bumped up to $22 an hour that's unbelievable that's great congratulations to everybody here that's amazing and she goes what we only make 1750 everybody does I've got the I've got that and there was no willingness there was no uh stress around this is financial information I can't talk about sex can't talk about money because we're in America so there I avoided that social barrier because there was no question being asked so the a different way to do this is called quotes facts and figures and you deliberately say I saw a YouTube video read an article did something that said X Y and Z and it triggers a need in the human brain that's almost irresistible and it's called the need to correct the record I need to set the record straight H which is what I was talking about in The Uber that's fascinating and the next way we do this is just making what's called a provocative statement so let's say I asked you what you do for a living and you say well I make YouTube videos and uh I'm now I'm starting this new podcast thing and it's been uh interesting it's been a good career change and I say wow YouTube that has got to be challenging yeah and then you and then it it starts coming out it's like people can't resist and then let's say you said well yeah it's challenging we did this this and monetizing and YouTube language and whatever else I said I cannot imagine what that is like that's got to be really stressful it's it's got probably keeps you up at night and then just yeah I mean when I'm editing videos and then I'll just let's say you just talked about editing a video and I said editing videos and then you would keep talking I would probably push the question back on you what do you do yeah yeah well you did yeah what were what were the instances where I did that actually last night do you remember the questions did are you thinking we had this conversation oh redirected it redirected it back to you I think we were talking about psychedelics and you were and I was asking you like about your journey and you said what was your journey like what was it like for you why do you think I'd do that I think uh number one you're a great listener you like learning about people number two uh it makes sure in your brain that the other person becomes vulnerable first okay which I was okay with yeah interesting the the the techniques you just shared about getting someone to reveal information they normally wouldn't yeah I think the reason why the getting the record straight is so powerful because when you bring up a stat a figure something I noticed that too in in YouTube videos when I talk about something there's always someone who's like no that study is not real that's it's not right I think it it just giving someone the opportunity to prove a study or a statistic wrong with their own Insider information is such a dunk opportunity like feels so good for those people it's so irresistible yeah um and then the provocative statement how what exactly is the V ative statement it's it's something that like how do I make sure that is that it is a provocative statement it's any statement that elicits a response from the other person is a provocative statement so technically me doing quotes facts and figures saying I saw this video or whatever is still a provocative statement but most short easy provocative statements start with the word so like so you've been doing this for a year and you're you've probably become an expert by now or I bet so or I bet so I bet that's got to be really challenging I can't imagine that's good so or I bet okay so we got a way to elicit information from people y that they normally wouldn't what are some other things that you use on a day-to-day basis that people could use as well to see if they can trust someone to test someone's honesty anything really or even just to read someone yeah I think uh in everyday conversations if you're if you're looking at a person the number one thing that you can look for is how often they're blinking and this sounds really Behavior nerdy but our blink rate how often our eyes blink is the number one indicator of stress and we are unaware so like if you're watching this video right now you've been watching us for 38 minutes or however long it is without being aware of how often you're blinking and it's unconscious which means that it's reliable because you're not paying attention to it so stress makes our blink rate go way up so our average blink rate every day in conversation is about 15 to 18 per minute and in high stress scenarios like when I was taking like the math part of my SATs or taking an exam that I was unsure about my blink rate was probably 80s or 90s it's that high and when you're watching a movie that you really love it's so when we have an increased level of focus focus lowers blink rate stress increases it Focus can bring it down like if I'm watching a movie like Interstellar uh my blink rate was probably three not joking don't notice yeah so your eyes stay open longer because we're focused on something so if I'm in a conversation with a person and the moment they start talking about finances or taxes or a a criminal record or you know any kind of topic and I see that blink rate start going up you don't have to count I mean it's very obvious if someone's blinking I start a conversation are they blinking regular fast or slow that's it all I'm looking for from that point on is a change a change in that person's blink rate and what what were they talking about when I saw those eyes start blinking faster and were they talking about uh their ex were they talking about um something that they saw on TV that stressed them out and I know this topic is stressful even though they're pretending like it's not that is one of the most reliable indicators of stress in the moment can we talk about the conversation we witnessed yesterday what happened yesterday with FaceTime yes let's not say any names but okay we won't say any names I was I was going to do that too okay so there's a friend of yours that we spent some time with yesterday yeah and he called up a girl that he's been seeing yeah and you told him hey do this and then let's see what happens yeah and he basically tried to figure out if this girl has been with someone the previous day because she went out with some friends or if she was being deceptive yes yeah she was concealing something yeah and it was fascinating to witness because we were all sitting there he's FaceTiming her and you like you pull up close to the screen and you're like she's hiding something she's hiding something yeah she's not on the truth instantly instantly and it was so incredible to witness and so exciting I wish I would have filmed the whole thing but of course there was you know privacy needed yeah but what are the things that you saw in that girl and what what went down where you're like okay something's up here so Leon's not saying the word woman because she is young enough to use the word uh girl ah yeah yeah I know some people find it offensive woman whatever he asked her did anything happen last night over FaceTime so my face is like this far from the iPad off camera though like I'm not in in the scene imagine this like you're just sitting right next hovering over the the lens who's this guy so he he asked her this question and right away there was an increase in blink rate there was uh pupil dilation and there was Scara exposure the white of the eye got exposed above up here meaning the eyes widened the eyes widened like this it's probably a sign of danger something bad is happening I need to really pay attention right now and not say anything wrong yep be careful the the pupil dilation is the black of the eyes gets wider yes the black part of the center of the eye widens and you could tell that even through a FaceTime on a FaceTime video yeah wow next the lips Drew horizontally backwards and this is a fear response you can see it in a all of these facial expressions you can see in a three-month-old baby or a newborn they're still there like if you have a newborn baby and like you let it think that the baby's falling like you lower it really quickly you'll see that movement so the next movement is this little muscle jumps out in front of the kateed artery to protect your arteries it's the sternal cleat mastoid muscle and we saw all of that so we saw increased blink rate a pupil dilation scleral exposure with the eyes widening mouth going back towards the face and the sternal Cleo mastoid muscles and vocal hesitation she paused more than every other question that he asked her and we saw a lack of pronouns and a sudden lack of pronouns is a very good indicator and I mean sudden if if the person never uses pronouns then it's it's worthless MH so what did she say do you remember so the first couple of questions she says I did this and then we went to do this and then we went to a restaurant and then I did this and both of us did this and then he said what happened last night and or what happened after that and she goes well went home watched a movie went to bed instead of we went I went there's no we there's no I all the pronouns disappear and that's a that's a very reliable deception indicator and all those indicators that I just talked about that Giant mountain happened in less than 4 seconds so we saw this interaction mhm him talking to her he was I think he was surprised he was oh no okay makes sense and you were like she's concealing something yeah like 10 I saw 10 signs yeah and that happened in 4 seconds that immediately boom there's a stress response yeah because she's concealing information her entire nervous system responds differently and you see a cluster of behaviors one of them could be something else right like maybe the eyes are dry whatever but combined it creates more reliability there's something being concealed because now I'm seeing a mountain so the the way to read human behavior is change first can you detect changes and screw all the other books about body language are can you get good at spotting changes in how a person acts next is clusters so I'm spotting a change right is it just one change or is it a cluster so now we get into clusters then we get into context like she crossed her arms and never uncrossed her arms well is it 50° in the room so so that's context right so there's context that changes it and then you're still dealing in likelihood so then he hangs up the phone for just he's like oh I got to talk to my mom hangs up the phone and then I give him a twom minute maybe a 75 second long course in interrogation I say you say this this this and this and he did that and the truth came out there was something being concealed for sure and you were there watching yeah so what yeah what would you do if you wanted someone to reveal information once you see they're concealing something what is something that could be done to get behind it because it could mean anything it could be okay she cheated it could be that there's something else she's not wanting to reveal which was the case which was the case she did not cheat um but there was something that she concealed and so how could how could you once you know somebody likely concealing likely concealing like it's one way to know but it's another way to actually get the information out like what is it yeah this is where elicitation those techniques of using statements is not enough so at this point in an interrogation uh that what we call this confrontation so now it's time to actually have a confrontation and it doesn't have to you don't have to be an but you need to say say something that says you know something's not something's not was off about that and in the interrogation room I might say something like uh Leon I know you're a good person I've been doing this a long time and if there's one thing I know for sure it's when I'm not getting the full story MH and you can feel the stress right I can see the stress on your face just from doing this and it's very kind but it produces some stress I've been doing this a long time or if I'm just talking to a person I know I'd say Leon I like you as a person I've known you a long time and if there's one thing I know it's when I'm not really getting the full story here it doesn't accuse them yep it creates a safe space safe space and then we move into something called a monologue and this is where we have four goals socialize rationalize minimize and project so ize people are going to understand minimize not a big deal rationalize anybody would have done that it makes perfect sense and then project it's not your fault so this is just creating a Bedrock Foundation of whatever you're sharing with me it's safe yeah and there's there's not going to be consequences in The Art of War sunzu has a quote that I think is so perfect to describe this and it's build your opponent a golden bridge upon which they can retreat treat and that's what that is so socialize minimize rationalize project those in in real language let's say I'm really trying to get a confession out of a person let's say it's a person who um stole a bunch of money from a business or a bank I was going to do like a predator type person but I don't think the transcript of this video would probably get it blocked or something or depop poiz or whatever it's called yeah so let's do the money guy so we want to socialize right the first and I would say John this makes sense and I think once people understand the kind of person you are and the reason that you did this I think everybody who understands this is going to fully agree and understand why you did this minimize and we're not talking about a million dollars I deal with those people all the time I talk to bad people every day of my life and I know you're not one of those people this is a small tiny amount of money it's not a big deal what what happened was not a big deal and people get over this people get through this it's not it's not huge I feel the golden bridge being built I can slowly take my first few steps yeah what's the next step rationalize rationalize and John I know that your aunt has had piling up medical bills she's been suffering she's going through chemotherapy and all that stuff anybody in their right mind this makes perfect sense why you could do this and now we're moving into to project and this company doesn't pay you they don't pay any of their employees anything and your that your medical bills are piling up as well because you don't have good medical insurance I think anybody in your situation especially with the way this company treats you and they don't check for any security they don't if they wanted to keep that money secure they would have locked it up they don't anybody would have done this in your situation and it makes perfect sense so what I'd like to put in my report here is that you did this for good reasons so what I want to know is did you take that 10,000 to go spend on cocaine and heroin or were you trying to help someone well I didn't do it right hopefully so here's the thing right if if somebody's innocent they would still be like yeah well that's all good for that person but I didn't do it yeah and so that's probably the first response that you get from someone who's innocent it's like well you don't need to give me this monologue I yeah you get anger yeah it's like innocent people get angry guilty people try to build rapport yes they they they take the first step on the golden bridge and they're like is this safe is this is this yeah let me make you into a friend uh I need to make you a friend and innocent people don't care how you view them there's they're saying this is insane I do not belong here and there's a few questions before we get to that part of an interrogation there's a couple of questions that we use to get a good read on whether or not I'm dealing with the right person and the first one is called a um bait question or or you can call it a mind virus uh so let's say you're OJ all right and you were OJ Simpson you were at what you did whatever last night and you come into the interrogation room and I say hey OJ I appreciate you coming in um we've got officers out there canvasing the streets and we've got tons of people doing lots of research I just want and I like you a lot as a as a person and I just want to say I I want you to think carefully before you answer this is there any reason that somebody would have said that they saw you at Nicole's last night if you were there you're freaking out and I didn't say I have a video I didn't I'm not lying in saying that I have any of this evidence but I am saying is there any reason that this would have happened and or that you would know because you may have inside information right right and I I did this recently with a massage therapist who was accused of sexually touching people while giving them massages and doing weird stuff and we lined him up to this and I finally went in and said is there any reason that a video would surface now that may be a cell phone or something like that that shows some of the stuff happening and it was instantly you could see sweat this is on the Dr Phil show live on TV wow and it you could see sweat and we we didn't want to get to full confession mode there so it was working the next question to figure out whether I need to do the confrontation in golden bridge is now let's put you back in the mindset of a perpetrator again or somebody who did something oh J OJ and OJ I'm curious like what do you think should happen to the person that did this what do you think should happen to the person that did this and that helps me to kind of differentiate innocent and guilty people especially if a child was harmed uh and you'll hear this a lot in people who hurt kids I'll just say that so that's people know what I'm talking about and I'll say what do you think should happen to the person that that did this and they'll say oh uh definitely an apology to the family definitely an apology to the family but this this person probably needs some kind of help or counseling something like that they need some kind of help but they should definitely apologize this is not not okay and they they really need to to see some therapy and fix themselves who would say that who would say this in the world about a person who hurt children somebody who's guilty right and wants to minimize what they did and wants to get off the leash as much as possible yeah fascinating and the reason why it's so powerful the question of is any reason to believe that I may have heard something it it gives them the chance to at least be honest and be like yes I did it or yes I'm I wasn't fully honest with you because if you find out later that they lied it's much more severe than okay they admitted it and those are the worst people to do interrogations on because you've got to say things like she was old enough to know what she was doing her mom didn't raise her right I'm willing to bet this was her idea she probably talked you into doing this you projected on the victim yeah and you have to yeah kind of put yourself on that mindset just it's I'm getting nauseous thinking about it but yeah that's the way to get those people to confess to get anybody to confess to anything it's it's a pretty similar formula for everything and the powerful thing about the Mind virus is it creates a lot of stress in them when you ask them is there any reason that I would have a video or have heard something that right would prove this yeah it creates a ton of stress in them if they're guilty or they're concealing something and zero stress for innocent people if they're innocent they're like go ahead yeah personally I would probably be worried that there's some sort of AI generated video or something and I'm that's actually one of my fears is being wrongfully accused of something yeah and then going to jail for that I'll would be that's awful so I guess it could still create stress but not it's a different kind it's a different kind different flavor yeah I just finished building an entire protocol for Chris Hansen the guy who catches Predators on TV mhm uh so Chris and I uh are are friends now and I built this like nine-page protocol of these perfect scripted on liners that will make these guys start to confess on camera so the upcoming episodes I'm so excited about wow you can see that's my line yeah he did nice so those are things that people can use one of the things you mentioned yesterday casually is you're talking with your friend about oh yeah you like you randomly mentioned my name and you said something like oh yeah Leon's pretty open-minded you can see it by his his eyes they're pretty low eyelids lower eyelids and I was like what do you mean oh you have lower eyelids which is a sign that I'm less likely to make this facial expression where you you pull your eyelids in skepticism skepticism and but both of us have the same lower eyelids let's both look into our individual cameras we can maybe do a side by side here I'm giving you editing work of your own podcast great okay so over time our facial expressions etch onto the face usually by the time we're like 16 17 it's not like old people wrinkles so like if someone's seeking social approval their whole life this is how we seek approval from other people no that's why I have the lines on my forehead yeah because I'm seeing a social person you see a psychopath blank forehead beautiful wrinkle free yes it looks like Botox in a psychopath you see a person that spent their whole life super happy and in full enjoyment you're going to see these crows feet here from smiling all the time on the side of the eyes yeah you see somebody who's been depressed or angry you're going to see this muscle right here forms these two wrinkles this is called the globella it forms these two wrinkles so you'll see lifetimes of behavioral patterns etched onto the face I call this facial etching and when somebody's depressed you see it on the face but skepticism M makes us squeeze the lower eyelid up like this and you can see this in anybody I have no idea whether it's proven science or not my Sciences I've done research on this for 30,000 hours in in real life on facial expressions but skepticism squeezes this lower eyelid up here so somebody the less skeptical someone has spent their lifetime this is my theory uh so grain of salt MH uh the more suggestible that person is and and I think people are happier okay your theory is that people with lower eyelids are more suggestible but the idea that people who are skeptical for most of their life have different low eyelids that's that's not your theory that's widely accepted amongst people or well the the facial expression of skepticism is widely agreed upon okay that that Expressions etch onto the face is agreed upon so what are some of the signs that people can see in the people in their lives when they look at them the lower eyelids is one thing the crows feed you mentioned happiness consistent seeking of social approval I could see somebody 30 yards away and see if they're even 30 years old 20 years old those lines on the forehead and know that that person will be very easy to start a conversation with because all I've got to do is go oh hey how are you and the eyebrow flash is repeated by humans 90% of the time without the other person knowing just walking by a total stranger saying oh hey good morning their eyebrows will instinctively go up especially if they're a social person uh then if if we see anything in the center here this globella is a person with anger depression because that's the facial expression of anger squeezes those two muscles together and if you ever see a horseshoe muscle like right here uh it's very hard to fake I try to do it all the time but if you just type in grief muscle into Google Images you'll have something to slap on the screen right now that's a grief muscle what you're looking at right now I'm intentionally going to do it a few seconds after you said right now perfect I can't wait okay so that's it and you can determine suggestibility by the lower eyelid and I've tested this with three hypnotists who have tested it out on over 15,000 hypnotic subjects and it is a 100% according to these three guys a 100% correct so those are the most easily hypnotized people in a crowd because they do like comedy hypnosis in a bar where they like bring people up on stage like oh you're smelling a fart and it smells real bad that kind of stuff um so that they've told come back and said that is the most accurate predictor of suggestibility I've ever seen the the smoothness of the lower eyelid yeah so there is a there's a young lady in here running our podcast behind a big screen there also smooth lower eyelids suggestible I'm I'm very suggestable so I'm not like vaccinated because I learned all this stuff where I I can't get manipulated or anything I'm I'm just as susceptible as anybody else MH but it is a great indicator and I used it in my fictional book called phrase s which will be a a TV series soon um this bad guy uses the lower eyelids to determine who's going to be the easiest to make into a killer using hypnosis wow I bet that not only in the face can we tell what emotions people consistently feel but also the posture because it's part of the whole nervous system right if you have someone with I mean it's obvious if you have someone who's hunched over the protected they're heart if you have someone who tucks in their tailbone or something I think all these are indicators right one one of the biggest ways to see this is if you see constant behavior of Limbs protecting arteries so the the upper bone of the arm this is called the humoris squeezes in toward the Torso on a regular basis to protect the brachial artery the person's shoulders are raised up a little bit to protect the cored artery a little bit more these ones yep on the neck yep so if someone was like that they would be really comfortable yeah and you think that's how primates will show each other that they I'm not you're not a threat to me and I'm challenging you humans do it too when you do that you say oh what's up I'm opening all these arteries at the same time I'm I'm not threatened at all so that's when you see barf fights start to happen it's like this artery exposure behavior and you see it in baboons uh bonobo chimps human beings exactly the the same why are suggestible people happier what do you think is it because they just have less masks and they're less on defense yeah I think they they spend their life in they're more present instead of being like screening every piece of information that's coming in they're not Vigilant they're not on God yeah yeah I guess they're vulnerable and able to yeah able to just experience life's ups and downs yeah and I think the vulnerability is the pathway the pathway to a better life no matter what mask you wear if you can force yourself to be more vulnerable people like it and there's some disgusting belief in our culture that if I'm on social media I've got to pretend to be perfect that's the only way I'm going to be liked is to pretend to be perfect and we were doing this yesterday the friend that we were talking about my friend going through Instagram and he's showing me he's asking me to profile women for him and going through all these accounts I'm like no this woman is a complete simulation this woman is absolutely fake everything personality everything is fake and it's if you ever watch the Amber herd Johnny Depp trial that is the difference between someone who's open to being wounded Johnny Depp y just open open to everything he's very vulnerable openly talks about the drugs and all that stuff and on the flip side the person that takes a on the bed yeah and and pretends to be perfect at the same time and Flawless you can't do both at the same time take a on someone's bed allegedly allegedly oh that was not confirmed yeah it was never fully confirmed so we need to make sure you that okay yeah wow fascinating vulnerability mhm maybe it could segue psychedelics and also your journey with your brain disease yeah so I forgot to mention this last time in the episode you have a neuroscience degree from Harvard as well certification certification yeah why' you get into that what did you learn what's your brain disease like just catch people up to speed to that I found out I had a brain disease after becoming a neuroscientist so I had been having seizures for three years and these are called temporal lobe seizures so you're not like jiggling all on the ground and shaking around and stuff like a tonic colonic seizure but these are absence seizures where like I leave planet Earth like drool comes out of my mouth and in six the seizures are about 60 seconds to 90 seconds and inside of one of those seizures it's like three years of memories that that brand new memories that don't exist that my brain has to now is trying to file in with real life three years and that's one seizure and at at the peak of this I had nine seizures a day nine of those a day to the point point where I didn't know who my wife was I looked her right in the eyes and and thought if I just pretend like I know who she is long enough we're going to be okay like it's going to come back to me I thought my dog was fake like it it broke me out of reality completely what do you mean it was fake like I thought that I was I thought that my dog was not my dog and somebody like put a different dog that looks like my dog in my house ah the dog is an impostor yeah it's the dog is a spy yeah and there's so much Deja Vu that happens with a temporal lobe seizure uh to where everything is like a memory I'm like I'm looking around all these tripods right so my brain would start seeing every detail in the room the reflection off of the tape on that Amazon box right there every single detail is coming back from like hundreds of memories as if I'd remembered all of this and it's so much Deja Vu that your brain automatically goes the only way this is real is if someone's setting me up someone set this up and right at that moment when you realize like you're thinking like somebody set this up bam the seizure starts oh and then you're just launched this nightmare that's like three years long that lasts 60 seconds it's the ultimate Time Warp uh and I'm losing about a million neurons a second during those seizures that's what it feels like that's a fact so it it was bad and my hippocampus was kind of just eating itself and this my family so here's the second part the seizures come with amnesia a side effect of Amnesia so I had been having seizures for 3 years my family knows that I studied Neuroscience they know that I've well versed in how the brain works so they said oh if Chase is going through anything he would know he would go to a doctor and I remembered nothing about the seizures didn't remember having them my brain would delete it so finally I'm filming an episode of the behavior panel I'll send you this video I had a seizure while we were filming our YouTube show I'll send you the video of the seizure and I got it on camera and I watched my face and I thought that's a I have temporal Lo epilepsy so you didn't know you were having these seizures yeah so you couldn't even solve it because you didn't know the problem existed because Amnesia oh my God despite having the degree despite everybody else said oh Chase would know if he needs to go to neurologist so finally I see it on camera and I say I have temporal Lo epilepsy I need to go to the emergency room and uh I I need to go to the ER because I wanted a a prescription to stop my neurons from dying right so I wanted a drug called toymate or Topamax and I asked the doctor in the ER for Topamax got the prescription seizure stopped then I started looking at the side effects of all of these drugs number one side seizures most common side effect and I said that this is so dumb there has to be something that that's going to stop my seizures that's not going to kill me that's Terri why do why does medication like that exist like anti-depressant side effect Suicidal Thoughts yeah I think in Western medicine medication is not designed to cure it's designed to treat a individual symptom and doctors get training on treating symptoms instead of people I'm going to just take this you like this chemical is too high I'm going to give you a pill that's going to make that chemical too low but then it make might make this other chemical too high so you're going to see this other doctor who's a specialist in that chemical he's going to give you another pill to push that chemical down where it's supposed to be and that one doctor has an affiliate link for the other doctor yeah it's and none of the doctors are have any malice it's just the way our the system works right now and it works okay but we need to start seeing humans instead of symptoms uh so I discovered this miracle that saved my entire life and now I drive a car I have zero seizures uh my brain my most recent brain scan says that everything is reversed the damage has been reversed because of what I found and it was a miracle what is it I'm just going to leave you hanging on what is it all right this is the show thank you for watch like And subscribe what did you find I mean I know um I mean you've been talking to me about it uh and it seems too good to be true big time which what I thought for a long time yeah I thought I'm trained I'm trained in medical Neuroscience I'm trained in all this stuff I would totally know if if this was a thing I would know about it yeah my ego was so huge and I was browsing Instagram shorts what this I'm not I'm not an expert here but you you're not just some dude who found something like there's there's papers on it there's studies on it I've published medical papers on published medical papers on it yes so before we get into any of that let's establish that and then yeah and I'm let's let's just say I'm not an expert either but I have published academic papers on this um so I'm scrolling YouTube shorts or Instagram one day and all of my feed is recommending brain stuff CU that's I'm obsessed I'm absolutely obsessed and at this point I'm finishing up uh my training in neuro Radiology like reading brain scans and stuff like that at Duke University so I'm obsessing over the brain because I'm studying it I'm obsessing over the brain because I'm desperate to fix my own brain at the same time and I scroll up and this guy sounds like a Huntington Beach beach bum like a surfer dude uh and he's talking about this chemical he says it's a miracle cure and ego came up again and I said well he doesn't sound doesn't sound like my professor so I swiped up but right when I swiped up my brain processed what he was saying he was talking about this magical chemical in our bodies called cytochrom C oxidase and monoamine oxidase and I heard and I was processing these and I tried to swipe back down to find him to look listen to what he said and I hit the home button on accident so you know like when you're in the middle of a scroll you can't go back oh wow that's fascinating that that it was that Split Second and you could have missed it yeah what happened you looked it up so it took two or three days because I typed in Surfer Dude doctor cytochrome oxidase I tried everything I could think of to try to find him so his name is Dr John lorance he is a functional neurologist he's a doctor he has a practice in Sarasota Florida but he was talking about this chemical called methylene blue and he said it's an industrial blue dye and I'm like okay yeah sounds legit yeah what what is that going to do and at the time I thought a doctor would know a neurologist would have told me this would be famous everybody would know about it if if it was pop if it was effective it would have been on my uncle's podcast guaranteed in my head yeah it would have been on your uncle's podcast Uncle huberman so I who's a real neuroscientist by the way I consider myself a lowercase n neuroscientist he's an uppercase guy yeah so I I hear about this chemical and it's the most effective thing I've ever taken in my life for my skin my eyes my lungs my heart my brain every single cell in my body is benefiting from methylene blue and the first time a human being ever uttered the words Magic Bullet was in 1897 this doctor who discovered methylene blue discovered that it basically cures just about everything and not not treat not treat which American drugs treat things this is a this is can cure and reverse damage of all cellular stress like I'm going to get in trouble here with YouTube again but go on this is magical C uh as as I'm talking about any of this all of the studies are out there and it's not like some Fringe study that was done in like Madagascar or something this is like John's Hopkins this is Mayo Clinic this is Harvard Oxford University Stanford's done a work on this Uncle Huber may may have written a paper or two on it I doubt it but it's been used since 1890 the patent expired in the early 1900s and as a quick I can't I can't explain all the ways that it works without like going into super crazy detail about how cells breathe but I will say that it targets neuronal mitochondria the mitochondria Powerhouse of the cell in your neurons you have so much mitochondria in your body that it makes up about 6 to 7% of your body weight that's it's a lot of mitochondria so methylene blue goes in there and it dyes all of your cells blue temporarily blue your mitochondria especially as a fun fact mitochondria do not have human DNA they are not human the things that are running every cell in your body has zero human DNA it's closer to bacteria this is a result of a symbiotic relationship that was formed a billion something years ago a treaty between between these two things men and bacteria yes we will emerge we we became one you can look that up later but methylene blue goes into the cell and prevents these things called reactive oxygen species other people call them free radicals from building up it converts water or converts oxygen into water that's your body's main job so if I have an oxygen molecule that's got too many hydrogens on it that's called the reactive oxygen species and we also have reactive nitrogen species which methylene blue helps methylene blue gathers up electrons so that's the root of most disease is free radicals and inflammation like is this not disputed by anyone on Earth for example Alzheimer's mosia gravis urinary tract infections herpes fill in the blank STDs neurod degenerative diseases Parkinson inflammation Alzheimer's y any form of inflammation I mean that's where most diseases almost all forms of inflammation come from this wow so methylene blue just gets rid of it and I thought that's not possible not going to happen then I learned methylene blue helps gets electrons from doing all this and goes back to your little mitochondria and donates those electrons down into the mitochondria of your cell so your mitochondria have a few layers to it if and these are tiny microscopic right so an electron jumps into this layer an electron spins around all the time so as the electron is passing through these four layers of your mitochondria it's generating heat and that's cellular energy that's how our cells generate heat to make energy for our body in the form of ATP adenosine triphosphate so on top of that it helps to make this chemical it like I don't remember the exact numbers I would say it triples the amount of this chemical inside your cell called cytochrome C oxidase so cyto meaning cell Chrome meaning color oxidase meaning an oxygen so it increases is intracellular oxygen and something called the Krebs cycle which anybody who's been through med school has like nightmares about the kreb cycle because it's you have to memorize this crazy formula for how a cell breathes air and how a cell breathes oxygen is more complex than how we breathe oxygen way more complex so if a cell starts getting low oxygen and your body has a buildup of reactive oxygen species you have disease guaranteed cuz now your cells can't run on electrons anymore and they start doing something called uh Brewery or they're kind of like fermentation running and that's the backup power system of your body is the cells use fermentation to start bubbling up energy inside the cell because they're not getting enough electrons they're not getting enough energy there's a million things I've published a paper on methylene blue um which you can put in the in the description if somebody wants to read it I wrote it so that my mom could take get to her doctor I don't give a crap about who else reads the paper I wrote it for my mom to be able to give to her doctor so her doctor understands what it is that's what the paper's for so it is a it's been a miracle it stopped my entire seizures it's reversed brain damage I have more energy more mental focus I'm in a better mood than I've ever been since I was like 20 years old and that's just the methylene blue and then we stack on high do melatonin on top of that a 200 milligram melat tonin that I also get from Dr laurance um I saw him in person just a couple weeks ago and he kind of rebooted my entire nervous system um the highd dose melatonin does very similar things to methylene blue but on a different level in just different dimensions of it and I'll let I'll let somebody who's watching just look that up please look that up please look it up look what up highd do melatonin and it's a suppository 200 mgram melatonin suppository but the the final thing that meth Meine blue two more things that methylene blue does number one is red light therapy if you're red light therapy is proven proven to work and if you have a good red light machine it penetrates your body up to 4 Ines you could tell I'm like three times as excited talking about this because I'm desperate for people to like know about this chemical and I felt like the biggest dumbass in the world for narcissistically thinking that I would know about it if it was good I I would have I would have read some studies on it uh and I'm trying to be that messenger for everybody to just look it up and talk to your doctor obviously doctor needs to be spoken to but if you're doing red light therapy methylene blue is blue because it it reflects a lot of blue light and it that which means it absorbs tons of red light so if I'm in a red light therapy machine and I have methylene blue inside my body it's all in my veins it's all all throughout my body that means every cell is absorbing that red light and that allows some of your CS to start running on that Photon energy and it like I would say 600x the effects of red light therapy if you're using methylene blue and the final benefit of methylene blue is that it has the capacity to cure or treat depression and anxiety because it's it's something called a monoamine oxidase inhibitor and for hundred years we used maois which is the abbreviation for that to treat depression and it was proven clinically proven to work and I would say don't take my word for it because I was mistrusting in in the beginning and I thought there's no possible way I would have heard about it my doctor would have told me about it it would be all over TV and I don't know why it's not prescription it's a overthe counter side effects zero none so the patent running out is do people not know about it because nobody has a patent and can make a ton of money off of it I think that's probably the reason and one of the big I mean you only see commercials for things that are patented there's money in it doctors are only telling you about the drugs that are common makes you wonder what other cures are there out there that nobody know knows about that's right under our nose there's probably so much and what's funny is that science uh my dad texted me an article hold on I'll read you the title of this article and you can edit this out if you want to so here it is UT Health University of Texas Health Houston to test psychedelic mushrooms as a treatment for depression I love how science is just now like this is is a breakthrough and we've been doing mushrooms as a species for like 10,000 years 50,000 years uh and treating depression with it for that whole time but now they're like oh we're we're just making this discovery and they use those words like that which is ridiculous to me close the loop on your story with your brain yeah it's cured now it's completely it's absolutely cured wow and the brain scans prove it like the the the brain has rebuilt itself it's healthy everything is functioning perfectly you can test it on an MRI a pet scan and an ambulatory EEG which means I wear a brain uh Electro machine that scans brain waves for like an extended period of time like 72 hours and people analyze all of that to make sure that there's no misf firings of neurons going on Wow and so psychedelics yeah what have you learned what have you experienced and it's made a big difference for you I I think psychedelics changed my life and I think it's the first time that I was able to like unzip this ego costume and start stepping out of it and it was terrifying like who who will I be if I'm not this this Halloween costume of of Chase Hughes what was your Halloween costume tough guy tobacco chewing tobacco chewing gunman gunfighting military guy 20 years in the military yeah how many deployments nine nine deployments wow for anyone who's like don't find any records you mentioned this I'll send them to you yes but uh there was a hater online just for context that would yeah so I I think just stepping out of that was the most meaningful experience of my entire life and I judged mushrooms for decades and I thought there's no way that that could be a spiritual molecule that there could be anything spiritual about that and you cannot there's no words in the English language to be able to describe the the depth that that thing can take you to or show you or expose you to I don't know how it works I'm not claiming to know the the GPS coordinates of whatever Dimension you go to or if you're imagining it or if it's all hallucination I don't care uh it it unzips your ego and I think if you do it every few months even a lighter dose every few months wherever it's legal um I think you come like if we're doing a little chart here here's my little ego up here and I have one psychedelic journey and my ego just disappears and I'm I see myself as less separate that's kind of what ego is I'm separate from from everybody else yeah and a psychopath is somebody who is Ultimate the ultimate separation yeah no one else is meaningless but me that's the perfect ultimate separation so now ego you have this little brief experience of ego dying and then you start coming out of that and be like wow that was like I'm I was connected to stuff like I was this military guy no spirituality whatsoever and I've never been spiritual until that day I became permanently spiritual not religious uh by any means but just so spiritual that I would say I have no idea what this is this existence I don't know what it is so then you come down out of the ego you go back up after the dose you're back into ego again but this little this little Peak is like a millimeter lower than the last Peak then you maybe a few months later do it again and this peak is a little bit lower and this little ego peak's a little bit lower uh I don't know how big my ego Peak is maybe it's 3 in or you know whatever it is on that graph mhm but man it feels so good it's such a freeing experience U to have that and one the reason that I started trying was they they create something called neuroplasticity more specifically than that they create something called synaptic plasticity which your uncle hberman could tell you about but uh your synapses neurons can not just talk to each other differently but they can make connections where they need to be made that's why mushrooms are being used for PTSD and anxiety and depression addiction disorders so I think that's that's what got me into it was just trying to fix my brain I did not know I did not know that there was going to be some kind of spiritual component to it I thought I was just going to put a blindfold on see a bunch of like Beatle songs kind of stuff like in my vision and then I'd wake up and and I be back to normal and I'm thank God that I'm I didn't go back to what defined as normal back then because it was full of ego completely full of ego consult your doctor don't listen to anything that we're saying none of this is advice do everything legally yes so you gave me this massive Ops manual yeah for reading people this is something that intelligence agencies would use mhm or are using I don't know if you can disclose that yeah they are using it to train people yes US Government um and then you told me about the new thing that you have coming out the exit is is that what it's called it's a book called exit a user's guide to the simulation the way you pitched it to me was so fascinating because it's not this simulation like Elon Musk would say that we're in a video game right but it's it's something that where you what's the origin story of that so it's basically getting off of the map glitching out of the map so and this is this is not conspiracy theory stuff this is not at all this is just reality dealing with reality yeah because one of the things you said to me was okay going to a grocery store is a simulation it is simulating going to the forest and picking your berries yep Instagram is a simulation of Life uh a a department store is a simulation of like a market uh if you go to Disneyland for example there are simulations of characters that have no original it's a simulation of something you saw on TV that has no original it's a copy of a copy but there is no original and it's simulating cities it's simulating towns in so much perfection and so much of our lives are these little simulations of things like the menu at at a fast food place has these perfect luxurious looking Burgers on it and we know for a fact that that's a simulation that's not what it really looks like so all of our lives like people the Disney World is attractive a theme parks are attractive because they're a simulation of reality that's more perfect than reality and we've gotten to a place where people prefer almost prefer refer the simulation the the presidential debate is about who can fake it better who can say the exact right words more and we're we know that they're lying we know politicians are are full of it we prefer the person who simulates better I want the better simulated person and just so much of our lives are about simulation and I if you just look at any study the further we get from nature like if I take an orca whale and I stick it in a tank at at a theme park I won't say the name shme shme world shme world yeah let's just call it and I shorten that creature's life instantly the moment they start living in captivity their life is shortened if I take an octopus out of the ocean I shorten their lifespan by 3 to four years a third of their life goes away no matter how perfect perfectly I manage that salt water they're living in the pH levels the algae I add in all of this perfect stuff so that the octopus can live the most perfect life possible and I'm simulating the what their environment is supposed to be like it shortens its life because it's a simulated environment no matter how perfect and you take a human out of where our ancestors lived and we're we're no longer seeing things and being around the environment where we're supposed to be our lives are shorten and you can see the the places where people live the longest are closer to Nature they have smaller tribal groups this is Malcolm Gladwell wrote books about this outliers was written about this or chapter in outliers and I published a paper a year ago called ancestor confusion Theory where if we imagine and this this part you have to imagine because we we know that part of it's true but if you imagine an ancestor living inside of me my ancestors from a 100,000 years ago 200,000 years ago living inside of me if I spend time in places that that ancestor does not understand like cities and Office Buildings with artificial lighting and I'm eating processed foods that my cells my ancestor cells don't understand how to deal with that I have disease and if I'm in the simulated environment enough like cities and all this or simulated places it's not like none of it's real it's a simulation of life and how life is supposed to be I have disease and this is even this is a simulation right now right yeah we're talking into a mic it feels like there's a bunch of people yep but there isn't yeah and for people who are listening they feel like they're in a conversation with us yes and they're watching us on a screen and they're getting sick while they're listening to it yeah but it if we if if what I'm looking at every day would confuse my ancestors the first thing that starts is psychopathy and the second thing that that starts is what I call bopath because that word should have been invented but I don't think it was it's yours now you it's a pathology of biological functions like I'm eating things my cells don't recognize because our bodies and our brains have not changed in about 200,000 years it's about the same exact cells same brain our brain has gotten bigger and so we think like oh since we have iPhones now our bodies must be evolving at the same Pace as technology we we have not and technology has outpaced our ability to deal with it which is evident when we have have rampant depression anxiety suicides are through the roof and what's causing all this is us kind of living too much inside of a simulated world and if you just look at any of the statistics the closer somebody is to Nature whether it's food how much time they're spending in it the the type of light they're being exposed to all the time uh they're healthier and I'm not saying this is like oh this is going to stop cancer or this is going to like prevent disease I'm just saying the human is better off in our natural environment in the place we're supposed to be and I think one of the biggest mistakes of all time in human history is us remember psychopathy starts at what separation is viewing ourselves as separate from nature instead of a peace of nature they're like oh I need to go spend more time in nature like you're not spending time in nature that's you those are yourselves the stuff that makes this up right here is not me I have more in relation to this piece of wood on on this desk right here so viewing ourselves as separate from the earth separate from nature is and this sounds so hippie but the science is there we spend time where our ancestors would have been comfortable in some a place where our ancestors would it would make sense to them this is my theory but you can look up the statistics if you want toh what do we do with this information I have no idea because I don't I don't want to go live in nature in a cabin in a hut a tiki hut well there's probably the 8020 that we can avoid right I mean when I look at the like I can't imagine what it's like growing up with a phone I was blessed to I had an I had an iPhone with access to social media at all times when I was 16 had that started with 12 or eight like this this this chilling Instagram re that I I saw once that uh yeah Chris Williamson I showed it to him and he was like sent me that I want to talk about that at some point as well it's this really dystopian real I can probably find it and put it up here where you see these kids just on phones you see you see these kids in a classroom all of them wearing wearing VR goggles simulation simulation just separation from reality and there's kids who are so tired they can barely fall they they they're about to fall asleep and they're scrolling or they actually falling asleep but they're still doing the movement of scrolling on Tik Tok yeah it's it's so dystopian horrifying you made a document as well that shows the the the signs of societal collapse our society collapses yeah what what was that document and what was it made for so I I made the document for US Army scops psychological Operations Command and it's a document that you can on three little axes You can predict how close a society is to collapsing and you can throw it up on the screen right now so get ready to take a screenshot and I'm not going to do a three count because Leon will put it in at a wrong time um but one of those talk about it from your perspective having read it and just kind of gone through it yourself so there is there are three sliding scales from 1 to 10 the higher it is or the lower it is I'm not sure lower the lower it is I think might yeah on one out if I'm wrong on one extreme it's it's bad yeah and so one of them is I think separation between individuals yeah which Facebook's goal is to connect people is it really or it has disconnected people more yeah right so there's things like that how much separation is there another thing I don't remember the the other thing the third thing was how close are we to reality yeah in a perfect world we would live in harmony with nature in harmony with ancestral DNA that hasn't caught up yet which I'm not saying we all need to go be naked all day barefoot walking around in the woods eating berries but that would be like the perfect thing for our body well at least move closer to that and the the the worst case would be we're in a simulation we're hooked up on VR goggles and we are not in touch with reality yeah you don't have to worry about Elon musk's digital simulation we're we're in a physical simulation right now and this is one thing I told my kids we were talking about this last night that if a product is being advertised and they can't tell you what problems that the product is solving you need to be very very scared mhm you need to be terrified like look at if you look at amazon.com we bring stuff to your house you don't have to go to the store you get stuff shipped to you faster you have more time to do what you want to do we'll take care of all the shipping and everything and you look at something like VR headset I won't say the name should I say it yes so Amazon is a example of a company that can disclose what problem they're solving openly talk about yeah the problem that they're addressing CU they're actually solving problem which is I don't have to go to a grocery store I can just get it not saying Amazon is a Flawless great company but at least there's utility there's a real need being fulfilled yes right yeah and now if there's VR goggles what problem are they solving iPhones do they do they tell you what problem they solve it's just cool it's just great wouldn't it be great to all these cool features but what problem do I actually have that well it is definitely solving a problem but they're not willing to disclose it correct and it is loneliness depression and a need to anesthetize myself from my real life Escape yeah I mean the the least the most innocent one would be boredom right because you could say what's what's what problem does a movie solve or boredom yeah yeah I guess well same thing with smoking with cigarettes like what problem is it solving right yeah same thing there loneliness if I'm smoking for social reasons boredom yeah and it's a social anesthetic I'm stressed out I need to go have a cigarette or I need to put a dip in is what I would say uh on deployment which you don't have in Germany do you what dip tobacco I was never able to find it in the UK or in like anywhere in the Middle East so you had to like ship these logs of Copenhagen which I don't do anymore I quit a long time ago but that was like that was the hardest thing in my life I've ever done is quit uh dipping tobacco nasty stuff so distance from nature and uh proximity to simulated living and not not some digital Matrix simulation are are the measurements of societal collapse according to the document that I made for the US Army M do you know the third one there's separation between people it's been five years it's all rooted in a lot of data is it information access is it something like that is it I think that might be it we'll throw it up on screen and yeah maybe edit this out so I can pretend like I know what it is I can't remember yeah perfect I do think that is one of the most powerful ways to to predict the proximity to the collapse of a society is how much are they simulating in their everyday life and this we can go back 800 years and people are still there's simulations still going on but it's just become rampant and a lot of this work on simulation if if you're interested in this and it's something that's interesting to you you need to read the book called simulakra and simulation by Jean bodard is a French philosopher and he goes way off into communism and crazy stuff but this one book I think is brilliant and it's is a perfect example of how we are living almost in The Truman Show to where if you start trying to get out and like I'm going to get on the boat like crazy stuff starts happening you get canceled think about the people getting canceled like it's it's bizarre and in the real life example the stage that's being put up so for anyone who hasn't seen The Truman Show it's basically this man who's his entire life is a TV show and he doesn't know it because he was born in it I guess he was yeah brainwashed into it whatever and so everything's put together and fake Everyone's an actor Everyone's an actor in his life yeah but and he's the main character of a TV show and he doesn't he doesn't know it and then there's these advertisements that are being read out in a really weird way and he thinks oh it's just weird sometimes people just talk about a product like that yeah but he doesn't know because it's that's his reality life so what is that what do you think that is in in our lives I guess it's just the masks that we wear ourselves and the things that we pretend so it's not just it's not that there's some evil producer who's putting it all together but we're putting it together ourselves ourselves and the people around us are helping to support that simulation and one of the one of the things that happens is Truman starts to see cracks he starts to see little cracks he walks randomly into a building that he never goes into one day and the elevator doors open and he there's no elevator there it's just a break room for all the actors in The Truman Show and he like sees through the set and he sees kind of behind the scenes one day which is like someone in our life realizing that marketing and advertising and all this kind of stuff is ruining us it's it's building a prison that we can't see just like in the trumman show and he starts like questioning reality and the moment he does that everyone around him steps in to say whoa whoa Whoa man you need to come back to come back to earth you need to come back here stay here you need to stay here which is like what our friends do when we start going like hey I don't want to do this anymore I don't want to I don't want to do that I don't want to participate in that it's very eerily similar but the reason that uh Kristoff was the director of the show in the movie played by uh I can't remember his name but the director of The Truman Show in the movie is willing to put him through all this turmoil fires explosions all this stuff to try to keep him in this little world they built for him which is a TV set and Truman is willing to die for the truth he's willing to die for for the truth and if you're in the business of finding truth and your price isn't your life then you you are for sale your version of Truth is for sale you asked me that yesterday how much money would somebody have to pay you to to lie yeah and I said well it depends on the LIE if it's something serious it could really harm someone then I wouldn't doesn't matter if it's like a little lie then or like a joke yeah like if I were for example to lie about somebody being my uncle maybe a neuroscientist on YouTube and then not not actually and it's just a joke then yeah I do it I'd do it for free yeah but so what you said was if if you were willing to tell a serious lie for amount of money even if it's a 100 million even if it's a billion to yourself or to myself oh are you in the business of Truth tell and and I don't mean on YouTube I just mean in my life and that's something we can aspire to be but I don't think we're we're we're flawed little creatures and if if we aspire to truthtellah the wears that we Mark the the the the masks that we wear waiting for the coffee to kick in um the stories we tell ourselves of who we should be where we feel shame social enforcement shame societal shame what can I shame you into believing then I can start controlling your behavior and then you're not you anymore you're simulating a version of you that doesn't have this bad shame quality this is where we see propaganda in World War II World War I why don't you flex your biceps in the middle of a podcast like that how I want you to perceive me I like it yes I could beat you at omous if you're watching this I sent a video of his thighs uh to my wife yesterday versus my thighs the big difference send me that video I'll put it in there um so I mean when I scroll through Instagram I can feel I can feel it even if I'm even if I judge people and I'm like this is this is all pretend this is all this this is all that I can feel man I I feel this stress in me this stress of that guy is more jacked than me this girl looks perfect and and and they have the perfect lifestyle and what am I doing with my life those are the two things that made to make you feel number one compare yourself to other people number two make you feel like you're not enough yet you're not enough yet till something kaching fill in the blank yeah make a purchas I buy stuff I don't anymore up until about four months ago so I'm not saying I'm I've got anything figured out uh and I I'm not one of those people who like oh I'm perfect you need to like follow this example but I was very prone to Instagram ads I bought all kinds of crazy stuff the the watch that I'm wearing right now uh was because of an Instagram ad and it was so powerful that I deleted all the apps off my phone it's I just have it on a office iPad and I have a social media manager now but that is the simulation and if you think about how powerful the simulation is and I don't mean that in some kind of weird sense like we're just faking stuff is all I'm saying um the the power is so grave and the fear of social judgment is so powerful online now that people will stifle themselves they will not speak the truth they won't say anything real anymore they're afraid of being canceled and it's that powerful that I I'm willing to simulate that I agree with this or that I or I'm like have no opinion on this um and that's the ultimate simulation is am I willing to participate in the creation of that for other people by agreeing to it yeah going with the crowd and now once we see it happen to someone and somebody gets like cancelled on social media nothing happens and we're back to the online version of the bystander effect do you think cancelling is a real thing like it actually has an effect because what I see is or what I believe is if someone would have cancel me or basically make an exposed video tons of people jump on it everyone thinks I'm horrible I feel like most of it is just in my head technically I could keep putting out videos like nothing happened yeah and that's what some people do and it then it's fine but it's the perceived feeling of yeah and that stress is fake and none of it's real and it's just I guess it's just the reaction to it that really messes people up yeah the the the stress that it puts on them and then they stop putting stuff out because of that it's not actually that and it's it is shaming it is we will never forget it that you did this that you you allegedly even if it's not true and what I'm saying is there's no ultimate truth I'm not saying hey here are the six steps you need to follow to get like the perfect life just saying spend more time in nature be closer to who you truly are like who do I who did I want to be when I was little who do I really need to be right now and how can I like involve passion in the life I'm living I made I kind of forced you to watch a movie clip last night and it's one of the most beautiful things in the world you kind of forced me yeah that was your experience of it it felt that way cuz I'm not the guy I'm not a video showing kind of guy that's funny you put it that way no but I I was on my phone I was trying to get back to an important message so I'm probably came across as yeah so we I started playing this video and he's texting so I kind of I did this on his leg I was like this you need to watch this yeah and I was like okay and I was like oh the final message I haven't sent it yet but I really enjoyed that I maybe I can included I think we should get away with it it's it's a beautiful thing that that some that Nicholas Cage playing this guy who used to own or owns this truffle sniffing Pig and he needs his Pig back but he sees this Chef in a restaurant that has turned his entire being into a simulated person and a simulated restaurant and Nick Cage sits down and he says none of this is real you know that right nothing's real these people aren't real you're not real and it's just this guy has this Awakening there's a moment where he breaks and he's looking at his restaurant that he's crafted based on what people want what people like what he thinks will get him liked yeah which is he's starting to defend the prison he's starting to defend no no this is what this you have to do it this way this is what people want and Nick kind of breaks him out of that and that I think that's so beautiful he he may have been mean about it or something but just helping someone to realize it's like you're better than this these people who you're craving admiration from don't care about you you're getting your dopamine from all the wrong places you're getting 90% of your dopamine from running this restaurant or whatever you're doing running your Instagram account and 10% from your kids and your family and things that you're passionate about and Dr Phil pulled me aside or where at dinner one night and do Dr Phil said sitting right beside me kind of at the corner of a table and I was asking him about getting nervous and and going on stage and all this stuff and he squeezed my arm and he said this is one of the most deadly diseases you could ever have it's the the desire for Love from strangers and that was like I was the chef in that moment and I keep having these moments where I realize where I'm being that Chef all throughout my life and I'm trying now I'm I used to avoid that I try to like force myself into those situations now like show me what I'm what I'm still faking what am I still faking and that's what mushrooms do by the way is kind of they really show you your BS but that quote from Dr Phil it was just between him and I saying you need affection from strangers that made me that shook me to my core and and changed the the direction of my life I've never told him this uh and he's probably too busy to watch but maybe I'll send him this clip MH and in that scene what Nicholas Cage reveals to the chef is didn't you want to start a what was it an Irish Pub yeah start a pub a proper English pub and you can see him shoving that aside it's like oh no people wouldn't want that that's here in this town like but you can see there's like this passion that's Brewing inside of him that this innocent touched desire and passion that he had to start this yeah that was suppressed and the first time I watched that clip I was in the I was in Nicholas Cage POV I was like I'm the badass you identified as him yeah because I wanted to be the cool guy in the scene right and I watched it a couple more times and I was like I'm still the chef in many ways I can be Nick Cage for a lot people but I'm somebody else still is always going to keep being Nick Cage for me and I'm still the chef in many situations so I think that's why it's so beautiful because you can if you're honest I think if somebody's honest and they can see whoa that's me they can really reflect in in some of that behavior it's some of the best acting I've ever seen too I think we all are that Chef that maske wearing people pleasing prison maintaining Chef in some areas in our lives for me it was partly in the old channel right where I had a vision for what I wanted to build the things that I wanted to talk about and I think every creator has that everyone who's building a business yeah you have the opportunity to make a lot of money with something but is that the thing that you want to do so one thing that I always got to go back to is what's the vision because I know how to make tons of money I know how to get tons of views I know how to please those people but are those the people that I want to serve and is that the stuff that I want to make and so I get off track and I need to bring myself back on track and so starting the new channel for the the long fun podcast starting with a clean slate different audience different expectations has been so freeing for me and you you did this in the car on the way over here we were riding in the back of an Uber on the way here and I told you I was like if you do this this and this it's going to get a shitload of views and you then you look back at me you're like but who is the type of person clicking on that that's not what I want uh and that was that was huge because I didn't think I didn't even think about that I thought YouTube was just for views I didn't think about like who's the desired audience here for this yes not all views are the same I'd rather have a thousand people watching who are intelligent they're open-minded they understand nuances then dumb things down and get 100,000 views on something and yeah you have to keep it dumb to keep reaching a wide audience yeah make a box for it yeah pop some whipped cream balloons in there give somebody 10K in a parking lot yes and I mean this is where everyone listening can look at where am I doing that in my life where am I getting validation from people that I I why am I doing this and you told me about this yesterday as well you mapped out where you're getting dopamine from yeah not valid not just validation but specifically dopamine yeah where am I getting where am I motivated to go seek validation which is dopamine so I'm D I'm driven to get motivation from this one place or to get uh validation or acceptance or a good feeling even if I'm by myself if I'm drinking alcohol or or whatever that is and if I the you want me to walk through the dopamine map so the way that I do this with any of my clients we have like a regular sheet of paper we draw a line in the middle with a little circle in the center of it and that like kind of like a basketball court and we put me right there in the middle and on the left is all the all the sources of dopamine that are good for me right all the sources that are bad for me and I make the clients draw a big circle for big sources smaller circles for smaller sources because I want them to see that in a lot of ways sometimes we'll see porn a circle is this big and Family Circle is this big small yeah and getting to the point where you see that it's I had that for my life I did that me and social media was big on there really big it's like how many views am I getting on YouTube and we we have I think I have a million subscribers total now and um it's meaningless utterly meaningless and it's one of the best feelings in the world of not needing that love from strangers but I'm still putting out good content I'm I'm putting making videos as if it's to family and if if you map out your dopamine it shows you it's a very unusual reminder and a visual thing where I can see what my brain is doing and what the final thing I made with the clients do is out of a 100 you have 100 points and you have to assign a point value of dopamine that equals 100 you have to allocate for all where am I getting this little validation and stuff from MH and then it's it's very difficult to have to sit there and write 65 on cocaine or you know whatever I'm doing and and put a 12 next to my kids how do I know something is high is it that I'm very motivated to seek that when I look at the actions that I take throughout the day not what I want to Value but what I actually value with actions is that what determines the the size of the uh I I determine it by proximity so how close are you to that thing time how much time of your day does it occupy and feeling like do you feel good while doing it does that make sense so like am I driven am I motivated to go do this thing MH not necessarily do I feel good after getting it but not after yeah because you can feel empty but still keep pursuing it yeah so it's it's am I motivated to pursue that yeah so if you don't feel good after something that's a good indicator that that's a dopaminergic thing and not a serotonergic thing it's not love it's not oxytocine is the Feelgood chemical which it's it's not it's the it's actually the Gap chemical it's I want I'm I'm going that's what makes a baby crawl yeah dopamine makes our muscles move towards things and it makes our muscles move so if you look at somebody with Parkinson's that's a dopaminergic pathway Disorder so it's a dopamine disorder because their muscles are kind of shutting down and getting the hand trimers and things like that U so dopamine is so much more than oh it makes me feel good if I if I had liquid dopamine and put it in your neck you would not feel good you would you would try to peel your skin off and and escape from this feeling of like needing to move so much insane so map out dopamine and then what do we do with that once we know is being aware of it enough because this ties into everything that we talked about with we live in a world that we've constructed on who we should be we're not enough this is the mask I should wear this is what's accepted and then I guess creating the map can allow us to become aware of oh this is where I'm falling into the Trap of needing validation from these strangers yeah is just being aware enough of it or do you think I think it is because it would be easy for me to say yeah download my free three-step course right now to remap your dopamine so you can be the link down below so you can be enough but I don't think there's a plan that's that fits everybody but I think the lower part of our brain the part of our brain that keeps us breathing at night keeps our heartbeating at night this mamalian part of our brain can handle that stuff it knows how to handle those problems it's been around a lot longer than our frontal cortex it's smarter in many many ways so if I every day I'm maybe drawing a dopamine map or every day getting that back into my awareness that that I can't talk to my lower brain I can't talk to the amalian brain right because it doesn't speak English I'm pushing that awareness back down into that brain as much as I possibly can that goes into something called the reticular activating system or the What's called the reticular formation is the actual part of the brain so I just whatever you want to change in your life anything you want to change in your life jam it down into that part of the brain and the way to jam it down in the part of the brain is how can I communicate this to a dog I remember you talking about this the last episode that's it it requires imagery emotion and other sensory input smell and then repetition mhm just training a dog if there's a formula that I used to teach for actual brainwashing and it works the same to brainwash ourselves out of a behavior or into a new Behavior it's Focus emotion agitation and repetition it spells fear so agitation meaning I'm going to change my environment very regularly so my brain doesn't go into I'm familiar with this mode so it's like wow these walls are a different color in my office this my couch in my living rooms in a different place I'm going continuously move things around to force my brain to see the lower brain to say things are new you need to pay attention interesting so if if I wanted to build the driven Community into a cult brainwash them into things that are obviously only good for them a good cult a good cult because there are good Cults out there I was a member of One for 20 years it's called US yeah what are some suggestions how can I build a raving community of people who love being around like-minded people who love challenging each other supporting each other and um yeah really committed number one thing is to have an identity statement around where they be come so this is the first step if if you're creating a cult Step One is whatever you're inside of you have an identity statement where a person can complete the sentence of I am a veteran I am a it's a it's a badge of honor right and no it's not identity for me to say I'm a member of The Driven Community it's it's identity when I say I am a 38 or whatever name that you want to give it so first step is identity labeling so second step is Insider language so we have words to describe people that are non-members civilians right that's one of the things you told me yesterday it is yeah civilians civilians different crowd and then so after that you have a initial kind of a wakeup call and you want people to go through some kind of assessment that shows them all their ver vulnerabilities Without You exploiting them and that would be the difference between a bad cult would say let me see your vulnerabilities I'm going to record them on this video here and save it in case you ever do anything stupid and B I'm going to use them all against you instead of help you with them so get them to aware of their vulnerabilities because just like what we talked about if I'm aware of something often enough it starts going away if it's a problem and finally well there's a million on the third thing what does that mean what vulnerabilities vulnerabilities to let's say someone signs up for the driven Community I can help you build this if you want but you have like here's our 28 question thing that keeps you from being your best driven self need to work on The Branding a little bit but I like where this is going whatever it is yeah and like here's like and the person knows I'm low on this I'm low on that I'm low on that so if I focus on just what I'm good at we need to we need to know our insecurities right cuz imagine if like my kids are in elementary school and they're failing math they're failing English they're failing history and I say oh yeah don't worry about that let's focus on what you're good at it's a recipe for failure if the engine fails in your car you're not going to go change your brakes because your brakes are good well it's like going to school and not having any grades you don't even know if you're failing at math right yeah so letting people get aware of that helps them to bring those things up and you keep it private to them it's not some publicly open thing but having making the group a source of dopamine is number one which means that you need to deliver unexpected bonuses on a regular basis that the person's not expecting they're getting dopamine just waiting for the next one not from receiving the first MH so they get excitement because of the first that dopamine for the next and the and the continu ones and then the other ways that the group becomes a source of dopamine is that you're continually sharing content that is good quality but it's with other members and someone achieving something they're witnessing someone that's a member of the community achieving a milestone or goal that is similar to their own they get dopamine for themselves moving forward in their life and they get dopamine for the next video the next interaction group call whatever it is so what I'm really thinking of if I'm if I'm a cult leader is how can I direct and issue dopamine as if it were a a ticket that I'm handing out on a regular basis and if you're doing the right things you're helping people with their life and and there's a standard for ethics that I have we talked about this last night like if I'm influencing another person and they could genuinely see inside of my head my Integrity my character my my desire and my intent for what I'm doing in this situation and they would still agree with it then then we're doing the right thing uh if they wouldn't go ahead and sign up for it if they saw everything that's in my head then I'm not doing a good thing yeah and I'm being unethical yeah so I guess even sharing this and being like Hey how do I get people to be really committed and really love this so much that they they want to stay in it and stuff like that contribute is part of that right yeah and just having those meetups around the world so setting up a way for them to meet up in person and if they're ever in trouble the entire Community comes together like a beehive to like one person loses their company or goes bankrupt or something everybody gives them a th000 bucks or five grand or something like that and that's like a policy uh so it's like a beehive mindset yeah another thing you mentioned that I loved is an initiation process yeah right they have to drink some blood maybe I I didn't say that okay no that was my idea no wait uh let's not do the bad thing let's do it in in a good way but initiation process some way to and again like all of these things you see in universities you see it in sports teams you see it in companies Apple whatever you see it in even the science Community like science is a massive cult yeah it is anything that's not science that's BS that's outside us sharing a win is oh they this University these scientists they discovered this oh wow right there is the initiation can be something as simple as like every time somebody joins we do this one weird thing and everybody remembers it forever and a great piece of initiation if you ever want to incorporate this and make it truly memorable is their first day is a member of the community Comm they write a letter to their future self a thank you letter got it so they write that letter their future self maybe triggered her on an auto email or something like that but I would say it needs to be printed out needs to be handwritten if possible and they open it in a year and so they're encouraging their future self they're doing all this and then now they're looking back and you have them kind of encapsulated this little time capsule where they're interested in their growth they're actually working hard to make their goals come true cuz now they got to read that letter and have people share their letter A year later yeah I just received my letter from a year ago yeah wow that would be really interesting and you're required to share it I love that that's great I'm going to start doing that I just I'm going to start doing that with my VIP clients cool I'm going to do it before you so it looks like you copied me I'm going to do it first okay we'll see about I'm going to do it soon as we W recording awesome um where can people find out more about you what you do what you have coming up um go to NCI do University that's n is in November NCI University NCI do University or just type CH us into Google awesome and you have a new book coming out new book coming out in October it's called exit a user's guide to the simulation not the digital one not the digital one awesome thank you thanks man

  Top Comments:
  1. @DRVNclips [1300 likes]: Thoughts?
  2. @EveningTV [1 likes]: Some of these tips were correct, but many are off.    Also, I think needing validation or to be liked by anyone is a set up for pain.  This has been my biggest lesson in my life.   I was a people pleaser trying to earn love from the people I built my life around and I ended up abandoned and estranged because these were relationships of inevitable harm.  They were never going to love me.  Chase doesn't understand this.  He is very fortunate to have a loving family.
  3. @Biski75 [1 likes]: If you get in  your neck  a chill effect in front of someone you are dealing with a psychopath. This is a  warning build up from our primitive brain to detect danger. Listen to this because it’s 100 percent accurate. Put yourself in a safe space when you feel that. Stay away from that person right away just make an excuse just to leave immediately that can save your life.
  4. @ElizabethCoare: I was upset that chase suggested that one of the things to say to a woman in a fun way would be to say , do yo f  k . That would be the no one red flag for a woman. Never say that or you will end up with an unpaid prostitute. Stop treating women as personal dick massagers ,we are so much more than that . This podcast left me in despair for the future of mankind .sad!
  5. @user-iw9hw3wy4v: Pick a lane, brah. 
You "could see it her eyes" followed by the "terrifying truth is you can't tell". 
Bugger off.  This dude preys on women by selling the dumb ones totally bunk books and classes.
  6. @marypatton1122: He has never met a psychopath?  Unbelievable!  I am  psychopath magnet.

I think people who don't see it are people who ARE it.
  7. @jodybundrant9386: I really enjoyed this , thank you !
  8. @HelloKittycup-qh6vy: Growing up I was abused /neglected and a parent tried to throw me over a spillway and dangled me over the edge while laughing at my fear. Fast forward to the present and I’m working on rejecting my psychopathic tendencies. It’s hard not to purposely trigger the people who have harmed me and still harm me but it’s super sordid and I want to feed the better parts of me. 

But I have a lot of intrusive thoughts and feelings that I can’t tell literally anyone.
  9. @MS-ff6mv: Dude,
Please stop talking about yourself!  I'm trying to learn something here and God love you but it doesn't need to be about you
  10. @hootinouts: Think about it; This is exactly where "Big Brother" & the rich elitie are purposefully leading the masses of "sheeple". Masses of non thinking, crown following, easily distracted, easily lied to, and led astray are like dumb sheep. Sheep people or Sheeple. The NAZIs lied to most of the Jews they systematically executed by force and by lies. How else do you convince a large group of people to enter a room designed to gas them? You lie and tell them they are going in to take a shower. Today, the sheeple are been led to the slaughter; except, it's mind slaughter. It is the mass execution of free thinking and critical thinking and self expression and individuality. If the corrupt elitists can dumb down the majority of the sheeple and get them to avoid personal interactions with each other and spend a large percentage of their wakign moments glued to their phones, they now have the sheeple all herded together in a coral of mindlessness.
  11. @bettyspin: You been had by a psychopath baby cakes. This guy is not what he says he is. Dude used many examples that were untrue and had underlying agendas, stared at you intently shaking his head slightly up and down after outrageous claims to check if you were believing him or willing just to go along with it. He picked something very generic that every person has to do sometimes when they are a kid - and you bit onto the bait. He is a fraud, practices stolen valor, lies about degrees, lies about his past jobs.... the example he gave about asking his child questions until
The child made the outlandish suggestion that nature bumperstickers are a sign of loneliness is a. Not a logical conclusion and B. If he did this is a coercive control tactic - which is abuse. and that the bystander effect is a psychopathy trait and cities create psychopaths - also not true - and most likely used to embed racist and classist fears into his followers. 

He also used an example of a blstsntly trrrible liar woman as "the worst psychopath I have ever seen" however it is quite obvious to most people watching any interview  if her that it is all crocodile tears. And the claims that psychopaths don't have friends..... oh man this guy is full of $&it!   Lastly he said nothing of value that does any of what he claims. I'm sure he will be like "buy my next course and you will learn the secret to......" nothing burger 3000.

Lots of citations in the podcast and article. Beware of people who have outlandish claims. https://behavior-podcast.com/who-is-chase-hughes-lies-of-fake-expert-in-behavior-influence/

https://www.reddit.com/r/exjw/comments/ygqwld/the_world_expert_in_brainwashing_not_so_much/

Lots of citations in both.
  12. @IngridHurwitz: Methylene blue is a potent substance and must be approached with caution.Drug Interactions: It is a strong Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitor (MAOI). Taking it with antidepressants (like SSRIs or SNRIs) can trigger a life-threatening condition known as serotonin syndrome.Regulatory Warnings: Health authorities strongly advise against buying unregulated methylene blue supplements off the internet, as purity and safe dosing require professional supervision. Unregulated products can also contain dangerous heavy metal contaminants.
  13. @joannthomases9304: Trying to help someone...me..😂 stuff is nuts, when one lies to get liars..Crazy stuff..Thought yt had some blond guy about that OJ stuff..lots of strange drug stuff in hollywood i guess. I heard some Green, saying Rockerfeller, did that stuff, as well.  And heard wars bring drugs to distribute. On and on, all this goes..through all kinds that accuse. It's exhausting all we read. A lot are litterally "allowed", to lie...soooo what all do they do in regular life, if trained liars, one may then ask.  Tons to wonder about.
  14. @unicornzombiejupiterapocal-v5o: every day in the news i see story of peoples trying to help out other os save the life of other. cars crash, drowning. stuff like that. and the supposed victims turning around and suing the samaritan for bullshit like ''sexual harassment'' or ''racism behavior''. don't call out ''psychopath''  society at large and progressive political party and foreign influence is literally BREEDING a generation of psychopathic civilian to brainwash them into a state where they are incapable of empathy and self-determination because of chronic institutionalized fear mongering and retaliation culture and abysmally poor educational value in school system. its a large scale issue. not a fringe case. and humanity is going on a collision course with anything that's the worst you can imagine it going toward to. as long as you sleep in this ''matrix'' of a short, it will continue. you gotta awake yourself and be an active driver for change. you gotta relearn empathy, bravery, courage and all those and more. things that where chirurgicaly circumcised from your mind with the goal of making you more obedient and more easy to control and more susceptible to herd mentality.
  15. @ambersewell8966: They said I was lazy when I was a child.  Today I understand  I just have trouble with order processing and stimulants give me the ambition to move forward in spite of that and the will to figure it out. Does that make sense?  Without them my world goes dark.  They are the difference between whether I can participate in life or staying trapped inside of my head. I'm going to try the blue stuff.  I have an understanding that those severely autistic cannot find a pathway to  verbalize their thoughts to communicate.  They can't "get out". But they are all there and operating at a higher level that normies can fathom.  Never ever believe they mentally less than.  They just can't get to you. I  discovered I can connect with them on a telepathic level so well I've thought of volunteering for translation for parents desperate to connect with their child.  All I need is a few seconds of initial eye contact. Total communication by telepathy is what we are evolving into.  Autistics are born ahead of the rest of us by design.  The disordered will bring order to the chaos.
  16. @Wixaritachica: Some of the tactics seem manipulative
  17. @JAS91984: I think when he said, she was young enough to be called girl, in my opinion, he revealed that he was talking to his son.
  18. @ТаняКовалева85: Sam Vaknin often says in his podcasts that living in large cities with high population density contributes to the appearance of psychopathy.
  19. @jasonrectorconstruction9536: Interesting how the host is the ego addict.  It feels like myself years ago. We have so much to learn.
  20. @welshcoblady: This man being interviewed has his own craft, his hands spoke louder than his mouth many times.

- Social Media Isn’t Hard. It’s Misunderstood.: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to grow faster on social media, I'm going to explain exactly how to do it. Because the truth is, if you're struggling to grow, you're probably just approaching the content game with a suboptimal strategy. Now, I've cracked every social platform I've ever been on. Instagram, Tik Tok, LinkedIn, even YouTube. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. And the secret is that I actually went down the rabbit hole to deeply understand how each individual platform works. The psychology, the algorithms, the core fundamentals for how to grow. So, in this video, I'm going to give you the full secret sauce. These are five non-obvious learnings for how social media actually works. And these are the same lessons that all the big creators deeply understand and that you may not. All right. Now, the first uncommon learning is that social media isn't actually social anymore. It's just media. And this seems like a small wording change, but it actually shifts everything about how you approach the content game. When social platforms were originally invented, they were social first. In that old era, everything was engineered to connect you with other people and show your content specifically to people that followed you. This was OG social from 2003 to about 2020. But since 2020, everything about social media changed because of Tik Tok. Just like YouTube, Tik Tok was not built for social connection. It was built specifically for media consumption. Think about it. You don't come on YouTube to talk to other people. You just come on to watch interesting videos. Tik Tok was essentially the same thing. It was YouTube but vertical. And the problem is that Tik Tok worked so well that it set off a chain reaction that caused every other social platform to shift in the same direction away from social and towards media. All that social media strategy, you have to throw that out because the game is completely different now. The platforms are no longer focused on social. They're just focused on media. And here's the big difference. Social is about matching content from followers only. Media is about matching content from anyone, followers or strangers. So, if you're really trying to grow with content, the million-dollar question is this. What is the best strategy for growing faster, generating more views, and turning those views into dollars? So, I'm going to give you the full cheat code right here. Think about this from Instagram's point of view as a business. Instagram gets paid when a viewer watches an ad. Their algorithm's only job is to keep viewers on the platform as long as possible so more ads can play. Now, the easiest way to keep viewers on Instagram for longer is to show them videos they actually like. And it sounds stupidly obvious, but this is so critical to understand. This system of connecting random videos with viewers that actually want to watch them is called audience matching. The better the match, the happier the viewer, the longer the session, the more ads they can run, and the more revenue Instagram generates. If you help Instagram make better matches and it makes more money, it will reward you for that. And this is the whole social media game. It is not more complicated than that. Matching is all the algorithms are designed to do. But the difference in this nonsocial media era is that the algorithm is allowed to match you with videos from any creator, not just the ones that you follow. So for you as a creator or a business owner, if you really want to grow on social media, your only job is helping the algorithm match your stuff with the right viewer because then you'll be happy and it will be happy. And when it's happy, it pushes your stuff more. Okay, so how do we actually help the algorithm do this matching better? Are there tactical steps we can take? Yes, there are. In order to best match your videos with the right viewers, the algorithm only needs to understand two things. The topics of your videos and the profiles of those viewers that want to watch them. That's all it needs. And the beauty is you can actually train the algorithm to get these answers quicker. The first tactical step for doing this is to be militantly focused and disciplined on your topic selection. All you have to do is make consistent videos about the same topic. Precision of topic is everything. Instead of spraying and praying across a bunch of different topic areas, pick a single topic and hit that bullseye over and over and over. If you're personally interested in sports and tech and design, don't make videos on the same channel about sports and tech and design. This will confuse the algorithm and it won't know what topic to push you for. Pick one topic area per channel and stick with just that. And here's the real tactical secret. Most algorithms run their audience match targeting based on the video transcription and the caption. So they look at the words you're saying and somewhat what you're writing in the caption and that's how they determine what topic you're actually talking about. Then they analyze which viewers are engaging positively with that video and they create a lookalike audience to push it further. So this is the key takeaway. If you want to grow faster and you want to convert attention into dollars, you need the algorithm's diagnosis of what topic you're talking about and who it's for to be accurate with what you want to talk about and who you want to get in front of. If it can't diagnose this topic audience match well, it's not going to push your videos. So, when you look at your channel and you scroll through your last 20 videos, are these topics all the same? Are they all targeting the exact same viewer avatar? If yes, and you're still not getting views, then the issue is with the video quality itself. And that is a much easier solve that I've been covering in all my videos. But if no, and you're all over the place with different topics, then this is your big issue. The best way to make sure the algorithm pushes your stuff to the right people is to only make videos about a single topic driven from pain points of that user consistently for several months. And after doing 30 to 50 videos like this, the algorithm will learn the type of topic that you want to talk about and it will start pushing you into that community. So, if you want to grow on social media, these are the things you do not want to do. Number one, do not make videos about a bunch of different topics on the same account. Number two, do not make videos that are not valuable or interesting to that same single target viewer avatar. And number three, do not make broad videos that do not apply to your viewer avatar on that account. Stay hyper precise and do this over and over and over. This is all you have to do to train the algorithm. Now, getting those videos to actually perform well once you have the algorithm aimed, well, that's a whole another set of issues. That's ideas, storytelling, script writing, editing. But the good news is I have lots of content to help you with that. I actually put together Wavy World, which is a free community for entrepreneurs with 17,000 people in it to help with that stuff. The links in the description if you want. It's completely free. But if you don't aim the algorithm correctly in the first place, well, then you're going to be stuck in zero view land and none of that other stuff actually matters. So, the summary here is this. Social media is no longer social. It's just media. Media works by matching viewers with videos they want to watch, regardless of who the creator was that made them. And three, to make that match happen more successfully with your content, you need to stay super disciplined on a single topic consistently over and over and over. All right. Now, the second uncommon lesson that I've learned about social media growth is that virality is a trap. If you want to get the ego boost of 10 million views, well, then go as broad and as wide as possible. But if you actually want to make money from content, there is a much better way to do it. Let me break it down. There are two types of virality. Pure virality and ontarget virality. Pure virality is virality at all costs. You intentionally pick extremely broad, extremely relatable topics to try to grow the viewer pie as much as possible. And this is where the 10 million plus view videos come from. But it turns out this actually isn't what you want if you're trying to build a business. Because pure virality spans across too many different viewer groups. If the video is about new tech for designing homes and you do get 10 million views, well then the chances are you've engaged tech people, architects, people that are trying to design homes, people that are interested in real estate. And despite the dopamine rush that does come from that, this is probably going to hurt your ability to monetize your audience. And the reason builds on this audience matching and targeting point I just mentioned. The more different audience groups that engage with the same video, the more confused the algorithm is going to be about where to point your next video. And you don't want the algorithm confused because then it won't help you find more of the people you're trying to find. So, a better way to approach virality is to go for ontarget virality. On target virality means that a large percentage of viewers within your target profile see the video, but it doesn't spill beyond that. Imagine you had one giant pie with 8 billion people in it. Pure virality is trying to get as many of those 8 billion people to see it, no matter where they fall on the pie. On target virality is picking a super narrow slice and then trying to fill as many people within that slice but not beyond it. Now, the reason ontarget virality is a better strategy is that it lets you be more nuanced with your topic selection because broad virality almost always requires super broad generic topics. But deep trust is built when you can talk about specific user pain points in a niche and narrow way. When you acknowledge your mission is not pure virality, you're able to come up with video ideas that widely target your narrow audience, essentially getting the highest penetration percentage of your potential buyers. And here's the cool part. It turns out that algorithms like precision a lot more than they like breadth. It would rather you be a fan favorite in the web design niche than appeal somewhat to all creatives. And this is because cult favorites are super strong audience matches. When you're able to execute a narrow topic with constant precision, it will push you more into that niche and you will become category viral. This is why you see so many small creatives with only a couple hundred thousand followers and cult fandom grow 7figure businesses. But these huge massive 7 million follower influencers can't even pay their rent. The riches are in the niches and the niches are best activated with ontarget virality. Now, I want to be clear. I definitely do want virality. I just want it aimed at my category. So, the tactical suggestion here for gut-eing your ideas and your content strategy is to constantly be asking yourself this question. Is my core audience avatar going to find this idea interesting, useful, valuable, or entertaining? If not, don't even make the video because even if you get a broadly viral hit, it's probably just hurting your potential chances to monetize. By the way, if you want help improving your videos so they do drive more of this ontarget virality, the best way to do this is to improve your storytelling and script writing and aim it at the right audience. To make this easier, I actually built an AI tool called Sandcastles that just does this for you. It takes everything I know about formulas and formats in content and compresses it so it just does it automatically. We have people using it right now that are writing 30 scripts per day and they're actually converting at a high level. So, if you want to try it for free, we have a free trial for everyone. Sandcastles.ai. Check it out in the description. The third uncommon learning that I've realized about social media is that you don't need to be playing on every platform at the same time. A common piece of advice from the social media gurus is you have to be everywhere cuz you never know where your buyer is going to show up. I think this is nonsense. You know exactly where your buyer is going to show up. They're spending time on one of these six platforms: Facebook, YouTube, LinkedIn, Tik Tok, Instagram, or X. All you need to do to grow and monetize on social media is to fish where your fish are. Pick the one hero platform where the highest density of your customers live, plus add email, and then only play on that combination for 6 months. After working with hundreds of business owners on social media strategy and content over the last year, I've realized that the over complication and overextension of trying to be everywhere all at once actually is doing more harm than good. Because when you focus on a single platform, you can immerse yourself into the community and learn about the zeitgeist of just that platform so much better. And by focusing on just one, that means you can comment on other people's posts in your niche. You can reply to every single one of your comments. You can use the secondary formats like Instagram stories if you're focused on reals. Essentially, you become a staple in your category on that platform. And by doing this, like anything, you compound your results faster because all your attention is compressed on one thing. Now, when it comes to formats, the secret is that all the fish are migrating to video. So whether it's short form or long form video, you definitely want to be creating video on whichever platform you choose. So the tactical advice is this. Pick your hero platform. Make sure you're making video content. Stay as consistent as possible. Engage in the comments, engage in the DMs, and focus on nothing but this for 6 months. And if you don't know which platforms your customers are actually on the most, take a small random subset of your existing customers and ask them. And if this doesn't work, think about who you follow and where you learn the most about the information in your space. When you're trying to be everywhere all at once and you don't have a core team to support you, everything can just get a little too complicated. So remember, fish where your fish are. All right. Now, the fourth uncommon learning about social media is islands verse ecosystems. And this one is going to shock you. Almost everybody on the internet is going to teach you to approach social media like one connected ecosystem. They'll say that your main goal is to get somebody to follow you on one platform and then do whatever you can to try to get them to find you everywhere else, connecting that ecosystem like a spiderweb. So they'll say you want to post about your YouTube videos on Instagram stories or post about your tweets on LinkedIn or post about your Tik Toks on YouTube. Essentially, the advice is to find one follower and then get them to follow you everywhere else. But I think this is a suboptimal approach. The ecosystem concept makes sense in theory as a construct to describe a brand that's already well-built. But if you're starting out from scratch, tactically this is the wrong strategy. Instead of thinking like an ecosystem, you want to treat social media platforms like individual islands that are not linked together. And let me explain what I mean. Each social platform was developed on its own. They all steal features and UX from each other, but they all have different quirks, different algorithms, and most importantly, different platform owners. Instagram, which is owned by Meta, wants to keep people in the Instagram family, not going to YouTube, which is owned by Google. And when you really think about it, it makes sense why platforms would reward behaviors that keep users on their platforms instead of pushing them to others. So, the first reason why you want to think of platforms in islands instead of connected ecosystems is because the platforms will actually hurt your reach when you try to push people out. When you post a URL in a tweet or a LinkedIn post, they nuke your engagement. When you post a URL in stories, they nuke your engagement. And why do they do this? Well, simply put, the platforms don't want their users leaving. They make money when their users stay. Now, most people that are coaching personal brand building will tell you that the cost of the platform nuking your stuff when you share links is worth it if you can grow everywhere. I disagree. But besides this, the even bigger reason why you want to think in separate islands instead of connected ecosystems is because of the user consumption patterns. Think of each social platform like a car driving on the social media highway. Each one is going at a different speed. Let's say Instagram is going at 35 mph. Tik Tok is at 50 mph. YouTube might be at 10 m hour. Users go to certain platforms because they like the consumption experience, the algo targeting the sub communities on that platform. When you try to force them from one to another to build the ecosystem, they end up hitting it and then churning right away. They don't like switching. And this causes them to either abandon watching your stuff altogether, abandon watching it on the new platform, or subconsciously dislike that you tried to force them away from what they already liked. It's better to meet each person where they are to make content native to the island and try to keep them there. And then you can use consistent branding, imagery, and storytelling elsewhere so that when they natively discover you, it feels aligned and matches. If someone's on Instagram and they also like consuming on YouTube, let them find you on YouTube as well. Don't force them there. Now, for each island, the only ramp you do want to build is from rented to owned. So, it's okay to ramp from Instagram to email or Instagram to private community, but you don't want to ramp from island to island, Instagram to Tik Tok. And if you do want to build a holistic connected brand cuz you're just not really fully buying what I'm saying. My frame for this is world building. World building is creating visual consistency or cohesion across different platforms. You're not pushing people, but when they do discover you, everything looks and feels aligned and matches. Ecosystems are forcing the cross-platform discovery. Don't force it. Just world build separately and let them discover the different islands. Now, my last uncommon learning has to deal with making money from content. And it took me a long time to realize this, but this was one of the most important lessons that I learned. Almost everyone making content is doing it because they want to make money. Let's be honest about that. This is the game. We all see all these influencers that appear to make insane money. And so we think we could do that, too. And we jump in. And so, if you're like me, you probably followed a similar path. You jumped in. You really sucked at first, but slowly surely, you started getting better and building up your skills. You grinded and grinded. You spent 12 months and hundreds of hours trying to do this. And then finally, you started to turn on monetization and get some money coming in. And then it hit you. $52? Is that it? That's all I'm making from YouTube AdSense? 12 months of grinding and hundreds of hours and all I'm getting is $52. And so you keep going for another year and you spend all this time and months and months and months. Maybe you land one brand deal for $500 and maybe one for $1,000 here and there, but you're working really hard. The views are high, the followers are high, but the money just doesn't seem that high. It doesn't seem in line with what you expected. And this is the big learning. Value does not really acrue at the media layer. This is the lesson. There are three layers in the content stack. The bottom layer is the platform layer. This is Instagram, Tik Tok, YouTube, the actual platforms. The middle layer is the media layer. That's me and you, the creators that are making content on the platform. The top layer is the offering layer. These are the products and services and brands that make products and pay creators to make content to drive attention to those products. Most of the money gets acred at the platform layer, the Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok or the offering layer, the brands, products and services that are driving. But very little gets captured at the media layer. All the attention is generated from the media layer, but very little of the value is actually captured here. And this is because value capture is correlated to risk. It's much easier for anyone to start making media than it would be to start a brand or much harder to start a social platform that actually works. And so the rate paid to creators is lower. The value captured is lower. The learning for me and probably you as someone that's trying to build internet businesses and survive as an entrepreneur is that value just doesn't acrue in a big way at the media layer. It's better to use media to gain attention and then funnel that media to owned products and services than it is to rely on the value capture AdSense and brand deals from the media. And tactically, this means building your own products, services, or doing affiliate deals with uncapped upside instead of relying specifically on AdSense CPMs or brand deals. And I can get more into the business side of content and monetization models in a future video if you guys want, but this is a critical piece when you're trying to monetize from content. There's just not that much money in the media layer relative to the other two. All right, guys. There you have it. Those are my five non-obvious lessons for how to actually grow and monetize on social media. To recap, number one, social media is not social anymore. It's just media. And this means the game has changed because the media game is all about matching content with the right viewers. To help the algos do this matching, you want to stay super disciplined on a single topic for a single audience avatar consistently for a long time. Use the words you say and the captions you say to help the algo detect what topic you're actually talking about. Number two, pure virality is a trap. If you want to make money with content, you want to go for ontarget virality, which means maximum penetration within your ideal avatar slice. To do this, pick ideas that resonate specifically with their pain points, but wrapped with category relevant broad case studies. Number three, fish where the fish are. You don't need to be on every single social platform. Pick the one platform where your customers live. Be video native and consistently engage in the comments and DMs. Do this specifically for 6 months. Number four, think in islands instead of ecosystems when you're building your social brand. Platforms are built like islands. Users consume like islands. You should treat them like islands. Build native content for the platform and don't try to force ramp people from one to another. The only ramps you should build are like ferryboats taking people from islands to email or community owned platforms from rented to owned. And number five, value does not acrue at the media layer. If you want to actually make money from content, know that the value occurs at the platform and the offering layer. Use the media layer to build attention and then ramp that attention to owned products and services. And remember guys, when it comes to the actual tactics of making better videos, the nuts and bolts, the click- forclick, I have tons of free resources and other videos linked below. And also, it's a shameless plug, but Sand Castles is the best AI tool for helping you ramp up your content production. So, if you haven't tried it, it's completely free to try. You should. And lastly, make sure to leave a comment to let me know what you guys want in the next video. But until then, we'll see you guys on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [158 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @Lindyg01 [2 likes]: Here in 2026
I'm starting a Facebook fashion page today
This tips are so helpful like I'm feeling so motivated
Hoping to make it big😊
  3. @ManlyHK1 [1 likes]: But I have seen many multiple topic channels that are huge successes!
  4. @Chefmarthaa [1 likes]: You are so good..thank you for giving this out for free
  5. @MaryNnekaTV [1 likes]: Feel like giving up😢
  6. @krishna_but_stillbrown [1 likes]: I know this works for business but how about comedy or art that comes from multiple topics , good art doesn’t usually translate to views or followers
  7. @FluffyBunnyFeet06 [1 likes]: Tried about 7 different videos on this topic. All just said fancy words didn’t teach anything. You’re the first one who actually has taught me anything. Thankyou. great content
  8. @Adylus0 [1 likes]: It was good ❤
  9. @hybird4training: Good stuff brother. Love your content
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لا يوجد دبلجة بلغة العربية
  11. @BlockGT1: I have -10 views :D I’m sooo good
  12. @therandomchannel808: Thanks bro this helps
  13. @Ijeoma_Kalu: I’m new on content creation and truly I’ve noticed this; focusing on one topic and being consistent on it. You just gained a new subscriber 🎉
  14. @SoftWhispersofLove: Godbless you Sir
  15. @kakashi24001: say i am creating a particular channel for bringing people to a certain religion and i create videos teaching the various components of that religion, its teachings, doctrines, Text authority etc. is this a niche enough channel? will i have good exposure via the YT algorithm ?
  16. @aninditapal-se3pv: The best thing I have done so far is to come accross your videos
  17. @SickCallRanger: Just now beginning my journey. Thanks for the tips
  18. @tsoomoonaraa953: I am so glad that I found you
  19. @CliffordWeston-n2v: It seems like it shouldn’t be too hard, but with all the new factor involved, it’s definitely not as simple as it used to be
  20. @SkywardSolutionsPhotography: This was super helpful ! I can’t wait to dive more into your videos and see what we can learn. We are just starting our business and it can feel overwhelming at times.

- Steve Jobs talks about managing people: Kind: captions Language: en one of the keys to apple is apple's an incredibly collaborative company and so you know how many committees we have at apple no zero we have no committees no committees we are a ver we are organized like a startup one person is in charge of iphone os software one person is in charge of mac hardware one person is in charge of iphone hardware engineering another person is in charge of worldwide marketing another person is in charge of operations it's we're organized like a startup we're the biggest startup on the planet we all meet for three hours once a week and we talk about everything we're doing the whole business and there's tremendous teamwork at the top of the company which filters down to tremendous teamwork throughout the company and teamwork is dependent on trusting the other folks to come through with their part without watching them all the time but trusting that they're going to come through with their parts and that's what we do really well and we're great at figuring out how to divide things up into these great teams that we have and all work on the same thing touch bases frequently and bring it all together into a product we do that really well and so what i do all day is meet with teams of people work on ideas and solve problems to make new products to make new marketing programs whatever it is and are people willing to tell you you're wrong yeah i mean other than snarky journalists i mean people are working yeah no we have wonderful arguments and do you win them all or oh no i wish i did i'll see you can't if you want to hire great people and have them stay working for you you have to let them make a lot of decisions and you have to you have to be run by ideas not hierarchy the best ideas have to win so otherwise good people don't stay but you must be more than a facilitator who runs meetings you obviously contribute your own ideas i contribute ideas sure why would i be there if i didn't

  Top Comments:
  1. @NextGenGames0 [2 likes]: Difference between an engineer and a CEO in a 2-minute clip.
  2. @randyroberts9322 [1 likes]: What has Steve Jobs done lately?
  3. @LiliacLimm [1 likes]: i see him visibly thin here. He's clearly sick and  getting sicker at this point. so sad
  4. @LiliacLimm [1 likes]: i see him visibly thin here. He's clearly sick and  getting sicker at this point. so sad
  5. @clay_knapp: somebody needs to make a new movie about him, that's actually good - and captures what an amazing entrepreneur and CEO he was
  6. @perugino25: i think he was unique just by listening his point of view of managing people. CS is the reflection of the CEO!!!!!
  7. @YNWAj1: 🤍✨️✨️🤍
  8. @metanivk: ❤ RIP to a great mind and soul
  9. @ronaldsimmons8346: He left out the part of fostering competition amongst groups where the losers get fired.
  10. @arjuna3234: He looks like Satan himself. But Billyboy is the Satan
  11. @ConradWolf-li5mx: The dude's been gone for 15 years and Apple pretty much hasn't come up with any revolutionary in 15 years. 'Nuff said.
  12. @Justanotherkaren: Most companies are ego driven by dumbarse CEOs who think they are God and the minions are not worth listening to
  13. @ShamsudeenBelloardo: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  14. @ShreefKassas: Amazing content as always!
  15. @Marshalllapenta-b1m: I wish I did.....
  16. @AyaTokujitani: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  17. @MohammedAwwalAwwal: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  18. @IsmailAlasan-e6k: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  19. @HarryColin-j5q: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  20. @Zarghoon: Stupid Gringos can't stop worshiping stupid people, even elected one of their stupidist for president, twice, now go make that measure.

- Why good leaders make you feel safe | Simon Sinek | TED: Kind: captions Language: en There's a man by the name of Captain William Swenson who recently was awarded the congressional Medal of Honor for his actions on September 8, 2009. On that day, a column of American and Afghan troops were making their way through a part of Afghanistan to help protect a group of government officials, a group of Afghan government officials, who would be meeting with some local village elders. The column came under ambush, and was surrounded on three sides, and amongst many other things, Captain Swenson was recognized for running into live fire to rescue the wounded and pull out the dead. One of the people he rescued was a sergeant, and he and a comrade were making their way to a medevac helicopter. And what was remarkable about this day is, by sheer coincidence, one of the medevac medics happened to have a GoPro camera on his helmet and captured the whole scene on camera. It shows Captain Swenson and his comrade bringing this wounded soldier who had received a gunshot to the neck. They put him in the helicopter, and then you see Captain Swenson bend over and give him a kiss before he turns around to rescue more. I saw this, and I thought to myself, where do people like that come from? What is that? That is some deep, deep emotion, when you would want to do that. There's a love there, and I wanted to know why is it that I don't have people that I work with like that? You know, in the military, they give medals to people who are willing to sacrifice themselves so that others may gain. In business, we give bonuses to people who are willing to sacrifice others so that we may gain. We have it backwards. Right? So I asked myself, where do people like this come from? And my initial conclusion was that they're just better people. That's why they're attracted to the military. These better people are attracted to this concept of service. But that's completely wrong. What I learned was that it's the environment, and if you get the environment right, every single one of us has the capacity to do these remarkable things, and more importantly, others have that capacity too. I've had the great honor of getting to meet some of these, who we would call heroes, who have put themselves and put their lives at risk to save others, and I asked them, "Why would you do it? Why did you do it?" And they all say the same thing: "Because they would have done it for me." It's this deep sense of trust and cooperation. So trust and cooperation are really important here. The problem with concepts of trust and cooperation is that they are feelings, they are not instructions. I can't simply say to you, "Trust me," and you will. I can't simply instruct two people to cooperate, and they will. It's not how it works. It's a feeling. So where does that feeling come from? If you go back 50,000 years to the Paleolithic era, to the early days of Homo sapiens, what we find is that the world was filled with danger, all of these forces working very, very hard to kill us. Nothing personal. Whether it was the weather, lack of resources, maybe a saber-toothed tiger, all of these things working to reduce our lifespan. And so we evolved into social animals, where we lived together and worked together in what I call a circle of safety, inside the tribe, where we felt like we belonged. And when we felt safe amongst our own, the natural reaction was trust and cooperation. There are inherent benefits to this. It means I can fall asleep at night and trust that someone from within my tribe will watch for danger. If we don't trust each other, if I don't trust you, that means you won't watch for danger. Bad system of survival. The modern day is exactly the same thing. The world is filled with danger, things that are trying to frustrate our lives or reduce our success, reduce our opportunity for success. It could be the ups and downs in the economy, the uncertainty of the stock market. It could be a new technology that renders your business model obsolete overnight. Or it could be your competition that is sometimes trying to kill you. It's sometimes trying to put you out of business, but at the very minimum is working hard to frustrate your growth and steal your business from you. We have no control over these forces. These are a constant, and they're not going away. The only variable are the conditions inside the organization, and that's where leadership matters, because it's the leader that sets the tone. When a leader makes the choice to put the safety and lives of the people inside the organization first, to sacrifice their comforts and sacrifice the tangible results, so that the people remain and feel safe and feel like they belong, remarkable things happen. I was flying on a trip, and I was witness to an incident where a passenger attempted to board before their number was called, and I watched the gate agent treat this man like he had broken the law, like a criminal. He was yelled at for attempting to board one group too soon. So I said something. I said, "Why do you have treat us like cattle? Why can't you treat us like human beings?" And this is exactly what she said to me. She said, "Sir, if I don't follow the rules, I could get in trouble or lose my job." All she was telling me is that she doesn't feel safe. All she was telling me is that she doesn't trust her leaders. The reason we like flying Southwest Airlines is not because they necessarily hire better people. It's because they don't fear their leaders. You see, if the conditions are wrong, we are forced to expend our own time and energy to protect ourselves from each other, and that inherently weakens the organization. When we feel safe inside the organization, we will naturally combine our talents and our strengths and work tirelessly to face the dangers outside and seize the opportunities. The closest analogy I can give to what a great leader is, is like being a parent. If you think about what being a great parent is, what do you want? What makes a great parent? We want to give our child opportunities, education, discipline them when necessary, all so that they can grow up and achieve more than we could for ourselves. Great leaders want exactly the same thing. They want to provide their people opportunity, education, discipline when necessary, build their self-confidence, give them the opportunity to try and fail, all so that they could achieve more than we could ever imagine for ourselves. Charlie Kim, who's the CEO of a company called Next Jump in New York City, a tech company, he makes the point that if you had hard times in your family, would you ever consider laying off one of your children? We would never do it. Then why do we consider laying off people inside our organization? Charlie implemented a policy of lifetime employment. If you get a job at Next Jump, you cannot get fired for performance issues. In fact, if you have issues, they will coach you and they will give you support, just like we would with one of our children who happens to come home with a C from school. It's the complete opposite. This is the reason so many people have such a visceral hatred, anger, at some of these banking CEOs with their disproportionate salaries and bonus structures. It's not the numbers. It's that they have violated the very definition of leadership. They have violated this deep-seated social contract. We know that they allowed their people to be sacrificed so they could protect their own interests, or worse, they sacrificed their people to protect their own interests. This is what so offends us, not the numbers. Would anybody be offended if we gave a $150 million bonus to Gandhi? How about a $250 million bonus to Mother Teresa? Do we have an issue with that? None at all. None at all. Great leaders would never sacrifice the people to save the numbers. They would sooner sacrifice the numbers to save the people. Bob Chapman, who runs a large manufacturing company in the Midwest called Barry-Wehmiller, in 2008 was hit very hard by the recession, and they lost 30 percent of their orders overnight. Now in a large manufacturing company, this is a big deal, and they could no longer afford their labor pool. They needed to save 10 million dollars, so, like so many companies today, the board got together and discussed layoffs. And Bob refused. You see, Bob doesn't believe in head counts. Bob believes in heart counts, and it's much more difficult to simply reduce the heart count. And so they came up with a furlough program. Every employee, from secretary to CEO, was required to take four weeks of unpaid vacation. They could take it any time they wanted, and they did not have to take it consecutively. But it was how Bob announced the program that mattered so much. He said, it's better that we should all suffer a little than any of us should have to suffer a lot, and morale went up. They saved 20 million dollars, and most importantly, as would be expected, when the people feel safe and protected by the leadership in the organization, the natural reaction is to trust and cooperate. And quite spontaneously, nobody expected, people started trading with each other. Those who could afford it more would trade with those who could afford it less. People would take five weeks so that somebody else only had to take three. Leadership is a choice. It is not a rank. I know many people at the seniormost levels of organizations who are absolutely not leaders. They are authorities, and we do what they say because they have authority over us, but we would not follow them. And I know many people who are at the bottoms of organizations who have no authority and they are absolutely leaders, and this is because they have chosen to look after the person to the left of them, and they have chosen to look after the person to the right of them. This is what a leader is. I heard a story of some Marines who were out in theater, and as is the Marine custom, the officer ate last, and he let his men eat first, and when they were done, there was no food left for him. And when they went back out in the field, his men brought him some of their food so that he may eat, because that's what happens. We call them leaders because they go first. We call them leaders because they take the risk before anybody else does. We call them leaders because they will choose to sacrifice so that their people may be safe and protected and so their people may gain, and when we do, the natural response is that our people will sacrifice for us. They will give us their blood and sweat and tears to see that their leader's vision comes to life, and when we ask them, "Why would you do that? Why would you give your blood and sweat and tears for that person?" they all say the same thing: And isn't that the organization we would all like to work in? Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @jramospma2283 [4 likes]: The message of Simon Sinek is very accurate because it redefines leadership as an act of protection and service, not authority. When a leader makes their team feel safe, people dare to collaborate, make mistakes, and give their best without fear. This shows that true performance does not come from pressure or fear, but from the trust and sense of belonging created by a healthy leadership environment.
  2. @RoniMangatas [1 likes]: no way, that's crazy, i like him and i believe in the power of him words. 
Anyone 2026? 😂
  3. @Reflectionsofvijay [1 likes]: Wonderful,
1)Come out of comfort zone
  4. @sandradye8634 [1 likes]: Real Leader!
  5. @funkycrime9013: "...every single one of us has the capacity to do these remarkable things, and more importantly, others have that capacity too." Whosawhatsanow?
  6. @Rushour717: This is something the Trump Regime should watch
  7. @AkshayKumar-yg4ts: This thought also come to my mind....about leadership.....
  8. @BamBoom-e7n: 5 Ways to Lead in an Era of Constant Change” – Detailed Answer
Introduction
In the 21st century, organizations operate in a highly dynamic environment where change is constant and unavoidable. Factors such as rapid technological advancements, globalization, digital transformation, and evolving customer expectations force companies to continuously adapt. In this context, Jim Hemerling, in his TED Talk, explains how leaders can successfully guide organizations through change.
He argues that traditional change management approaches are outdated because they focus mainly on processes, targets, and performance metrics, while ignoring the most important factor — people. His central idea is that change should be human-centered, inspiring, and sustainable rather than exhausting and stressful.
Need for a New Approach to Change
Earlier, organizations treated change as a short-term project with strict deadlines and rigid plans. However, today’s environment requires continuous transformation. Employees often experience “change fatigue” due to constant pressure, leading to stress, reduced productivity, and burnout.
Thus, there is a need for:
A more flexible approach
Greater employee involvement
Emotional and psychological support
Continuous learning and adaptation
Core Idea of the Talk
The main message of the talk is:
“Put people at the center of change.”
When employees feel:
valued
motivated
supported
they become active participants in change rather than resisting it. This leads to better outcomes for both individuals and organizations.
⭐ Five Key Ways to Lead in an Era of Constant Change
1. Inspire Through Purpose
A strong sense of purpose is essential for successful change. Leaders must clearly communicate:
Why the change is happening
What goals are to be achieved
How it benefits employees and society
When people understand the purpose, they feel connected and motivated. Purpose transforms work from a task into a meaningful contribution.
Example:
A company shifting to eco-friendly production can inspire employees by highlighting environmental benefits and social responsibility.
2. Go All-in (Full Commitment)
Leaders must fully commit to change rather than taking a partial or hesitant approach. Lack of commitment can create confusion and mistrust among employees.
Full commitment involves:
Clear decision-making
Strong leadership support
Consistent communication
Alignment of all departments
When leaders show confidence, employees feel secure and are more willing to follow.
3. Enable People with Capabilities
Change often requires new skills and knowledge. Organizations must:
Provide training programs
Encourage learning and development
Support upskilling and reskilling
This ensures employees are capable of handling new systems, technologies, and roles.
Example:
During digital transformation, companies train employees in new software tools instead of replacing them.
4. Lead with Empathy
Empathy is one of the most important leadership qualities during change. Leaders must:
Understand employee concerns
Listen actively
Provide emotional support
Address fears and uncertainties
Empathetic leadership reduces resistance and builds trust.
Example:
If employees fear job loss due to automation, leaders should communicate openly and provide reassurance or alternative opportunities.
5. Build a Culture of Continuous Change
Instead of treating change as a one-time event, organizations should create a culture where change is:
Continuous
Accepted
Encouraged
This involves:
Promoting innovation
Encouraging flexibility
Rewarding adaptability
A strong culture ensures long-term success and resilience.
Challenges in Managing Change
Despite good strategies, organizations face several challenges:
Resistance from employees
Fear of uncertainty
Lack of skills
Poor communication
Leadership gaps
By following the five principles, these challenges can be minimized.
Benefits of Human-Centered Change
When leaders focus on people, organizations experience:
Higher employee engagement
Increased productivity
Better innovation
Stronger teamwork
Reduced stress and burnout
Employees become more committed and willing to contribute to organizational goals.
Real-World Relevance
Many successful companies adopt these principles by:
Investing in employee well-being
Encouraging collaboration
Maintaining transparency
Supporting continuous learning
This approach is especially important in industries like IT, healthcare, and education, where change is rapid.
Conclusion
In conclusion, Jim Hemerling emphasizes that leading in an era of constant change requires a shift from traditional methods to a more human-centered approach. Change should not be exhausting but inspiring.
By:
Inspiring purpose
Committing fully
Enabling people
Leading with empathy
Building a culture of continuous change
leaders can successfully guide organizations through uncertainty and achieve sustainable growth.
  9. @BamBoom-e7n: TED Talk Summary (50 Marks)
Introduction (10 Marks)
The TED Talk “5 Ways to Lead in an Era of Constant Change” is presented by Jim Hemerling. In this talk, he explains how leaders can handle continuous change in organizations. The main idea is that change does not have to feel stressful or exhausting if leaders focus on people first.
Main Ideas (15 Marks)
Jim Hemerling says that in today’s world, change is constant and unavoidable, especially in companies. Many people feel tired and stressed during change because it is often forced on them. He explains five important ways leaders can manage change better. First, leaders should inspire people by giving them a clear purpose. Second, they should fully commit to change instead of doing it halfway. Third, employees must be given the right tools and support to succeed. Fourth, organizations should create a culture of continuous learning. Finally, leaders should be both strong and inclusive, meaning they guide clearly but also listen to others.
Supporting Details (10 Marks)
The speaker explains that many organizations fail because they focus only on results and ignore employees’ feelings. He uses real-life workplace situations to show how people resist change when they feel left out. He also explains that when leaders involve employees and support them properly, change becomes more positive and effective. These examples make his ideas more relatable and practical. �
DeBoer Fellowship +1
Conclusion (10 Marks)
In conclusion, Jim Hemerling emphasizes that successful change depends on how leaders treat people. Instead of making change stressful, leaders can make it motivating and meaningful. The main takeaway is that putting people first can turn change into a positive experience.
Language & Organization (5 Marks)
The summary is written in simple and clear language. The ideas are arranged in a logical order, making it easy to understand.
2. Listening to Technical Topic (50 Marks)
1. Title and Purpose (10 Marks)
The title of the talk is “5 Ways to Lead in an Era of Constant Change.” The purpose is to explain how leaders can manage organizational change in a better and more effective way.
2. Major Concepts (10 Marks)
The main concepts include leadership during change, importance of purpose, employee support, continuous learning, and inclusive leadership. The speaker also focuses on people-centered leadership.
3. Supporting Evidence (10 Marks)
Jim Hemerling uses workplace examples and real-life situations to explain how employees react to change. He shows that when leaders ignore people’s needs, change becomes difficult, but when they support employees, it becomes successful.
4. Benefits, Challenges, Future Possibilities (10 Marks)
The benefit of his approach is that change becomes less stressful and more productive. The main challenge is that many organizations still focus only on short-term results. In the future, companies can become more flexible and people-oriented.
5. Final Message (10 Marks)
The final message is that change is not the problem; how leaders handle it is what matters. If leaders focus on people, change can become a positive and motivating experience.
  10. @Alexstephani333: I had my professor show me this today. And I realized how true this was. A divided nation cannot stand. When we humbly work together, instead of wolf eat wolf, it is amazing how much more gets done. That is the true jewel. Not stepping on others to get to the top, but using your leadership to actually help others. This made me think of the verse “ The greatest among you will be your servant.” - Matthew 23:11
  11. @keenobserver6592: Naslows HIGHERARCHY OF NEEDS
JEHOVA JIRAH MY Provider of NEEDS!
  12. @Crescitaly_com: The most underrated part of building a brand is looking like you already have one. Crescitaly does that.
  13. @narinehovhannisyan7628: This video highlights an important aspect of leadership that is often overlooked , creating a sense of safety and trust. I agree that people perform better when they feel respected and supported rather than pressured.From my experience, leaders who listen and understand their team create a much more productive environment. However, I also think leadership requires balance, because being supportive should not mean avoiding responsibility or discipline. A strong leader should combine empathy with clear expectations.
  14. @elenasoledadrodriguezcontr7480: Excelente, maravilloso, desde Perú 🇵🇪 gracias desde el ❤  por esta visión de líder, gracias FLIC.
  15. @galaxiandancer: This talk proves that the CEO ofcompany I work for is the consequence of the lack of trust, the gaps in communication and the inefficencies.
  16. @meat4078: Are you telling me that you are buying up days of vacations  - time of vacations that other people literally fought for us to have - for the good of the workers, but you can not hire more staff  so that you share the money  from overtime as a salary increase? The overtimes are many in our department with the vacations and double shift. And if (IF) we could agree that you can't hire more people for reasons that I probably don't know, you insist that it is profit for the employee to waste personal time and  all the research that has been done over the decades on how much time per day, week, and year an employee can work qualitatively, is that something you simply negate?
  17. @vaishvaishu2800: Great speech
  18. @EmmaFabella-c3r: I have a better solution for trolley problem
  19. @lauraserafim271: Uma maneira bonita e romatizada de falar sobre a liderança, como se a falta de responsabilidade e compromisso do liderado fosse um falha do líder, e não é bem assim. As vezes a sensação de impunidade é o que destroi o ambiente de trabalho e influencia negativamente o restante da equipe.
  20. @jefersonwillian1000: Jesus é um exemplo claro de líder nato. Aliás o maior dos lideres.

- Don't Put People in Boxes: Kind: captions Language: en It's so easy to place people in boxes. Drawing lines. Creating sides. There's us. And there's them. Those we feel comfortable around, And those we don't. There are those of us with many chapters. And those just starting their own story. There's the well to do. And those doing what they can. There are those who we share something with. And those we don't seem to share anything with. Welcome and thank you for coming today guys. Today I'm gonna be conducting an experiment. Where I'll ask you a series of questions. Now these questions will be very personal questions. And for us to get a true result I need you to be completely honest with how you respond. The first question I have is who in here was the class clown? Who is never on time? And then. We who have tattoos. We who feel lonely. We who have been bullied. We who have bullied others. We who are madly in love. We who have overcome great adversity. And there's the lucky ones. Who's team won the championship this year. We who beat cancer. And then... There's all of us. Who are created in the image of God. And as one body, we stand together. United as one. Under his grace.

- Your Shorts Views Are About to Change Dramatically (Here's Why): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube has just made a massive change in how they count views on shorts, and it has already begun. Since March 31st, views are now counted every time your short starts playing or replays, and there is no minimum watch time required. This means if someone quickly scrolls past your video, it still counts as a view. Now, on the surface, this sounds like a win. More views, right? But let's dig into what this really means for your growth and strategy. While the new system makes your view count look higher, it doesn't actually change the quality of the views you're getting. YouTube will still measure engagement through metrics such as shares, likes, average view duration, and other factors which I have already covered in a different video. This new system won't focus solely on the number of views your shorts get. Basically, while you may get more views on paper, it doesn't necessarily translate into more engagement or better performance in the algorithm. It's very important to remember that views alone don't guarantee success. And if you're looking to grow your channel, focusing on your audience is the number one key. Another major thing to note is that this change won't affect your eligibility for monetization or how YouTube calculates payout. YouTube will still rely on engaged views for monetization, which are views from people who actually watch a meaningful portion of your video. Engaged views give us an idea of how many viewers stayed to watch past the initial second. If you check your analytics today, you'll no longer see the usual viewed versus swiped percentage. It has now been changed to stay to watch versus swiped percentage. At the end of the day, the important question to ask yourself is, will this change really help you grow or will it just give you a temporary boost in numbers? Let me know your thoughts in the comments and feel free to check out this video that explains how you can solve the zero views problem on

  Top Comments:
  1. @NameIsAvinash [5 likes]: Worst Update Ever They Giving Me 3 Dollars For 1 Million Views😢 Plz Undo This Update 😑
  2. @Tube_IQ [5 likes]: Do YOU LIKE THIS UPDATE?
  3. @MagnusØen [4 likes]: Revenue after this update is very low. I used to get 20 dollar per 100k views before, now im getting only 3-4 dollars
  4. @Tube_IQ [4 likes]: WERE YOU AWARE OF THIS UPDATE?
  5. @Tube_IQ [3 likes]: SUBSCRIBE
  6. @Cricpunch23-sk [2 likes]: This is shit, I used to get 700-1k views per video, but now it's around 300(engaged). Absolutely killed my confidence.
  7. @MagnusØen [2 likes]: Worst update
  8. @RambleRandomly [2 likes]: Started uploading shorts 5 days ago and still no subscribers 😢
  9. @DesolateColdVoid [1 likes]: It’s a good thing I’m not monetized and NEVER made my Channel for any audience. It’s a form
of self-expression. If a very small number of people dig it, good for them, either way I could care less. Oh and by the way, Good video bro.
You provide a service (info).
  10. @HhH-ej8vb [1 likes]: You can see how many engaged views of all time but you can't see how many engaged views you've got in the last 60 minutes or last 48 hours it's dreadful.if your shorts keep getting views every day you cant see if the proper views are decreasing on increasing. Anyway it already showed how many times it was shiwn in feed before the update.
  11. @HProtagVtuber [1 likes]: "Don't check the sound"

- Why Your Views Die After 48 Hours (and how to fix it): Kind: captions Language: en We've all had that feeling when we post out a brand new video, it starts getting some views, we get excited, and then two days later, nothing. Like, the views just stop. Well, that's not random. There's actually a reason this keeps happening. And once you understand what it is, everything changes. So, in this video, I'm going to show you exactly why that happens. And then I'll share five steps you can take to revive any video that stops getting views. So firstly, let's talk about why this actually happens. Because when you post out a new video, YouTube will immediately put it into what's called a test phase. And this is where the algorithm suggests your video to a small group of people. And the people in this small group is usually made up of your own subscribers and a few random people who've watched content similar to yours recently, but don't actually subscribe to you yet. And basically this test is done to analyze how those people in that group behave when they see your video. And this test will look at things like do they click on your video? Do they watch past the first 30 seconds? Did they finish the video? Did they like or comment on your video? And finally, do they watch another one of your videos afterwards? And basically all this does is this early data tells YouTube everything it needs to know about your video. Because if plenty of people click on your video and watch it, it means your video scores well in the test and YouTube will then start expanding its reach and pushing out to more and more people and therefore you'll get more and more views. But however, if those viewers in the first test don't click on your video or if they do click on it but then leave early or if they just don't engage with it at all, then the algorithm will assume it's not an interesting video or that it's a bad quality video and therefore it's going to stop recommending it. And that's why most of you will see a sudden little burst of views at the start and then nothing. Now, if that does happen to you, then it just means your video failed that first test. But that doesn't necessarily mean your video is bad or dead. It could just mean that the algorithm was suggesting that video to the wrong audience in the first place. Now, look, I know what I'm about to say might seem unfair, but bigger channels like mine, we don't suffer from this as much because our audiences are already trained. YouTube knows exactly what kind of viewer loves our content, but if your channel is smaller or inconsistent, the algorithm basically has no pattern to follow. So, every new video basically starts from zero. Now, the good news is if you do have a video that dies off after 48 hours, you can actually re-trigger the testing phase at any time. Like I said, there are five different things you can do to revive views on any video, and I'm going to break them all down for you right now. All right. So, the very first thing I recommend you do is add timestamps using keywords that are related to both your niche and the video itself. This is a great little way of adding in some sneaky SEO and discoverability to your video. And doing so basically actually re-triggers your SEO rankings because you're actually adding more metadata to the video on top of what it already had. And if you don't know what time stamps are, they're these things here, like little chapters. They break up the video, but they also add more context and SEO. Now, for me, I always actually usually write mine like this. I don't particularly like giving away the information. So, I'll say like method one, method two, method three, as it kind of keeps the content a secret and makes you need to watch it to find out. But if the views on this video died out, I would need to go in there and give it some more life. So, I would swap these into something a bit more SEO keyword heavy. And to do so, I'd get rid of method 1, method 2, method three, and instead I'd write something more like YouTube growth method one or how to get more views or best YouTube growth tips or YouTube growth tips one, YouTube growth tips two, for example. That way, I'm still describing the video, but I'm throwing in a few more related keywords to my niche in there as well, and the algorithm loves it. Then the next method is one that actually barely anyone talks about, which I find strange, but this can completely revive a dead video overnight if done correctly. And this is what I call seasonal or timely refreshing. Because here's the thing, YouTube loves fresh content. And sometimes your video just needs a bit of tiny new fresh data. So let me explain what I mean. Basically, if your video covers a topic that's timebased, like trends or certain products or travel spots or workouts or even like tips for the new year, you can easily give it a second life by updating it to match what's relevant right now. For example, if you posted a video called, I don't know, the top 10 best side hustles, but it's completely dead now after 48 hours, don't delete it. Instead, go in and just update a few key things. change the title to something like best side hustles for 2025 brackets updated. And then maybe even go into the thumbnail just to include the text 2025 as well because when you do this, YouTube actually treats it like a fresh little upload and it's going to re-evaluate your video and start another little micro test. And you can also do this with seasonal content, too. For example, let's say you have a video titled summer workout plan. You could just refresh this by updating the title to summer workout plan 2025. or if you're in travel, turn, let's say, top European destinations into something like top European destinations for winter 2025. That kind of stuff. This tiny little change can completely reset your entire click-through rate, and it can help YouTube to retest your video to a brand new audience that's actively searching for that content right now. So, just give it a try. Then, this next one might sound a little scary, but trust me, it works. So, if your video is completely dead after 48 hours, don't be afraid to re-edit the first 15 seconds and then re-upload it as a new video. Here's why. Most videos fail not because the content is bad, but because the hook doesn't grab attention fast enough, and YouTube retention data proves it. You will always see the biggest drop off of viewers within the first 30 seconds. So, if you can fix that, you can completely change how the algorithm treats your video. But if your video is like really dead and not bringing in any views at all, even after you've tried to revive it, like with one of the other methods, then here's what you can do instead. You should test a full re-upload, but instead with an improved opening hook and packaging. And to do this, you just need to make three small but powerful changes. Number one, obviously add a new thumbnail. Number two, try a different title. And number three, rewrite and re-record your first 15 seconds to hook people in better than before. Because like I said, sometimes the video itself is actually perfectly fine. But it could just be that the hook or the first impression has killed it. So just never be scared to re-upload a video with a few tweaks and just go again. And you don't even have to delete the old one if you don't want to. Then the next thing I want you to do is improve your audience signals. And what I mean by this is if your audience isn't watching enough related videos before or after watching your video, then the algorithm basically can't find a proper viewing journey pattern. So in this case, if you have videos that keep dying off after 48 hours, then you need to manually create a mini viewer path. And that's basically where you link your dead video to the best performing ones on your channel. So now I want you to go into your YouTube studio, find all of your best performing videos that are still bringing in a few views here and there, and then do the following. First of all, I want you to go in and pin a link to the top of the comments of each video and the description. And it's basically going to say something like, "If you enjoy this video, give this one a watch next. I'm sure you're going to love it." This means that they'll have another one of your videos to click on to as soon as they're done watching the current one. And then I also want you to add cards and end screens onto those videos as well, which again will point those viewers to your new video. Look, I know this might feel like a lot of work, but once you get the hang of it, it will become second nature to you. Doing so will allow you to reconnect the dead video into an active viewer journey, and that is what we want. And then finally, similar to the end screens trick we mentioned right at the start of the video, the final thing I would suggest you do is link all of your shorts to your new video. And you should know by now that YouTube gives you the option to link specific shorts to specific videos. So if viewers see one of your shorts, they will then be automatically suggested one of your long- form videos, too. It's basically going to come up here. It's another handy little trick you can use to drive traffic to a new video. So, I would suggest that every time you post a new video, go into every single shot on your channel and link your latest video to all of them. This will help with that extra few bit of views and exposure. And you could also use a tool like Nexus Clips to clip up those long form videos into shorts because like I said, having shorts directly related to your long form videos is the best way to grow your channel and bring in a very strong audience. So, when you do post out a new video, upload it to Nexus Clips, get the AI tool to clip up into five different shorts from that one video automatically, and then upload those shorts straight away to YouTube and link them all to your long form video. That way, you've posted like five bits of content from one video. And that's five different options of getting views. Anyway, look, if you're struggling to grow on YouTube right now, investing in a YouTube growth course could be the smartest move you'll ever make. Every successful creator you see on YouTube, whether it's Mr. beast, Ali Abdal, or anyone in between has at some point bought a course or paid for some sort of mentorship. Because the truth is, learning directly from the people who've already figured it out is the biggest cheat code to success on YouTube. And that's exactly why I created the YouTube Wealth Academy. I've spent the last 12, maybe even 15 months building it from the ground up. Taking everything I've learned from growing my own free channels and condensing it into one simple step-by-step system for all new, small, and even intermediate creators. Right now, you can grab it with $100 off using code 24 hours. Link is in the description below. But if you're not ready for that just yet, no worries. YouTube thinks that this video on screen right now is the perfect one for you to watch next. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [36 likes]: Work with me here (spots closing soon): https://www.ytwealthacademy.org
  2. @SynthhClips [1 likes]: my videos usally get around 2k-30k and completly flatline
help me dude
  3. @EchoesforyouLifetime [1 likes]: This song feels like a midnight memory 🌙✨
I tried creating cinematic English versions of Bollywood classics on my channel “Luna Maria Melodies!” for people who love emotional music and late-night vibes.
  4. @DarkAssassin334: does this work for shorts
  5. @SameHereYaar: What can I do for short form videos?
  6. @tinkabell39: Thaaaaaank you 😊..
Subscribed!
  7. @Found.AllWays: Under 100subs gang 🙌🙌🙌
  8. @noinaycomeo: Thank you for your sharing ❤
  9. @HistoricalFriction1: Thanks for the info! Just getting started
  10. @howienicu: trying my best to at least reach 1000 subs :)
  11. @NoDTVtm: Am I the only one having issues with verifying phone number? How do I fix that, can anyone spoil me please!
  12. @annmunireach1917: I think i get it now
  13. @SweetCandyTime: Good luck everyone 💪🏽
  14. @sweet-family-drama: Nice
  15. @rocketwadster4535: Us small creators need all the help we can get! If a subs video shows up, watch it (even if you have to put it in the background without sound on). If a meager 10% of your subs watched your videos, you would probably have your watchhours within a few months.
  16. @BrainYappp: Hi Guys:> I am small creator
  17. @Ralphyunfiltered: Let’s do it
  18. @simbassquad7350: Small creator here trying to share my cats' lives. This video is really good and I hope others in the comments can show us some love too ❤❤❤❤
  19. @SenselessYogi: Excatlly,..my last video seening good response after this trick
  20. @thecostiq: Let’s go new YouTuber, we will make it 😎💪 #nevergiveup

- How To Fix Low Views On YouTube (RESET YOUR ALGORITHM): Kind: captions Language: en In about 6 days, this YouTube channel right here got 67,000 views and it paid me over $500 in ad revenue. Now, I'm aware that these numbers are not impressive, but what is impressive is the fact that this YouTube channel used to be completely dead. I mean, the last upload on this YouTube channel was on the 9th of June. That was 72 days ago. And after just posting five videos, it's completely blowing up. And so did this YouTube channel that with just four uploads, it got 281,000 views. and it paid me $1,250. Again, nothing impressive, but the point I'm trying to make is that I think I figured out how to revive a dead YouTube channel. So, for those of you that are struggling to get views, you think you're shadowbanned, this video might help you. But keep in mind that the information you're going to hear in this video is not confirmed. This is just what I do, right? Everyone else could say, "Oh, this doesn't work. Oh, it's just a theory. It was just luck." Listen, what I'm about to show you right now is what I've been doing for the last year, and it's gotten results. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Romero. I've been doing YouTube automation since 2018. I've made way over $1.8 million with my faceless YouTube channels. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to get unshadowbanned or how to revive a YouTube channel or how to get out of a 100red view jail, whatever you want to call it. Now, before I go into the video and start showing you the strategies, we need to know exactly what a dead YouTube channel looks like, right? You could just be posting dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] videos, which is why you get low views, right? So, I I don't know, but I'm going to tell you exactly how to find out. So, this is what we're going to do. Go to the top right profile picture of your YouTube channel. Go to YouTube Studio. Go to analytics on the far left. And then from here, click on content. Now, I don't care how many views you've gotten, what your click-through rate is, or what your AVD is. What we care about here is the impressions. Now, depending on how many videos you've posted, I have no idea. We can kind of eye this. If you don't post that much, but you've been doing this longer, you can switch this to the last 90 days. So, here's the rule of thumb. It's very noticeable when your channel is shadowbanned. Now, for those of you that don't know what shadowban means, shadowban is when YouTube just doesn't recommend your videos. For some reason, YouTube just doesn't like your channel. It's not going to recommend it anywhere on YouTube, and it's going to be nearly impossible for you to get views. But anyways, if you've posted 15 videos in the last 30 days and you haven't gotten more than 100,000 impressions, again, you're going to find that right here. It's very likely that your channel is absolutely cooked. Same thing goes for those of you that posted in the last 90 days, right? The the amount of uploads doesn't necessarily matter. What matters is how long the channel has been going. So, in the last 90 days, I don't care how many videos you've posted, if you have not gotten more than 100,000 impressions, that channel's most likely cucked. Now, what would be considered really, really bad impressions, anything under 10K. Now, if you don't know what impressions are, impressions are pretty much when YouTube shows your video to people. For example, if I'm scrolling on YouTube and I see a video on the right side of my recommended, that's an impression. I gave that video an impression. If I'm scrolling on my YouTube homepage, all of those videos I see, as I scroll, I'm giving them impressions. But, okay, let's say your channel's shadowbanned, you're not getting any impressions. Here's how we're going to fix it. Number one, ask someone to create an email for you. Or if you have another device, create an email on there, right? It doesn't matter what it is. It can be on a phone, it can be on a laptop, doesn't matter. Once that email is created, you're going to go back to your YouTube Studio. You're going to go to settings here on the bottom left. Then, you're going to go to permissions. On the top right, you're going to see an option that says invite. You're going to go ahead and click on that. You're going to change access to manager and then you're going to type in the email. Then you're going to click on done and save. After that is done, you're going to go on that new email and you're going to accept the invitation. Once that is done, you're going to see it appear here. Now, this is going to invite that YouTube channel to become a manager. That means that they can upload, they can change things, they just can't physically get paid or delete the channel, but it can almost do everything that an owner can. Here's the part that sucks. Once you do this, you need to wait 7 days. Now, after 7 days, you will be able to change the role of that new email. So, instead of editor, you're going to see an option here that says primary owner. You're going to click on that. Then, you're going to click on save. And that new email is going to become the primary owner of your YouTube channel. By the way, at this point, you don't want to be posting. Stop all posting. I know it sucks, but you have to. Once that is done, you're going to go on that new email. You're going to go back to permissions and you're going to remove access to that first email you started with and you're never going to log in again. And yes, I mean you can you can leave that old email there as a manager if you want. I've just never done it. Every single time that I've done this strategy, I've always removed it and it's worked every single time. So after those seven days are up, you are now primary owner of that new channel with a different email. You wait, you wait another 7 days. You give the channel a break to reset. So what do you do from here? Waiting two to three weeks without uploading kind of sucks and it sounds counterproductive, but put videos in production. Start creating videos. Whatever it is that you do, stockpile them because we're going to give this channel one more chance. Meaning that you need to prepare 20 videos. Because once you do all of this, right, and you wait all of this time, you create the content, you start posting it on the channel. If you don't see a spike of impressions or views with those 20 videos, the channel is cooked and you never touch this again. Matter of fact, probably log out of it. And from here, you create a new email and you start again. But 20 videos is all it takes. But yeah, I mean, wait as long as you can. I waited 72 days on this channel, switched absolutely everything with the primary owner, and it seems like it worked. I mean, this was super fast. These were the views of the videos I was posting previously. I wasn't even breaking 100 views, which is crazy. The second I posted that new video, I got 270 views. The next one got 2,000, and then it jumped up to 80,000 views. But again, this is only what's been working for me. Now, moving on, because there's a few more things to this, and you could take this as just advice. When you're preparing the next 20 videos, you need to micro niche, right? You need to go even deeper into the niche that you're in. For example, this YouTube channel originally posted about dogs. On August 12th, when I started posting again, I was still posting about dogs, but it was about pit bulls. Strictly about pitles, nothing else. You understand what I'm saying? So, instead of doing, oh, Chihuahua, St. Bernards, you know, golden retrievers, German shepherds, pit bulls. I chose one and I made 20 videos about it. Do you understand what I'm saying? When you're first starting off, you need to niche down as much as possible. You cannot be going too broad. Yes, your competitors are probably doing it. They're probably getting a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of views, but you're not your competitors, and they're not just starting off. You need to have a strategy of what it is that you're going to upload. And that sounds very broad. I'm not saying like the wording or anything. I'm just saying the topic. If you have a YouTube channel about cars where you talk about the top 10 cars to buy, focus only on SUVs. For the next 20 videos, only talk about the most luxurious SUVs to buy, the fastest SUVs to buy under 50K, best SUVs that are coming in 2026. You understand what I'm saying? This is just off the dome, by the way. I I feel like those titles cooked. That's my best advice to you, and that might be the thing that's holding you back from from success on YouTube. And the last thing, make longer videos. If you're making five to six minute long videos, it's not going to work. Very rare. I I mean, in my school community, and this is where I teach people how to do YouTube automation, I've had thousands of students. I've never seen one of them succeed with a with a video under 8 minutes. And I know what you're probably thinking. How How am I supposed to make a video longer than 6 minutes? Dude, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Chad GBT. What do you mean? I promise you, there's a million things you can add to it. And longer videos just perform better overall. Not only do you get a higher RPM, you get a higher average view duration, you get watchtime hours faster, and it's less of a competition because YouTube in a sense is looking for YouTube videos to promote for people on TV, right? That's kind of like YouTube's plan. They're already competing with Tik Tok low-key. I guess I guess views-wise, I believe they beat Tik Tok last year for YouTube shorts, which is crazy. Now, they're going for TV. The longer your videos are, and I'm talking between 15 to 25 minutes, maybe even 30, and obviously anything over that, is going to be recommended to people that watch YouTube on TV. And the people who do watch YouTube on TV most likely walk away, leave it playing in the background. So, that's something you should consider. But anyways, for those of you that want to take YouTube serious and you want to make this a job like I did, you can go ahead and click the link in the description of this video or in the pen comment, and that's going to take you to my school community. This is where I have 70 plus videos where I go in extreme detail on how to start faceless YouTube channels. I provide you a list of niches, pre-done thumbnail PGs. I also go live two times every single week, and this is where I speak with you directly, answer any questions, review your channels. Uh, matter of fact, I go live in an hour. Right now, it's 2 a.m. for me, but I have a lot of members from different time zones, so I got to grind it out. This is what I do for my community, man. But yeah, I mean, you get the point. You can check it out if you want. If you don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll appreciate a like and subscribe. We'll both go about our days. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Romayroh [61 likes]: Join My Private Community: https://www.skool.com/views-for-income-7713/about
  2. @Milowvc [7 likes]: Thank you for sharing 🎉🎉🎉🎉Im not giving up on my channel 👍Eye of the Tiger 🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯🐯
  3. @CineMood16 [1 likes]: Very helpful hope youtube start giving me views too soon.
  4. @Zehlrik [1 likes]: To all the new YouTube channels out there keep pushing we will get there 💪💗
  5. @sombr_space_GG: Need to revive my channel not giving up!
  6. @moral1000stories: Hi Thank you so much the video is realy valuable and understandable, I am planning to make the video more than 8 minutes
  7. @MAGIcTRAILTOONS-s2s: My channel is not
  8. @WildScience-YT: Your dream need to scare you .we are making it
  9. @EdenKoz: I waited 8 days and not seeing "owner" either as an option for the new email. I read older comments and didn't see this. Maybe you have to wait longer now? Any other advice? I will see if he has new videos... dang, I am ready!!!
  10. @SkeetSkeetProductions: i wish everyone luck guys Thanks For the info
  11. @EdenKozlowski: Questions if anyone can help. I had a friend create the new email address yet is it ok to open it on my computer... does that mess with IP address? Does it then look like I created it? Also, I have 2 videos that I have uploaded to YouTube yet they are not live. I am assuming I can delete these and make them part of my 20. Also, these are all supposed to be "new" videos; I have 4 years of content! With old stuff I need to redo titles and artwork SO will these be seen as "new" especially if I delete and reconfigure them (as well as change the title of the videi when I download). It is really good content.
  12. @serieslovers11: My chennal also this  issues but hope on😢😢😢
  13. @oddlyA.S.M.R: Do u mean viewer limited by the word primary owner because I cannot see any option like that
  14. @favourchijioke8689: Must it be a new email
  15. @prm4uofficial: The point about your first 30 seconds basically deciding whether the algorithm gives you a chance is something most people overlook when they're panicking about low views — they tweak tags and titles but never rewatch their own hook critically. One thing I'd add: beyond resetting your approach, tracking how many likes, shares, and saves each video gets (not just views) is a better signal of whether the algorithm actually sees your content as satisfying to viewers. Have you noticed a difference in how videos perform when you optimize specifically for those engagement actions versus just watch time?
  16. @gregorychiasson7739: You lose me quickly with these numbers are not that impressive because they actually are to the vast majority of creators…
  17. @Vinshayden: Can anyone confirm this works
  18. @thevictoriouslife-n8g: I'm 3+years on YouTube and have not reached 1k subs , I decided to make new YouTube channel and start over again, don't give up ! Best wishes to all Small channel out there , let's go !
  19. @NeroeDB: Solo so low
  20. @GodMessengerTruth: I started with shorts and got lots of sub…. Then stopped and focused on long video but I’m getting lower views and I don’t know what I do wrong

- 19 Things I Wish I Knew When I Started TikTok: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of people believe that you have to get lucky in order to be successful on Tik Tok. That the algorithm is just randomly picking people to go viral. And there's nothing that you can do as a creator to be successful. And if I'm honest, I used to think that, too. I was creating videos that were stuck at 200 views. And I knew the content was good. I knew it helped my clients and it was going to help my viewers. And I was so frustrated that the algorithm wasn't picking up my content. So, I did what most people do. I listened to the gurus. I created a bunch of new accounts hoping one of them would magically go off. And what I eventually realized was that I wasn't failing because the algorithm wasn't picking me to go viral. It was because there were things about Tik Tok that I didn't understand yet. And now that I've figured them out, I'm going to break them all down for you. Today, I'm going through what I believe are the most important things for you to be able to grow on Tik Tok, even if you are a complete beginner. And this video is packed. So, grab a notebook. Don't be afraid to pause the video. Let's get into it. Number one, you have to post every day. This is number one because one, it is the message I needed for myself today, but it's also the most important thing that you can do. Posting every day builds momentum. It allows you to learn and fail forward fast. It proves that you are a consistent creator and will make you more successful on Tik Tok. Look, I didn't want to record this video today. I deal with this too, but I sat down and I recorded. I made the video because I have made a commitment to grow on this platform and to show up for you guys on YouTube. And it's the same thing on Tik Tok. If you want to grow on Tik Tok, you have to post every day. You have to have that consistency. Post at least once. It only takes a couple of minutes. It's very easy to do. Number two, consistency doesn't just mean posting every day. It also means consistency of what you are posting. Consistently posting about the same topic. People freak out about the idea of niching down. But the reality is if you are posting about one theme or one set of related topics that are speaking to a specific individual and what they are interested in, you are going to be wildly more successful. One, because the people that follow you and the people that see your videos are going to keep coming back for more because they know that they can always come to you for that hit of whatever the juices that you bring, whatever the information, the education is that you bring. They can depend on you for it. But beyond that, it helps the algorithm figure out what you are about, who to show your videos to, and you are going to reap the rewards in the way of views and virality. Number three, you have to do the research. I feel like I've been saying this a lot in videos lately where people comment and they're like, "Mike, I'm implementing everything in your videos and it's not working. I'm still stuck at 200 views." And then I grab my phone, I go, and I look at their profile and they're not doing what I teach. They're not doing it. It's very clear that they're not researching. They're posting whatever the heck they want. And so what I want for you is to adopt the mindset of YouTube creators on Tik Tok. On YouTube, the culture is that we go research and see what's working so we can grow as quickly as possible because we all know when we sit down to grow on YouTube that it's going to take time. And maybe it's the fact that you can be an overnight success on Tik Tok that makes us feel like we don't have to research. We just have to post and we'll magically go viral. But like those days are gone. You can still go viral, but you have to be strategic. So, just like on Tik Tok where we research what our competitors are doing and what worked for them, the best titles, the best thumbnails, we look up the keywords and we see what are the ones that have a lot of search volume and have low competition. We need to be doing that research on Tik Tok as well. But the research on Tik Tok is so much easier because all you need to do is look at the other creators in your space that do talk about the same things that you do. Follow them. look at their videos in the feed and check their profile every couple of days and see what are the outlier videos. What are the videos that are getting a ton of views for them compared to the normal amount of views they get. Then pay attention to what those videos are about, how long they are, all of that kind of stuff, but especially those topics and hooks that they use. And then go make your version. It's not that difficult. You also want to be researching the trends because if you jump on a trend, it's going to give you a little extra boost and make it more likely for you to go viral. And if you go viral, you're getting followers, you are getting leads, you are getting sales. It's very helpful. So, if you want to learn more about how to like research and find the trends, I have another video on that. You can check it out here. Number four, you need to post more. Posting more means you grow faster. You might see people saying, "Hey, you need to post three to five times a day." You really don't need to do that. I only posted one time a day to go from zero to 10,000 followers, and I did that in under 60 days. And I've helped a lot of my other clients do that as well. But it is a fact that when I started posting more, when I started posting two, three times a day, I started to grow faster because I was giving myself more shots, more opportunities to get that viral video. And most importantly, I was putting more out there to find out whether the video or the hook or the idea worked or didn't work. And I was able to focus on what was working and use that data to learn and improve faster, which allowed me to make better videos, go viral more often, and grow even more quickly. As soon as you can get to where you post consistently every single day, start posting more often. But there's two caveats to this. Number one, do not sacrifice your research to post more. It's not worth posting three to five times per day if you're sacrificing your research and making sure that you're finding what is working in your niche and creating videos around that. I would much rather you only post one, two, three times per day and do the research. Number two, there is a limit to this. If you start posting five, six, seven, nine times a day, it might work for a little bit, but one day you're going to post that seventh video and you're going to get zero views because the algorithm is going to think that you're a spammer and they are going to punish you for it. Number five, you need to take imperfect action. And I'm about to go through a couple of things that don't matter, that you're stressing about so you don't have to worry about them anymore and you can take that action. But it's really important that you just make and post videos and that you don't worry about the numbers that are there. If you have a video that gets no views or gets low views, who cares? Go on to the next one. Don't delete it. Just keep making videos. Keep doing the research. Keep trying things. Then, this is the next point. Focus on your winners. You will learn so much more from your videos that are successful than the ones that didn't work. Don't worry about the ones that didn't work. Who cares? Move on. Once you have a winner, do more of that. Keep making videos on that topic because clearly it's working for you. Make more videos in that length using that format. do more of the stuff that works and you're going to grow fast. Now, let's knock out two things that you're overthinking that are slowing you down and preventing you from taking imperfect action. First, when should you post? The answer is it doesn't matter. Posting times do not matter. I don't care what you're hearing other people say about needing to post at specific times. I can tell you from what I've done and from the clients that I've worked with that it has zero impact. There's a lot of things that are more important than posting time, which I'm going to get into in a second. The second one is hashtags. Hashtags will not make you go viral. I'm going to explain to you in a little bit how to use hashtags because they can help you slightly, but you shouldn't be stressing about this. Just don't use the FP hashtag. Use hashtags related to what your video is about. And don't overthink it because the most important thing when it comes to successful videos are good ideas. Let's talk about the three most important things when you're creating a YouTube video. The first one is the idea. Because if you don't have a good idea, nobody's going to watch the video. The second thing is the title and the thumbnail because that's what gets somebody to click on the video. And if your idea combined with your title and thumbnail can't even get somebody to click on the video, then YouTube will stop giving you impressions and you won't get the views. And then finally, the first 30 seconds of a YouTube video are essential. And you see that in the analytics curves where it like starts up top and a lot of times, especially in educational content, you'll lose like 50% of your audience in the first 30 seconds. So the better that you're able to hook them and keep their attention in the first 30 seconds, the more people are going to stay and watch more of the video. And that watch time leads to the big views on YouTube. Now, all of these things are true of Tik Tok as well. If you don't have a good idea, your video will not succeed on Tik Tok. People have to be interested in what you're talking about cuz if they're not interested, they are just going to swipe on past and then your video is going to die. The difference on Tik Tok is that we don't have a title or thumbnail to grab their attention. Instead, they're just scrolling through their feed. Your video pops up and you have to get them to stop scrolling. And one of the easiest ways to do that is with what you're putting on the screen. And so I really like to use a big text headline over my head that has something that's going to make them go, "Huh, I want to check this out and listen a little bit." So that way you can earn the first 3 seconds of the video. This is the equivalent of the first 30 seconds on YouTube. This is where you have to hook them. You literally have about 3 seconds where the words that you say have to get them interested so they will continue watching your video, whether it's an 8-second video, a 30-se secondond video, or a minute plus video. But it all starts with a good idea. So, you need to make sure you're doing that research and getting great ideas for your video based on what's already proven instead of just trying to make stuff up and hope it works. Now, the reason I talked about that headline and the first 3 seconds is because watch time is what matters most to getting views on TikTok. And it's not just how long they watch the video, it's the percentage of the video that they watched. And so, if you have a 5 to 8 second video and they watch 100% of it, there's a good chance that that video is going to go viral. But if you have a one minute video and they only watch 40%, even though that's like 24 seconds of watch time, they're not sticking around for that video. You're not keeping them there with the video you provided. So since that watch time percentage is so much lower, that video is probably going to die off. So creating shorter videos is actually going to allow you to get a higher percentage of watch time and make it easier for you to go viral and grow in the beginning. Now, I'm going to talk about the two types of content that you need to be successful later in the video, but for now, just realize like go with the shorter video when you're doing your research because it's going to be easier when you're starting out. Now, I already mentioned using the headline to stop the scroll, but there's other ways you can stop the scroll as well. And the biggest one is the hook, which is just the statement that you make, the first thing that you say in the video. You want them to be clear, this video is for me, and you want to get their interest. You want to make them curious. Curiosity is one of the best things that you can do. So, if I was creating a video on Tik Tok about like how to grow and get views, I might start with something like why you're not getting views on Tik Tok or here's why you're only getting 200 views every time you post on Tik Tok. If you're not getting views on Tik Tok, you're probably making one of these five mistakes. You hear that and you're like, there's curiosity. Like, I have that problem. What What is the reason why? I want to know and now you're going to stick around and I've got my chance to hold you with the rest of the content and deliver the valuable goods. Another thing that you should do is use the auto captions feature on Tik Tok because a lot of times people are watching these videos while they're just sitting on the couch scrolling. Maybe they're at the doctor's office for one of their kids or maybe their wife is watching the Bachelorette. Not that this ever happens to me, but I don't care about The Bachelorette. So, I can sit there and sip my bourbon and scroll through TikTok and research my new ideas. And if somebody has captions on their videos, it's a lot easier for me to consume it than to have the sound playing because she's going to be like, "Turn that off. I don't want to hear that." I'm trying to figure out who wins the, you know, golden bachelor old man sweep stakes. The next thing I want you to know is that Tik Tok is black and white. If your videos are good, you will get views. If your videos are bad, you will not get views because every single person on the platform gets 200 to 300 views for absolute free. That way, the algorithm can test the performance of your video and decide whether to push it on to other people. So the most powerful thing that you can do to be successful on this platform is to take responsibility for how you're doing. Because if you aren't getting the views, it means that you have room to improve. So if you want to be successful, if you want to grow a business, if you want to grow your views, then you need to look at it not like, why is this happening to me? But instead saying like, huh, that wasn't working. I need to figure out how to make it work. How can I improve my content? how can I go do the research to figure out what people actually want to see so I can start to use that to grow my account? Because the substance of what you're talking about might be very good and very valuable, but you might just have it packaged wrong. Now, moving on, there are actually a couple of settings inside of your account that I want to make sure that you have set up correctly because they can potentially have a big impact on your ability to grow. So, if you go to your profile, uh the first thing that you're going to do is you're going to go to the top right to your menu. You're going to go to settings and privacy and you're going to go to account. And here you want it to say switch to business account because that means you have a creator account. And that is actually what we want to have. It's really important. It is much easier to grow with creator accounts because creator accounts get to use the commercial sounds. And all of the trends on Tik Tok use commercial sounds. So, if you have a business account, you can have a link in your profile right away, but you can't use commercial sounds, which means it's harder to grow because, like I mentioned earlier, trends give you a little push. They give you a little boost and make it easier to go viral by riding that wave. But when you have a creator account, even though you won't get that link in bio until you get to a,000 followers, you are going to be able to use these trending sounds and it's a huge advantage. So, that's the first thing I want you to do is I want you to make sure that you have a creator account. It will help you so much. Next. Um, I shouldn't let that. Go back into settings and you are going to go down to privacy and you're going to see suggest your account to others. You're going to click on that and I want everything to be turned off. And I just want you to think about this like when you're creating most of your friends, your family, your people that you're connected with on Facebook or inside of your contacts. They're not your ideal viewer or your ideal customer. So, we don't want our content being suggested to them. We want the algorithm to suggest it to the strangers that have the interest in the type of content that we're creating. And so we're going to turn all of that off to make sure that the algorithm has to figure out who to show it to. And that way we don't have somebody like our great aunt Tessy or whatever that ends up watching our video and then she bounces off. She doesn't actually watch it. She watches 5 seconds and it hurts your statistics and then you're not able to get more views. So these settings are important because they're going to help the algorithm work for you and help you get better results. But there's also some things that you can do to help make the algorithm work harder for you. and that is you want to take advantage of every tool that you can to make sure that the algorithm understands like what your content is about and who it is for. And there's a lot of different ways that you're going to be able to do that. The first one we already talked about. You need to be talking about the same topics over and over and over. That way they know what you're about and who to show it to. But there's other things that you can do too. And it really comes down to three big ones. The first one is that you can use the auto captions and the text on your screen to have those, you know, rich keywords that talk about, you know, what the video is about. So, if you're talking about a topic and you hit auto captions, you're already talking about those things. And that will help signal to the algorithm, what is the video about. The next thing you can do is you can use your hashtags. I told you we were going to come back to this. Your hashtags should be about that specific video. I usually recommend that you have one like cornerstone hashtag. It's the umbrella topic that every single one of your videos is about and that can apply to every video you post. And you're going to use that every time you post. But for the rest of the hashtags, you just want to make sure that you're using three to four more of them that are specific to that video. Signal what that video is about. And as long as it's on your core topic, then it's going to do well. Don't try to do like the biggest hashtags or like the most ones you think are most viral. Use those hashtags to signal what the video is about so the algorithm can show it to the right person. that is going to help you take advantage of that initial sample group of 20 people and get better results and go have like a higher chance of going viral. And then finally, don't waste the description. So many people barely put any thought into the description on their videos, like the little text that you're adding at the bottom. Most people aren't going to read that, but that's your opportunity to use a lot of keywordrich text to help show this is what the video is about. And you don't want to keyword stuff. strategically use the keywords that your topic is about in natural language. And you can do this with AI tools if you're into that kind of thing. But it's so easy to like talk about. In this video, we're going to talk about why you're uh stuck in 200 view jail and things that you need to do in order to grow on YouTube and start getting not YouTube to grow on TikTok and start getting more views every single time you post. Right? I just gave a bunch of information about what the thing is about. So, take advantage of those things. Next, you should be creating two types of content because not every single piece of content is meant to go viral. And I like to split things into our growth content that is going to go, you know, hit it big on the for you page, make a bunch of different people discover you for the first time, and then I want to have my trust building content. This is the content that converts, that gets sales, that builds that relationship, that gets people to stay, right? And so the growth content, this is the stuff that grows your account, goes viral. Whereas the trustbuilding content, which is usually that talking head educational video, me explaining to you what you need to do so you can be successful. Like that type of content generally isn't going to get the big views. It's incremental. Those things will grow over time as you build your audience and you start to get a better idea of the topics that work in the winners from your research and you know analyzing what's worked on your account. But at first they are going to get low views even if your other views are getting going viral. So we want to separate it into the two things. And I would focus mostly on the growth content. Do the research, find the outlier content, focus on, you know, the short videos with the trending sounds and the text on screen because those are going to help you grow the most. And for every two to three of those that you create, do a nice educational video that has a good proven hook that's been successful for someone else in your space already, but don't watch their video. Just take the first three seconds, the hook, the idea, the the headline on their video, and then do your version of it and give that super valuable information. And don't worry about the videos. Like those will grow eventually, but what it's for right now is so when someone discovers you, they can then watch that video and really get to know you, really get that value, and that's what leads them to follow and to click the link in your bio and eventually to join your email list and buy your stuff. So short to grow, long to sell. Final tips for you, and these are super important ones. First, create what you want to create and feels good, but make sure you're only creating things that your audience actually wants to see. So, I had another video planned for today, and I'm telling you, it was going to be a banger. When I went to my editor, Hudson, he knows my name. HE KNOWS MY NAME, who's doing this video right now, and I showed him all the ideas I had. He saw this one. He was like, "You have to do that. It's going to be so good, and it's coming." But I couldn't do it today. I sat down. I was like, "I'm not in the mental space for this. I can't do it." I didn't want to post. And so I allowed myself to flow to the topic that I felt I could do, but I was still making a video that was for my audience, that was for y'all in the problems you have and the things that you're trying to learn and you're trying to the problems you're trying to solve. So I wasn't just posting whatever the heck I want. Like I see a lot of you doing. I still posted the things that everybody's asking about in the comments and that I'm finding in my research. I just allowed myself to create the video that felt good to me today that I knew I could get done. And that's true on Tik Tok as well. But even with that, there's going to be times where you're struggling to create. You're struggling to come up with ideas. Even with the research, you don't really feel motivated. And this next piece of advice is kind of counter to the culture and what people normally say. And that's you need to consume in order to create. So I really look at my creation and consumption as like this fuel tank. And I've done this before, but we'll have this is my battery. And so when you create, you're draining your battery. And eventually you get to a point where you struggle to find ideas. as you struggle to find inspiration and consumption is how you recharge your battery and you fill it back up and get ideas. And so if you are doing a good job of consuming things in your space or even related topics like for me I'm talking about how to grow on social media but if I'm watching other business related topics to help myself they I'm going to make these connections in my mind and so something they say might trigger an idea for me. That's how I had this idea today. And so you want to make sure you're not consuming too much because if all you're doing is consuming and you're not taking action, you're never going to get anywhere. You want to be first a creator, not a consumer of content. But if you're stuck, refill the tank. Start watching other videos on Tik Tok. And as you do that, your brain will start to go and I guarantee you'll find an idea. Now, these are all the lessons that I wish I had known when I first started on Tik Tok. But in this list, I don't actually go through the strategic step-by-step plan that I would be following to grow on Tik Tok today. So, if you're starting on Tik Tok or you're just not happy with how quickly you're growing, you might want to check out this video where I show you exactly step by step how to grow an account on Tik Tok from scratch as quickly as possible. And in that video, I even pull out my phone. I show you exactly how to set up your account, how to research your content ideas, and walk you through step by step to creating your first Tik Tok video so that way it has the highest chance of going viral and getting great views.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeYanda [31 likes]: 👉 Want my plug-and-play funnel that turns views into paying clients — automatically? Click here to get it (and my bonus training) 100% FREE: https://www.gohighlevel.com/myanda?fp_ref=ddh44
  2. @markfrancis905 [1 likes]: Me watching a YouTube video on how to be successful on TikTok is so boomer coded
  3. @jerinmomtaj3173: I love to work on ipweb on my spare time
  4. @UTer-o5o: This content is really impressive .The quality and effort clearly shows heare
  5. @tr1pl388: With Socautoposter, my content now goes live at the exact same time on all channels without delays or mismatches.
  6. @AbdulKuddus-ni2rx: Wow nice video it's very interesting video 🎉❤🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤
  7. @IsmailMuhmmad-q5c: It's very nice vadio and very informative vadio ❤ I really like this one thanks for sharing this amazing vadio and thanks for ip web site is very nice evening website
  8. @cuteegiralct: Ipweb best promotion web I love this post so much, it had my full attention from the beginning to the very end! You have an amazing talent for making things feel warm, fun, and full of life ❤️🌟👍💯🔥💫✨🎉💖🌹
  9. @lock-h2q: This hit hard 👏 Most creators learn these lessons the difficult way, so seeing them explained clearly is really valuable. Definitely saving this for later! 🚀
@IPweb
  10. @ManSplained-330: I had a personal page posting random stuff. Only 200 followers. But now I have a niche and purpose. Should I start a brand new page?
  11. @karemstar3155: nice Good Friday 🔥🔥
  12. @RiyaAkter-y7u: Tried ipweb for tiktok promotion and saw impressive engagement growth, better reach, and faster audience development online.
  13. @aleesha141: This is absolutely amazing. I learned a lot about this l. And @ipweb is the best platform
  14. @امملكمحمد-ف3ن: نتين
Thanks for the tips Mike. These are very helpful. Your videos have helped me get to 11k  followers in a couple of months. Content is excellen
  15. @zebediahcertain9912: I shaved my head for diamond gun on live just a few weeks ago lol, Im currently doing a challenge that if someone gifts me a interstellar during my lives I'll be getting a tattoo of the gifters name on my right leg
  16. @IpsitaChakraborty-freelancer: People say that this is really an useful app to share videos. Although I don't want to go into a debate, the video here shares a way to make use of it to impact marketing.
ipweb
  17. @RashidRashid-f5o: “Found this video through IPweb, and the tips were actually clear and helpful for beginners 👍”
  18. @tansinmridha3954: Ipweb
I will follow your instruction ❤️
All the 19 things i will try when making a tiktok 🥰
  19. @lili653-y2q: I’ve been using IPweb to grow my followers, and the results are actually impressive. Fast tasks, stable growth, and easy to use.
  20. @Borshaislam23: Finally someone who's tells the truth! Thank you for the information I am watching this because of ip web app

- THE TIKTOK ALGORITHM EXPLAINED | Your 2026 Guide To TikTok Success!: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only video you'll ever need to watch when it comes to the Tik Tok algorithm. Because when you can understand the core operating system of how the algorithm actually works, it doesn't matter how many times the algorithm changes, you'll always be able to work with it instead of against it. In this video, we're going to break down how Tik Tok's algorithm works, specifically the for you page and Tik Tok search, what you can do to apply that knowledge as a creator who is trying to grow and reach more people, and what to do if you think you're shadowbanned. Whenever I make an algorithm video like this one, I only ever pull from the source themselves. So, everything I'm teaching today is from what Tik Tok themselves have said. With that said, timestamps and resources will be linked below. Let's jump in. What is the algorithm? First things first, there are hundreds and thousands of algorithms operating at one time to give you the user the best experience across the entire app. The foundations of Tik Tok's algorithm is powered by recommendation systems. These recommendation systems are designed to deliver content to each user that is likely to keep them on the app for longer and create a more personalized experience for each user. That's why everyone's for you page is so different and even sometimes your search results could vary per user. Let's start with how does the for you page recommendation system work. The for you page is part of what enables connection and discovery. Discovery being the key word here because this is where Tik Tok mostly shows you content from accounts that you don't follow. The simple way the algorithm works here is in two steps. Step one, Tik Tok studies what a user is interested in. And step two, Tik Tok shows that user videos within their interests that they think they will likely engage with. How does that actually work? How does Tik Tok study what each user is interested in? There are three main ways. The first, when someone creates a Tik Tok account, they're asked what they're interested in and what they're looking to discover. This alone sets the parameter of what their for you page will start to look like. Second, a user's device and account settings like language preferences, country settings, location, time zone, and even your device type or settings. These factors are included to make sure the systems optimize for best performance for your specific device and even potentially show you content that's relevant to you in your generalized location or country. No, this does not mean that you will only ever see content in your city because Tik Tok themselves has said that these factors number two receive the lowest weight in the recommendation system out of everything else that they look at. Then the third way that they study what each user is interested in is by studying your interactions and non-actions within the app like watching, liking, commenting, etc. Now, this one is the one that's most important because it is the most current data that Tik Tok has to analyze every single day that you open their app. Any sort of action or inaction that you make on their app is what Tik Tok refers to as interest signals. Here are just some of the interest signals that Tik Tok pays attention to. Whether a user watches a video or skips a video, if they did watch, how long did they watch for? Are you liking, commenting, saving, or sharing a piece of content, which accounts do you follow, which accounts have you followed most recently? And even the content you create. Yes, the content that you create affects what you see on your for you page. So once Tik Tok studies all of your interest signals and they have an understanding of what a user is interested in, they will then move on to step two, which is choosing videos to push to your for you page. How do they choose which videos to push? Videos on the for you page are ranked by matching user interests to a video's information, which I feel like is pretty self-explanatory, right? You're going to match somebody's interests to the topic of a video or video's information. Now, what sort of video information does the algorithm look at? What information about a video are they studying? The algorithm will pay attention to a video's captions, text on screen, sound, hashtags, effects, trending topics, number of views, and country or city it is posted in. Tik Tok studies all of that info and then tries its best to match your interests with relevant videos that they think you'll also engage with. So, if I'm a user and I skip past a bunch of makeup get ready with me videos, but I spend time watching and engaging with dessert content, it's probably safe to assume I want to see more desserts and recipes on my for you page. So, Tik Tok will go out and find a variety of dessert videos to show me. They'll seek out videos that have dessert mentioned in the caption with dessert on the text on screen showing a dessert in the frame. And because they're trying to show me content that they think I will engage with, they'll likely show me videos that are performing well, videos that have a high engagement rate already or a longer retention rate, things like that. Before we break down how you can use this understanding of the algorithm to your advantage as a creator and how to apply it for growth, let's first talk about how search recommendation system works because they're going to overlap in a second. We see the Tik Tok search feature come up in two main ways. One, search, where you actually go to search for content on Tik Tok. And two, in recommended search terms throughout the app. This could be in search results under others searched for or even on your for you page while you're discovering content and scrolling. You'll see this under the video on your feed where they just like suggest a search or like in comments they'll suggest a specific search phrase. So they'll prompt you to search for different things. What we are most interested in as a creator is understanding when you are searching for something, how is Tik Tok choosing which videos to show us in those results. Here are some examples of information that may influence the videos that are appearing in search. Relevance and content information. Basically, how well does the content match your search inquiry based on things like the video's caption, text, hashtags, and maybe even the sound that's used? Engagement. How well is a video engaging with other users? User interactions. Tik Tok will also look at your past search behavior and the content that you like, share, comment on, or watch to determine which videos to pull up for you. Say you've recently watched a video on clean eating and then you saved it and a week later you search for clean eating. That video might appear. Or if you follow a specific creator and you search for something and they have a video on that topic, their videos might appear. Or even content from a similar content creator, their videos might appear. Different things like that. And finally, user information like your device settings, language, preferences, location. Of these four factors, Tik Tok has said for most users, content information, how well the video content itself matches the specific search term, is generally weighed more heavily than the other factors. Now, with all that said, we know what Tik Tok pays attention to the most. So, how can you use this knowledge to your advantage when you start creating content? You need to think like the algorithm. What you need to do is become a mastermind of who it is you want to reach. Think about your target audience. What videos are they engaging with? What topics do they want to see on their for you page? What videos do they skip? What are they searching for in search? And try to create that content. This is why so many coaches give the advice of like, know your target audience. If you have a clear picture of who you want to create content for, how you could help them, encourage them, entertain them, you're already one step closer to working with the algorithm because that's also what the algorithm is studying. When you start to think this way, like the algorithm, you can literally predict what sort of content will be the most relevant to your audience. Therefore, predict which videos will likely perform the best for you. Let's apply this practically, shall we? How can you work with the algorithm to show up in search results? Think about your target audience. What do you think they're searching for on TikTok right now? Let's say it's lowlight house plants. You're a plant content creator and you know a common question that you get asked is like, "I kill plants a lot. My apartment has no natural lighting. What sort of plants could I have in my dorm?" You know, like what sort of plants can I keep in a low light environment? So, what you're going to do, you're going to search that phrase on TikTok. See what videos are performing well within that search and take note of that general style. Then you're going to make your own video talking about lowlight house plants using what you're kind of seeing as a common factor with popular Tik Tok videos. Make sure Tik Tok knows that you're targeting that search phrase by using the phrase lowlight house plants when talking in your caption in the pop-up text in the hashtags. The more you make it clear to the algorithm what you're targeting, the easier it is for them to push it out to the right people. Now, how can you work with the algorithm to show up on the for you page? This one's a little trickier. We're going to still think about our audience again the same way the algorithm would. Remember, the algorithm's number one priority is studying what a user is interested in. So ask yourself, what type of content would my audience be interested in seeing on their for you page? This one's harder because there's like a wider scope here. We know from Tik Tok it could be a specific topic that they want to see or even like a specific style of videos that they like. Clean with me, get ready with me, story times, or maybe there's a trend in your niche or a trending sound that they just think is hilarious and they're constantly engaging with. Think of all those things and just pick one aspect. Whatever that one aspect is, you're going to study how other creators are applying it in a way that keeps their videos high engaging. After studying those creators, you're going to then again apply what you've learned to your own video. When you post it, post with as much information as possible so the algorithm knows your video is relevant utilizing captions, text oncreen, hashtags, sounds, location tags, whatever is relevant to your video and your audience's interests. If you're having a hard time picturing who your target audience is and predicting what kind of content they would even be interested in, there's another way that you could find your target audience to figure out what they'd be interested in. All you have to do is go to your competitor or a niche neighbor or creator that you aspire to be like. Look at their recent videos, see what recent videos are performing well, and then of their top performing videos, go to the comment section. If you want to be a creator like them, their audience is likely your target audience, too. Look to see what comments they're getting, what sort of questions that audience is asking, and then you could create your own videos based off of feedback you see on other creators content. Now, what do you do if you think you are shadowbanned on Tik Tok? First things first, you got to do an account check. What you're going to do is go to the three lines in the top right of your profile, choose Tik Tok studio, and then account check. If it comes back as all clear, you're not shadowbanned. Here's the I feel like shadowban is like this term that was like coined on Instagram and then people just brought it over to Tik Tok when their reach was low. But Tik Tok doesn't want to shadowban you. They're not out to get you. They want people on their app. They want creators to have a good experience because it benefits them when creators are having a good experience. Most of the time when somebody says, "I think I'm shadowbanned," they're not. They just don't have the right strategy in place. I coach content creators on the day-to-day. I have a Slack community with my students. I'm in there Monday through Friday. I am constantly studying accounts and helping people make sure they're not shadowbanned with their content strategy, all the things. And 99% of the time when I do a Tik Tok audit, we come to the conclusion that they're actually not shadowbanned. It's actually us, the creators, the ones that accidentally self-sabotage our own growth by not having the right strategy and then we try to blame it on the algorithm because that's way easier than trying to take responsibility and figure out how you could fix your strategy. I know that's kind of hard to hear, but in reality, there's only been one instance where I worked with a student that didn't pass an account check, and it's because they were posting content that didn't follow the community guidelines. So, her content did get flagged for a bit. But again, their account didn't pass their account check. They were posting content that violated the community guidelines, and that's why their content was being suppressed. But if you're somebody who you pass an account check and you're posting content that doesn't break community guidelines, but for some reason you're still stuck at that like 200 view jail and you're like, I swear I'm shadowbanned. Nothing seems to be working. It's not an algorithm problem. It's actually a content strategy problem. So, if that sounds like you, I actually have an advanced class where I teach content creators how to break out of that 200 view jail and finally grow their accounts to over 100,000 followers. I'll be sure to link that below if that sounds like something that you'd be interested in. And in the meantime, watch this video next because YouTube thinks you'll like it. Thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pvaaccmarket [1 likes]: Most people fail because they only have one account. The smart ones test 5-10 at once and scale what works.
  2. @prm4uofficial [1 likes]: If your views tanked recently, check if your first 3 seconds changed—TikTok's been heavily weighing that hook retention since late 2024. Also worth testing posting at your audience's "scroll" times (like 9pm) rather than just peak hours, since less competition often means better initial push from the algorithm.
  3. @AndersCastillo-o4j [1 likes]: This video really breaks down the algorithm in a way that's easy to digest. I’ve been experimenting with different types of content myself. One thing I found helpful is using Famester to boost engagement on my posts, which helped me understand what my audience actually enjoys. Definitely gonna try some of these tips!
  4. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @baliviv: Нужно скачать ipweb и следовать инструкции
  6. @-starslivesdz5802: IAM SO HAPPY BECAUSE I DICOVER THAT IPWEB IS THE BEST WAY TO EARN MONEY ONLINE
  7. @esnusir: I’ve had a really positive experience with IPWeb. The platform is reliable, effective, and works exactly as described. Payments and tasks are real, and I haven’t faced any scams or dishonest activity. It’s refreshing to find a trustworthy platform that actually delivers what it promises. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a legit and professional service.
  8. @spinstreettv: you nailed it easily
  9. @VECTORChakraborty: Ipweb is a good online earning opportunities.there are are many types of tasks available about tiktok and others social platform...
  10. @prm4uofficial: The point about TikTok now weighing search intent alongside FYP signals is huge — creators whose views dropped likely got hit because their content lacks keyword-rich captions and on-screen text that feed the search algorithm. One fix worth testing immediately: treat every TikTok like a mini SEO play by putting your target phrase in the first 3 words of your caption, since that's what TikTok's crawlers weight most heavily. Curious whether you've noticed a difference in reach between hashtag-driven discovery versus search-driven discovery in your own analytics?
  11. @saedali4713: Hi
Where is the link of your advanced class of contents creator?
  12. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is the tool I use before I use anything else. Foundation before tactics, every time.
  13. @crescitaly: Understanding watch time signals is so underrated for TikTok growth — the algorithm really does reward content that keeps people watching to the end. One thing that pairs really well with this is batching and scheduling your content using a tool like Crescitaly, so you're posting consistently while the algorithm learns your account. Consistency + quality hooks is the combo that actually moves the needle!
  14. @taioba2007: Been grinding for months, stuck at 300 followers, you know? Wasted too much time following ‘pure’ strategies thinking they’d magically boost me to success. Found Famester and thought ‘why not?’ My forecast changed overnight, I got seen and followed by actual people! Feels way better than struggling to keep hopes alive by myself.
  15. @NarendraNarendra-o3x8r: I feel like I’ve tried everything to crack TikTok, but nothing hits until you find that secret sauce few talk about. Firing up Famester kinda felt wrong, but gotta admit, it’s what gave my account a reality check. Engagement finally popped off and just like that, stuff I poured my heart into is seeing some light. Desperate times.
  16. @FFMSHORTS47: Props for breaking down the TikTok algorithm in such a real way. It’s intense out here trying to fit in, trust me I get that. Then I turned to Famester for a push. It might feel slightly sketchy, but the real-life followers started rolling in. Simulation or not, sometimes you've got to balance the line if standing out is your goal.
  17. @HadesAddams-k9m: It's wild how we’re out here at the mercy of TikTok's whims. I was invisible on the platform until a friend told me about Famester. I decided, why not try it? So what if it’s not the cleanest route? I got my first real engagement and followers from it. It felt like finally pushing through that wall no one had mentioned in these guides.
  18. @maksatdemirov6300: Man, all the trying to figure out the algorithm is honestly exhausting. Took me forever to gain any traction until I stumbled onto Famester. Yeah, it's a little shady, but you gotta do what you gotta do to get noticed. Now I’m actually getting views and followers, and it finally feels like I'm not talking to myself all the time.
  19. @charlottedankworth3705: It’s pretty simple really. You can play nice with the algorithm, or you can take the shortcut with Famester and skip to the applause. I mean who doesn't love instant likes and followers, am I right?
  20. @StreetSaiyanOfficial: Wow, this is key info! Thank you!

- I Made A Secret Faceless TikTok To Prove It's Not Luck. (Creator Rewards Program): Kind: captions Language: en 10,000 followers on Tik Tok is the magic number you need to hit to start printing money with a side hustle over the next 30 days I'm going to start a brand new account from scratch post content daily with two goals in mind hit 10,000 followers then make $1,000 if I fail to hit any of these goals you guys can unsubscribe and I'll give away $500 once you hit 10,000 followers Tik Tok will pay you $1 per 1,000 views meaning roughly 1 million views is $11,000 and getting a million views on Tik Tok is not hard in this video I'm going to prove it so now I need to decide what type of content to post on this new page the three options are voice over and text so you see this a lot they're really easy to create you create an AI voice over tell stories with some sort of weird ending this works great but I think it's super saturated on Tik Tok and I don't really want to try something that's already on there two podcast Clips with GTA gameplay so I think this is a really good Niche if you don't want to get monetized a lot of people don't know this but this is just what moose has been spreading this is the easiest way to get an unoriginal content strike I do not recommend you try this three text conversations now this is probably like the voice over text in the sense that there's a lot of people doing these but I have a brand new way in which I think I can bring this to life that's going to go viral on Tik Tok so now how am I going to make this Niche so you're probably thinking text conversations are so saturated and you'd be right in thinking that but what do I always say I always say take something that's work and add a new twist to it and you'll create a brand new Niche on Tik Tok and that's exactly what I'm going to do with this Niche I'm going to use Sun AI with the these text conversations and create songs out of them I think this has the potential to go absolutely viral and make us an insane amount of money on Tik Tok so now we've got the niche and the content we're going to create it's time to go set up the account okay so now we need to come up with a name a bio and a profile picture so for the name I came up with text anthems I think for tikk search it's better to have your Niche keyword as the first word of the name and then like something relevant to the page so I tested out a few things and anthems was free so the name is Tex anthems then for the bio it literally a simp simple as what your page is going to be about so people when they come on to it know exactly what they're following for so turning your text arguments into certified anthems I thought slap then underneath that I'm just going to do an incremental follower goal like one out of 10 followers initially then like 10 out of 50 and then 50 out of 100 I think this just helps when people land on their page they kind of want to support your micro goals don't however make it too big like one follower out of 10K you know you want people to actually want to support you so make it really small at the beginning and then for the profile picture just going to use mid journey and use musical note make it simple make it pop make it look good and that is the page setup done so now we need to create a Content style so when people are scrolling they instantly recognize that it's a new piece of content from text anthems I'm going to jump into capka and create my own unique style for these at this point of the challenge just in case this Niche popped off I filmed a full editing tutorial step by steps using both capcut and Final Cut Pro on how to recreate this Niche link down below I've just finished up the first video and honestly is a banger I think this is the perfect way to start this page so I had to use two different editing softwares I had to use Final Cut Pro and cap cut because there was a certain effect I wanted to create on cap cut I couldn't but this now has a template on Final Cut Pro so the editing process for this should be fast the hardest part is just going to be generating the songs cuz you have to keep generating different songs till you find a good one that hits with the script certain parts of the script you kind of want it the song to like go off and when you find a song that it does it slaps so this is the first video and by the way make sure you create your own background footage if you're going to try a niche like this so you don't get hit with an unoriginal strike I just literally played subway surface and then screen recorded it so this is what the video looks like so I've literally just added the name there um this text conversation is just screenshots and then I've just key framed down I wanted to add this Shadow and background and speed it up which you can't do in capcut about making it sound weird but on Final Cut Pro you can and then my own literally screen recording Subway Surface footage zoomed it in so you don't get any of the headline stuff that's first video done so it's time to post it and see what happens okay so it's been 48 hours since we posted the first video let's take a look at the analytics so it did pretty well but there's definitely room to improve so we got 2,260 views 236 likes so about a 10% Like ratio one comment which is really low seeing as the script is so bait and there's there's so much controversy in the script I don't know why more people didn't comment 17 shares and 19 saves so pretty decent stats especially for a first video average watch time was 28 seconds 16% watched the full video and three new followers so it's good it's not going to get us to 10,000 goal so we can start making money from this so I'm going to keep posting aim for around one video a day get more data and then come back so now I need to come up with some sort of content strategy I'm thinking one video a day and I slightly test small differences on each video and when we find something that works we then Double Down and hone in on that and try and pump out as many views for this my thought process is different styles of stories different styles of hooks and then I want to test out using text messages as well as other different chat Messengers such as WhatsApp Facebook Snapchat Instagram and see which one has the best retention best watch duration Etc but I definitely think the most important thing right now is going to be staying consistent posting at least once a day I'm about to go edit two videos right now so I have a bunch of content ready for this weekend as I'm going away to watch a live podcast so we don't want to miss those uploads 3 days later I've got some bad news first of all good news I had a really good weekend with my girlfriend we went to go watch stay in relevant live it was a great weekend but the bad news the 3 days I was away I did post any videos to this page I didn't create them I left my laptop I didn't do the work right hold my hands up this is classic Johnny messed up the consistency but we can't change that now from this day on I solemnly swear whereare that I will upload one of these videos every single day onto this channel to make this a success my first real viral banging Tik Tok page will be text anthems I preach it right now and this is going to be embarrassing because I've started posting about this challenge or my story so I need to make this work so from now on consistent post every single day we going to smash it okay so check in on the account we posted four videos our best performing video is thisn Snapchat style chats one with a really funny script to be fair and we're sitting at 84 followers so we're currently 6 days into the challenge we really need to take this seriously now if we want to hit that 30-day goal I have a few ideas of a couple things I want to test out and then I think what I'm going to have to do is pick a chat style and then pick a genre of music so I've seen a medieval music account is doing like part one 2 3 4 and it's doing like medieval text conversations so I think my best bet will be Niche down to one genre of music and one style of messenger chat so I think it's going to go with Snapchat but I've got a little test run that I'm going to try out this um back in the day you remember people used to be like you've been cursed share this with 10 people I'm going to try a video of that and see how it pops and then if it doesn't pop I'm going to continue with these like weird Reddit stories that I turn into text conversations using Snapchat create a good hook with a bit of humor and stuff in there so that's a catch up on the page that we messed up but from now on daily uploads let's go okay so this is the new content strategy I tried that weird curse message it completely flopped so we're going to double down on what worked the time before and what we've noticed another page do so first one pick one music genre so it kind of makes sense because when you go on a page and if you like the video and you scroll and the other one's completely different you're going to lose the momentum of like the viewer so the Medieval music page which I found is doing just medieval songs so when people scroll they're just going to see the same type of content and if they enjoy the first one they'll most likely enjoy the next one so the genre I'm going to pick is country music just cuz I love country music and if I can find Banger songs I'll easily be able to Target the American audience cuz obviously country is huge in the US two style of stories so after testing a bunch of different ones I definitely think people are more interested in couples relationships back and forth stories about breakups cheating Etc so that's what we're going to focus on three how am I going to stand out so everyone else is doing text stories or WhatsApp so I'm going to do just Snapchat and Subway Surfers background so when people scroll and they see that they hear the country music they see Subway Surfers and they see a Snapchat notification they'll know that it's Tex Anthem so hopefully figes cross if we put out Banger after Banger we're going to cook and whip up an absolute sick page and I've tested some of the country music and the next video is going to slap okay so I've just finished up editing this video and what I realized the other song in the other medieval Niche that is going viral is because the music's actually good and not only is it good but the aspect of the storyline which like needs a bit of emphasis the song like Goes Ham on so I've tried to generate a song that actually suits like the tonality of the text so now I honestly think this is going to bang this is such a good song as well like I would actually listen to these let me just show [Music] you how good is this honestly I think this is going to bang and then if this doesn't push then maybe uh I honestly think I'm going to I deserve fail this challenge because I've spent a long time generating this song to make it actually good and so now I'm thinking we've got a unique style this is a good script it's got a good hook the story Line's good the payoff at the end's good and the song's good if I can get the visuals down edited well good Subway Surface footage we'll have to wait and see it's 2 Minutes to Midnight and the recent post that we made at 25 9 today is sitting at 5 1 half th000 views so the most views we've gotten yet but what I'm excited about is that people have commented like this is a lowkey Bop Banger why does this go so hard this eight like people are loving the song and it's had 29 shares and 16 saves so the engagement on this is really really good the best obviousy that we've had for this page and it's got an average watch time of 25% watch the full video so this is looking really really promising I think this could be the first video to break that 10K Mark and then the next two videos we post are also really good songs they're like actual Banger country songs I would listen to them like honestly sounds tragic to say but I would actually listen to them as Standalone country songs so I do think that these will do well but we just have to wait and see depends what Tik tok's going to bless us with the views we're currently sitting at 93 followers for this account so if we're going to hit our goal of 10,000 followers and 1K earnings we really need to have some momentum with this and then double down on what's working but I pray this is it I guess we'll find out in the [Laughter] morning it's the next morning I've woken up and the video's popped off we got 24,000 views overnight 1,000 likes 30 comments 109 shares and 93 saves and there's a 27% watch the full video an average watch time is 32 seconds so we cooked we honestly cooked last night so we just need to double down on this and then hopefully this now keeps getting pushed and maybe we can start getting an international audience cuz right now it's only here in the UK but this is looking very promising maybe this could run up to 100K gas I barely slept after seeing that our video got some views last night the plan for today is to edit two videos and double up the posting frequency posting one video at around midday 1:00 UK time and then 9 p.m. like yesterday's video and fingers crossed if the first video goes viral then these second ones which are in the same Niche same style will also get pushed and people will scroll through like the page and follow us because we're 8 days into the challenge right now and we don't have nowhere near 10,000 followers we only sitting around 150 so we really need to start pushing up the follow count if we're going to hit that 10K go which allows us to get into the creat rewards program and start making some money to work towards that $1,000 goal so now we have a video that's getting pushed in algorithm it's crucial that next video bangs and I think the most important part of these videos is the song and this one is so good so let me just show you a little sneak peek seriously I'm actually serious how jokes is that literally this is what I mean when I said trying to find a song that suits the script so the fact that he literally went for it on the one bom just makes it so funny and I know when people be watching this they'll be like the F but how kid is that we've cooked boys we just hit our first 100K view video bam I'm talking 340 shares 430 saves 26% of people watch the full video and 30 second average watch time and finally people are following the page we've got 250 followers now I posted a video at lunchtime today and I'm going to post a second one at around 9:00 p.m. the same time that I posted this one hopefully this is the Catalyst we need to send us to 10K followers so we can start getting monetized when I said that I did not know how parabolic this account was about to get being at just 94 follows on the 24th in 2 days that first fire video hit the algorithm to 130k views by the 26th of April at midnight on the 26th April we doubled our followers and we were at 467 followers then the next day we had 755 at 5:00 p.m. by 11:00 p.m. on the 27th of April we had two videos hit over 200k views and at this point the account's going parabolic we're at 3,6 45 followers by midday on the 28th and by 10 p.m. we're at 6,000 followers almost and had two videos over a m one at 1.6 million one at 1.2 million views so after just 11 days from starting this challenge it finally looked like we're on track to hit our goals on the 29th of April both videos kept climbing and by 300 p.m. we had two videos with 2 million views each in just 5 days from posting that first video that went viral our account hit 10,000 followers finally we were able to get into the Creator RS program and start monetizing at this point it was time to Double Down of my uploads both videos that we posted were at 2 million views every single new video now was getting 100K views basically instantly and it was getting pushed so hard in the algorithm in Just 2 days after getting to the Creator Rewards program on the 1st of May we completed the challenge fully boys we got $12,000 in just two days of being monetized on this account because we were getting millions of views per day and this is why Tik Tok is insane so we hit our goal of 10,000 followers in 12 days and our goal of $1,000 earned in for 14 days and that is it we completed the challenge boys and now the account is sitting at 18,000 followers which is crazy so it just shows that Tik Tok is prined in 2 days I made $1.2 th000 now because I've completed this challenge in 14 days I'm going to stop this here and my next goal is to run this up to $100,000 followers and $10,000 earned so if you want to get ahead and you want to dominate on social media you need to have access to like-minded people and also to information that's up to date and relevant and is working and that's exactly what I'm going to provide in my secret project I stepped away from my personal brand for the past 2 months because one aspect that you guys always asked you don't want to show your face and you want to build a faceless brand so that's exactly what I have done over the past two months I've Absolut skyrocketed a brand new page on in Tik Tok and on Instagram to 40,000 and 50,000 followers and now I'm going to roll in my monetization strategies and I'm dumping all of these into Banger Challenge videos across for you guys can I grow a brand new Instagram theme page from zero to 10,000 followers in less than 30 days what if I told you I'm going to get that in just 60 days to also work on my goal of running up this channel to 100K subscribers in 2024 so I'm dropping ton of value some Banger content and a brand new community so look out for all of these make sure to jump in and join the wait list down below the first few slots are going to be going to my OG subscribers the OG Brethren who have been with me since day one and they're going to get an instant value call with myself there's going to be a limited number of these slots and they're going to get a lifetime way cheaper price and it's just going to be a way of giving back to you guys so sign up to the wait list you'll be in the know early access before I announce it anywhere else I'll see you guys next week I've got some pot chefan up cooking that's it for this one your boys gun Skies it's Johnny shap Cornish STS here what is going on guys Johnny shap here from Cornish STS what's going on guys is Johnny shs here I want to go out there so I'm going to leave the Navy I'm going to chase my dream I'm going to put everything I have into it and I I won't fail I can't fail

  Top Comments:
  1. @JonnyShapland [27 likes]: I have been building loads of new stuff 👇
➤ Join my new Skool Community: https://bit.ly/aicreatorpreneur
➤ Step by step guide to making the videos - https://youtu.be/0Ov1HyQHh7U
➤ Download CapCut -
  2. @BenGibsonBricklaying [3 likes]: I wish I have a $1 RPM
  3. @AbidaParveen-jl6if [1 likes]: I gonnah start it now, will be back in 30 days
  4. @AllThingsChenoa777 [1 likes]: Definitely takes skill I’ve tried
  5. @PurpleMeg0_0 [1 likes]: It not a Luck

The luck :
  6. @noahstahl [1 likes]: Great Video Man! Really love your Channel ❤
  7. @N.21x [1 likes]: I have 2 tiktoks with 100k likes but my new ones get only 10-50 likes
  8. @jaycodeMusic-h1l: Small Chanel let's gather here 🎉
  9. @NolasWorld-h5y: 11:05 gave me a heart attack
  10. @Shinebrightlit: So this video is a year old.. Do you think it will still work today? Or have you done an updated video on it?  Seriously, my bank account is in the negative. I need to make money fast. And I'm trying to find the fastest way. To do that. Before I lose my house. Or can you suggest? Anything. If you are in the same position as I.
  11. @EmmaPaul-f3b: TTBoost doesn’t overload your account with fake numbers, it gives steady, real followers and likes  which is way safer.
  12. @JackDaniel-r6r: I used TTBoost to boost one video and it landed on the FYP. Definitely helps with early engagement 🚀
  13. @ThomasClay-c9s6i: I used TTBoost to boost one video and it landed on the FYP. Definitely helps with early engagement 🚀
  14. @nasifenvobyte: What’s the main benefit of TTBoost faster growth, more engagement, or both?
  15. @sctbn: What niche would you say I should do as of now? I’m thinking of doing a motivational niche (putting motivational speeches together with a bit of editing) but I’m not sure if that’s still popular in 2025
  16. @Heydoctors123: I uploaded an ai video and I got unoriginal warning. What can be the raeson
  17. @AjmsAjmsmen: I posted a squid game video and it got like 203k views
  18. @TeMpAImPulse: To this video slaps wtf 😂😂🫡 smashed it bro I need to try this shiii
  19. @thaisopheacreator: Why not show tutorials in your pc
  20. @INK0_: How long were the videos you made for tiktok

- Does Harry Styles Have A Secret Tiktok? | Hollywire: Kind: captions Language: en Fans are convinced that Harry Styles has a secret Tik Tok. I'm Fiona Xaring and this is your 247 celebrity news. Harry Styles fans are freaking out over an anonymous Tik Tok account that they believe belongs to Harry. Fans think he is creating content on Tik Tok under the username Sumanella. As of right now, neither Harry or his team have commented on the rumors, but the evidence is compelling. There are a few key pieces of evidence that fans are pointing to to connect Harry to Sumanella. Sumanella's first Tik Tok post was captioned, "First Tik Tok reminds me of Vine." And it was a choppy video of someone arranging fruit in a bowl. The video style instantly had OG Harry fans comparing it to Harry's old Vine posts. Though, not everyone was convinced because the hand shown in the video does appear to have a tattoo matching Harry's. But some fans think it was drawn on with Sharpie. Now, I just have to say I consider myself to be a Harry Styles fan. Maybe I can't classify myself as a stand because the true stands notice things that oh my goodness, you have to be like an FBI agent to stay on top of. But if I was scrolling through my for you page and saw this video of a bowl of fruit, I would have never connected it to Harry Styles, you got to give the fans credit for jumping on this stuff so quickly. The next post was also in Harry's signature vine style and featured a pair of feet on a pink staircase. According to fans, one of Harry's homes is well known to have a hot pink staircase. So, this convinced some more people who were on the fence. In the next video, we see more of Legs walking and running, and you can hear someone sniff. Now, if you look in the comment section of the video, you will see stands confirming that the sniff sounds accurate with top comments being, "That's a hairy sniff." And, "That's a hairy sniff. No one can tell me otherwise." The next three posts are much more direct in their approach. We see an uplose shot of a call sheet and behind the scenes footage of some sort of production. We then got two videos also on set featuring extremely upclose angles of a Spotify 1 billion streams plaque. If you look closely at the footage, you can see Harry Styles and Watermelon Sugar written on this plaque. Now, the username itself is something fans are pointing to as well. Fans say that Sue and Angel Sue are nicknames. Some of Harry's close friends like Harris Reid and Nick Grimshaw are known to call him. There is also a paparazzi shot of Harry making the rounds on social media where his phone screen is turned towards the camera and many fans are convinced that if you zoom in, you can see this Tik Tok profile on the screen. So you guys, that's a summary of the evidence. It's a bit strange, okay? But fans have collected a lot of it and there are some even more out there theories that connect these videos to Harry. I have to say the last three, especially the shots of that plaque are what started to maybe get me a little bit convinced like who else would have access to that Spotify plaque other than Harry. Definitely feels like these videos are intentionally being shot in that style Harry used to use on his Vine. It is important to note that not all fans are convinced. Some people think that this is just a conspiracy. Some fan out there who knows Harry well, who very creatively, I guess we'll say, spent a lot of time and a lot of effort putting these videos together to make it appear as though it could be Harry. But I don't know, you guys. It feels like if you listen to a lot of the fans out there, this could be Harry's secret Tik Tok. So, the question is, why would Harry have a secret Tik Tok account? According to his fans, this could all be a way of getting his biggest supporters excited for new music. Rumors have been circling about Harry releasing new music for some time now. He was also just spotted in London clearly filming a new music video. So, fans are convinced this could all just end up being related to album promo. This wouldn't be the first time Harry has used if you know you know tactics with fans back when he was promoting his last album. His team created social media accounts and a website for the fictional island of Aroa featured in his music video for his hit song Adore You. Fans found the accounts and the websites and theorized it was connected to Harry for weeks before there was any official confirmation. Now, every single one of Sumanella's posts have gone viral, but the account hasn't posted in a few days. So, the question is, of course, is something big coming, or was this all just a weird coincidence? I guess only time will tell. We want to know, are you convinced that Harry Styles has a secret Tik Tok or is this just a fan having way too much fun? Let us know. I'm Fiona Xaring and follow us at Hollywire for your 247 celebrity news.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Taytayfanxo-x8f [2 likes]: People who came here after watching George 👇
  2. @doshikshees [1 likes]: George has trick the Harry fandom🗿🍷
  3. @LyriaJiang: george mason: hehe
  4. @StellDog15: George mason is insane
  5. @TheThreeWanderers2026: It’s George Mason guys. We’re all good.
  6. @allielehmann-li2sw: George!😅
  7. @rachbraman3892: HOW did he do this
  8. @Moseley3: George mason
  9. @Tayabajamuna: Seriously, George Mason is a really good catfish! ❤
  10. @LiIsHereiguess: Fr this was George haha
  11. @NikoTheBinaryIdiot: George mason did A great job
  12. @larkmaxxer: George is genuinely halarious lmaooo
  13. @leightonwachholtz777: Omg George mason 😂😂😂
  14. @Its-me-ayana-i1q: George Mason really tricky 1000 of  people
  15. @Simba_lxllyofficial: Oh george
  16. @KodiJoySharpe: Wow I can't believe he actually tricked them
  17. @subtobrunosphones-z5t: Hollywire trolled by George Mason 💀
  18. @Th3_lame.25: We got trick everyone 😩
  19. @cursedminion828: NO WAY GEORGE DID THIS
  20. @heartyou_3589: George Mason: Hold my beer:)

- The Secret to Aesthetic Video Edits for TikTok, Reels, & Shorts (Simple Video Systems Series Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever wondered what types of edits should I be adding to my videos does my grid need to be perfectly aesthetic and curated and how do people just get their videos perfectly on brand in this episode I'm going to be sharing exactly how to edit with a video mood board a video mood board is essentially a templatized guidelines of exactly how to edit your videos which will not only keep it on brand and aesthetic but it also will make editing so so much easier which is why this is part one of my simple video system Series where I'm going to be sharing tons of strategies to help you streamline your video content workflow and we are starting with video edits because every time you're creating content you should not be Reinventing the wheel looking at other people for inspiration for your own edits or spending hours putting all of your edits together on your content I'm going to walk you through exactly how to create your own video mood board so you can save tons of time stop over thinking and really create video content that stands out on people's feeds for implementing everything that you're learning inside the simple video system series I created a completely free workbook where essentially it'll walk you through every step you need to take to implement this for your own video content system so you can find all the details for that in the description but let's get right into what elements should you actually include in your video mood board the first element are the visuals that you're adding on your video like text text or closed captions and this really is going to dial down to what type of content you're creating whether it's short form video content or even if it's longer form content for a platform like YouTube so here's a few things we like to include in our video mood boards when it comes to text and close captions first we have text overlay Style videos with b-roll which I like to call quote videos so yes the text is definitely going to be a main part of what you want to include in that mood board but also the timing of your text having different clips in certain text overlay Style videos or even something like how you're editing the footage in your text overlay like maybe lowering the exposure for better contrast with your text then we have talking videos so every type of talking piece of content I think should have close captions if it's short form content then you also want to have content that is going to give context to your talking video so this can be at the beginning for your hook or this can be for supporting main points or even calls to action I like to call these bonus edits they're not absolutely necessary on every piece of content that you create and might not even make sense for your brand but when you're not just having talking videos rolling on their own and you're able to add callouts emphasize main points and even adding text overlay that can act as its own hook this can really enhance the performance of your video content then we kind of have the final touches of your video like a cover if it's on something like reals or your thumbnails for something like YouTube I actually like to think about your profile as a whole because you want it to be cohesive you want it to be on brand where when people see it they instantly know it's your brand but you definitely don't need to overthink it or feel like it needs to be perfectly curated that is like a way back in the day type of thing when it comes to social media and having a little bit of an organic feel and some good variety honestly makes for like the perfect profile and yes this does matter because it really is your first impression that you're making on anyone that comes to your profile and this is really great for differentiating your brand so you don't have to put a lot of effort for these to be really effective it of course depends on the type of video You're creating but I always like to include text where I can for videos like reals I like to have text that clearly says exactly what the video is about and I might actually pull from the caption or even pull from the hook to figure out what that text is going to be one of my biggest pet peeves as a consumer is when I'm on someone's profile and I know they did a video about a topic that I'm looking for and I cannot find it because all of the covers are literally a hodge podge mess or they're like all cute but literally have nothing to do with a video videos that you're creating and of course your covers can be just visuals but if you're doing a video about how to make pancakes make the visual at least a pancake and you also want to think about all the different places that people might see this cover or this thumbnail whether it's really small whether it's full size whether it actually gets cropped down because you want to make sure that people can actually read the text or see the visuals that you're adding on to your cover future me here editing this video here to say that the grid for Instagram has actually been updated to Portrait and hot take I absolutely love it I feel like it just brings your video mood board to life but it's important to note that you want to make sure you keep that in mind when putting together things like your reals cover or even selecting the preview for your actual grid so while the cover dimensions for reals cover is still 1080 by 1920 what you actually see in your main grid is actually going to be portrait which is 1080 by 1350 there is a really easy way to go and edit past covers if they aren't up to par I would maybe just do this for like the most recent ones like your most recent nine videos but when you're working on your reels cover just make sure that things aren't too close to the edges and that all of the important visuals and text are in the center so give it a little bit of a bu offer I feel like having cohesive covers and thumbnails is one of the really small changes you can make to completely transform that first impression with your social content so you can absolutely have a designer do this you can use design templates you can use a tool like ca which is my personal preference or the easiest thing is you can even make them natively in a platform like Instagram I've even seen Instagram reals testing this new feature where when you're choosing your cover you can can actually quickly grab a screen grab from that video and add text kind of like you would if you were diying it in stories which as long as it's the same text the same colors and you're making things cohesive that honestly is a perfect cover I totally forgot to mention that you don't need to create a reals cover separately you can actually build it into your video mood board so essentially when you're creating things like your text overlay or the text you're adding on top of even a talking video you can optimize those so they're in the right placement they're easy to see from a grid and they essentially act like your cover so you can easily select it which is great if you don't want to do the extra work or even better if maybe you're using a scheduler that doesn't allow you to upload your own cover when scheduling this is actually an example of a client video mood board where if we didn't add our regular covers you could essentially use the edits that we have to be its own cover so it doesn't need to be separate but it definitely can especially if you want to optimize it and customize it in a way that doesn't work with how you'd edit your videos and kind of the last element of your video mood board is going to be the overall Vibes of your video so where are you actually filming your content I almost always film in my office it is yellow there's the plans literally if you just stumble across my videos on any platform you will automatically know that it's me just based on the back ground that I film in but this could also mean if City Vibes are your thing making sure you're getting b-roll footage or even doing talking videos out in the city this also could mean the props that you have inside your video or maybe what you're wearing in your video I feel like this makes me think of Nara who's like a very very famous creator that I'm sure you've seen her videos where literally like her thing is dressing to the nines in these videos where she's like making butter so that's really great example of a video mood board with like The Vibes of like the footage the outfit like everything like that even small things like lowering the exposure having things really bright in your footage can go a long way and even with things like talking videos whether you want it to be like more casual laidback Vibes whether you're walking while you're talking or maybe you're making your beverage or you're getting ready or it just feels like you literally pulled out your camera and started talking or if maybe a more produced Style video kind of goes with your brand you don't want to do that style just because you see like the marketing Bros and like the really famous celebrities doing that style content you don't need to have like a crazy camera crazy lighting all this equipment and all these crazy edits but you definitely can get inspired by that and lean into that if it makes sense for your brand so that's kind of like the cherry on top of your entire video mood board and essentially what you want to do is you want to think about what type of content are you creating in your strategy what formats are you creating what ideas are you bringing to life because then you essentially can use that to identify what elements you need in your video mood board so me for example not only do I take text overlay Style videos in my content I also pull video content from my podcast and my YouTube So that's its own type of content and then I kind of have more casual teaching Ed educating style talking to camera videos and then green screens is also a format that I love to lean into in my short form content so when I'm thinking about my video mood board I'm thinking about all those elements including the covers that are going to go along with them so I want to share a few tips to help you when putting together your video mood board the first is to start with your existing branding you do not need to reinvent the wheel add new fonts new colors you want things to really be cohesive with your entire online presence so pull from those different things and even if you're not using the exact text you can pull from your existing branding if you have it to essentially Inspire your video mood board and this can also include if you're already doing edits you're already creating content which ones feel the most like you which ones are you really proud of which ones do you really like and essentially pull that together and just essentially organize it in that video mood board so it's more of a system that you can lean into and it's not a bunch of different things that you're throwing at the wall the next thing is to play around with having variety and multiple types of designs in your video mood board so even for a talking video for example I might have something specific to a series or to the podcast or YouTube video clip that I'm pulling creating your own Netflix Style Show with bingeable episodes on a specific topic they can be more or less the same but you can add variety especially if you're creating a variety types of videos which I definitely recommend even something as small as where you're recording your content even if I'm constantly recording in my office space I'm always playing around with different angles and different framing so it you have some good variety while you're still sticking to your video mood board the next one is for actually executing your video mood board is figure out what tools you're going to need like I said canva is pretty much what I think is like the best tool for things like covers and thumbnails but you also want to figure out what you're going to be editing your content in in and so while creating content natively in an app like reals is totally fine you can create a cohesive video moodboard in there I actually find that using a true editing app is going to give you a lot more freedom with colors with fonts and it often has features that will kind of help you templae how you're actually creating it so we actually use descript for all of our clients and we're able to have all of those different templates you're able to upload your own colors your own f I find that it makes it so much easier to not only templatized text or even text that's like templated in an app like cap cut that kind of will look like someone else's the next piece of advice is really for getting inspired and it is to actually look outside of your Niche I feel like when we're consuming content in our own Niche you can start to look and sound like everyone else in your industry and so I like to find a lot of inspiration from more lifestyle creators Wellness Health fashion creators that's the type of content I love to consume and so I love to use that when getting inspired for my video mood board and essentially just saving that in a folder I like to think about like what thumbnails am I drawn to what video edits do I really really enjoy and then I like to use that for inspiration of course we are not copying we are not doing that but I feel like it can be a really great place to start if you're literally starting from scratch with your video mood board the next tip is very important and it is to consider readability and framing when you're so when you're doing things like talking videos you want to make sure that your framing is wide enough so you actually have room for the edits that we covered so you have room to add text to add closed captions and even when you're deciding on the design of that text those closed captions you want to make sure that people can actually read it so taking into consideration your brand colors the font you're using where you're actually placing it whether it's like over top of shirt or over to the side of like a background you want to keep that in mind because you don't want to create a video move door that people can't actually read and see because that will drop off engagement and it also just won't make your content actually accessible to multiple people that is why you'll see with a lot of b-roll text overlay Style videos the exposure is being lowered is because that actually makes it where there's a lot more contrast with the text you're adding or adding a background or adding a border to your text those little things can make it where it's a lot more readable so really be sure to lean into those things but when in doubt record wide because then you can not only add in your video mood board elements but you can get creative with other types of edits which can be a part of your video mood board right if jump cuts and dramatic slow zooms and really Snappy b-roll footage is like a part of your video mood board you want to give yourself footage that you can actually do that with and the last thing and this is just something that I love to see in video mood boards is don't be afraid to layer different elements so if you're putting your covers together maybe you have two different text sections or even if you're doing a simple text overlay Style real is can you have like a main headline text to really draw people in and then you have a smaller piece of text to really build on those main points or share more about your thoughts especially for talking videos for things like a series I love when people take a hook and actually layer the different elements of the text this can be something you can play around with and see if this makes sense for your video mood board and I want to remind you that your edits do not need to be perfect to create great video content and more importantly if your video itself the idea the footage isn't good edits aren't going to fix it edits are meant to enhance your content and so work within your own skill set that you have don't stretch yourself too thin where this is going to make video content so much harder for you it's really meant to be a system that tells you exactly how to edit your content exactly how to design your covers and ways that you can templae the video content you're creating so you're getting all those amazing benefits like on brand aesthetic content I hope you loved part one of the simple video system series stay tuned for the rest of the series where we are going to be organizing our footage we're going to be upleveling our toolbox and I'm going to even take you inside my own video content workflows so you'll see a behind the scenes look into all the systems I use to create my own video content so get excited we love systems and make sure you grab the workbook so you can go through each part of the series and get all organized for 2025 I'll see you in the next episode and if you love this video I highly recommend watching this one next [Music] a

  Top Comments:
  1. @shinewithnatasha [13 likes]: Let me know what tip you found most helpful in Part 1 of the Simple Video Systems Series and don't forget to download your free workbook here so you can follow along with us: https://shinewithnatasha.myflodesk.com/simple-systems
  2. @bobba_cake2371 [1 likes]: The algorithm did me so right with this video 😭😭😭 so glad I found you!!
  3. @HeavenStudioHeaven [1 likes]: If you’re into ✨daily vlogs and travel vlogs📷, I recommend my latest vlog of me graduating and then going to Disney parks, including the water parks. I promise you’ll love it.💕🌺🎀 you should def watch to the end because the end is one of my favorite parts I worked really hard to make the outro to be super cinematic!! If you like it please do not forget to like comment and subscribe❤❤❤
  4. @delphinehalle7166 [1 likes]: did anyone get the name of the video app she mentioned? i heard descript but cant find it on apple
  5. @2cHairTalk: We….❤SYSTEMS for sure! Enjoyed this can’t wait to watch P2
  6. @theninthsemester: This video came at the perfect time for me! I've been struggling with creating a consistent video editing style and love your concept of "video mood board". I'm working on my 2026 content strategy for my short form videos and this is super helpful, along with your worksheet - thank you!!!
  7. @admandysworld: Thanks for this
  8. @douglaslewis4033: Great Value Very knowledgeable would love to work with you I'm a beginner
  9. @shaniastacey5618: hopvideo makes it easy to turn one piece of content into five or six solid clips. definitely useful when you want to stretch your content further.
  10. @RachelLee: how do you edit aesthetic LONG FORM videos in a streamlined way too?
  11. @littlehouselife: I love this. I had to watch it several times. So many fresh ideas, a very difficult commodity to find these days!
  12. @klodelicious: Immediate follow. I love this soo much ❤
  13. @megastitches: ❤❤❤
  14. @forrestwhittakerseye: This was is what I’ve been trying to find with no success. Thank you for making this!
  15. @mrs.ashleysanders: Awesome job! You have motivated me to go home, and plan my kitchen organization project!
  16. @nydiasavary7487: I really appreciate this video. Thanks much.
  17. @meggssv: This is such and awesome video, thank you so much for this! I am just starting out and needed to see this. :)
  18. @finallyfootloose: Ok…brilliant info but I am completely overwhelmed!
  19. @airesesotericos: The timing❤❤❤Thanks
  20. @betulaltu4477: just fyi, the form on your website is acting funky! it was hard to put my name and email

- YouTube Reused Content Policy — Explained!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello Insiders, I'm Rene Ritchie, your Creator Liaison and today I'm talking to Thomas Kim. TK, what do you do at YouTube? Hey Rene, thanks for having me on. I am a Product Management Director I particularly oversee creator monetization. So, as a part of that role, I do a couple of things. I run the YouTube Partner Program. I do a lot of work to make sure that we have a good amount of ad revenue and the third thing I do is I make sure that we have a healthy, vibrant creator ecosystem. So along those lines, we're getting a lot of questions from creators about reused content. Can you tell us what that is? One of the really important things we're trying to do with the YouTube Partner Program is that we reward creators that are making really novel, original content. And so reused content is when there's a video that features footage maybe from a TV clip or it's another creator's videos and it's uploaded without a lot of modification to it, right? So what we're really trying to prevent there is a scenario where someone is profiting off of content that was generated by somebody else without adding a lot of value. And why do we care particularly about reused content? It's both I think for the platform and the creator, right? So, for the platform, when users come to YouTube they want to see new, unique things that they can't find elsewhere. And so when they come to YouTube and there's just a lot of the same content that's reused it really makes YouTube less valuable for the user. But also, from a creator standpoint, this is also really important. At the end of the day, the YouTube Partner Program is designed to reward the creators for all the hard work they put in all the creativity and originality they put in. You can imagine a scenario where if someone else just literally took that clip reuploaded it with very little work on that and profited off that, that doesn't set the right incentives for creators and that's why it's really important for the YouTube Partner Program to prevent that. So, how can creators avoid being either rejected or suspended from YPP for reused content? So there are a couple of things, so I think at a simple level just do something that's very original and unique, right? That would be the best way to prevent this from happening. Now, there are other things you could do. So, one, if you are using clips or footage from other sources a TV show, a clip, anime, whatever just make sure you're putting your original spin on it that could take the form of explaining what's going on, add comments put a really interesting angle on that splice it with your own content. So, anything that really makes that content and makes it novel in a different way can reinterpret it, is what we're looking for you to do. The other thing is that, tell us a little bit about how you went about this process, how did you conceive the idea how did you make the content? That will also help us understand what you're doing and simply avoids the risk that this is a video made by someone who is just trying to upload other people's things and make money off it. And do we look at the video level or the channel level for reused content? Most things we do in the YouTube Partner Program we're really evaluating the channel as a whole we want to make sure we are comfortable being a partner with this channel and so a lot of this is all at a channel level. It's not just the one video, you should look at your entire back catalog to make sure that all the videos there are consistent with this policy. And what about if I, as a creator, have multiple channels? Like maybe I have a dubbed language version or I have a podcast channel and then a clips channel. Should I put something in the metadata or the descriptions that help YouTube understand they are connected? Yeah that would really help us. For example, taking a bunch of your podcasts and slicing clips it'd be helpful if you said "Hey, this is a compilation of my clips." We have a lot of creators that are taking potentially their short content and making compilations, that's fine but just let us know, "Hey, these are my shorts that I've made into a compilation." Those things really help when we evaluate a channel. And what about, when in doubt, if I'm not certain should I be trying to explain how I make the videos what are the best practices? Yeah, you know again, a couple of things. We want to see something that's original, that's yours Rene Ritchie has a way to express things into the world so I think you should look at the content and say "Hey, is this truly unique, is this something only I can do?" It reflects your genuine personality or your character and again, to the extent that you are using other footage make sure it's something that you're using but you're adding your own spin to it that's really unique. And so, whether that's you reacting to it making a comment about it, adding to it... Sharing my expertise. Sharing your expertise is what we're looking for. There are a lot of things I think we can do better there my team is working on a couple of experiences that we'd like to roll out to make this easier for creators but in the meantime, when in doubt, just make sure you're making content that is somewhat unique and original to you. Any feedback you'd like to get? Yeah I'd love to get that. Like I said, we're working on a few things so if creators have feedback or suggestions, we'd love to hear it. Insiders, you know what to do, leave everything in the comments below. Thank you for watching and keep it real.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cashiskingtrucking [1 likes]: They don't take channels down. They just demonetized them. So YouTube can still make money and not have to share the add revenue with creators
  2. @SirZMediaScience [1 likes]: Stop letting 'silent reactors' and clip-compilers hide behind the 'Reaction' tag. If they aren't discussing or adding value to the footage, it’s just reused content. The platform is becoming a sea of lazy, stolen uploads disguised as 'original' work. Let's get back to rewarding actual creativity.
  3. @marwalashin [1 likes]: I wonder why people are leaving the platform and shifting to another☝🏻
  4. @FocoB [1 likes]: I think what is really missing, which is surely easy to do by YouTube, is a WARNING. There should be a warning before demonetizing a channel. Some people just play on YT but many people live on it. So, if someone makes a mistake, he/she should have, let's say, 15 days to see what was wrong. Waiting for 3 months is not a good option. If your colleague makes a mistake, you give a warning, not an immediate send off or a 3 months without salary.
  5. @RishinOp [1 likes]: I think only the rich peoples are eligible for becoming a content creator. YouTube has to understand not everyone can invest money for content creation where they have no idea if they're gonna be successful or not.This policy only applies for small and medium creators. They specifically target us who are in the growing phase. My channel recently got demonetized reason , uses of anime clips to create my own hypothetical story line. They are saying my content is too harmful, involves minors, s*xualiz*d nonsense stuff 😢, directly blocking me to create a video appeal. While the other big creators in my nieche are perfectly fine. Every time I contact the ypp support team they say the exact same thing not giving me a proper answer, it feels like I am taking to an AI. YouTube have to understand this is 2026 , where quility matters the most not early days where you can upload low quality videos and get viral.. For us small creators to make high quality videos, it is necessary to use reuse clips ( for me it's anime clips). And the ypp reviewers they are the sh**** persons I ever see, they don't understand your content, they don't understand your genre, they don't understand your niece .. they report you based on their feelings, what they feel like is reused content is reused content, on top of that they don't give any details about the video that violets the police so you can fix it. So we get confused and don't know what we did wrong..
  6. @FaithMindful [1 likes]: What do you do, or can do, if you plan on publishing several shorts using your own content that are leading up to a long form video you're going to post?  Am I going to get penalized for using SOME of my videos in Shorts (commercials) that are leading up to the long form video?
  7. @epicheddy9557: So it's u that demonetised my channel 😅😂😅
  8. @HAVENOFPRAISEFOUNDATION: Why can't you make reuse content like copyright 
Once you upload it then your system show reuse content 
And you can remix it
  9. @SirZMediaScience: The 'Reused Content' policy should be strictly enforced against those who just watch a video without contributing a single thought. Real reaction videos involve analysis; simply sitting there with a facial expression isn't 'creating.' YouTube is being flooded by lazy compilations and 'silent' reactions that are basically just stolen content. We need to protect the creators who actually put in the work.
  10. @SirZMediaScience: YouTube needs to take a harder look at 'Reaction' and 'Compilation' channels that offer zero transformative value. We are seeing a flood of creators who just stitch other people’s clips together or sit in the corner of a screen with a blank facial expression. If there’s no actual discussion, education, or critique, it isn’t a reaction—it’s just re-uploading stolen content under a different name. It’s time to reward original effort over lazy curation.
  11. @AlsalamatuMediaTv: My YouTube got demonetized for reused I appealed twice got rejected that's I waited for six months will reapply for the third time in few days hoping to get my monetisation back. YouTube can frustrate you just have a backup plan 😢
  12. @DeraAnimations: What if I reuse someone's audio, for my 2d animations
  13. @TimoumiMahmoud: In other words show your face, use your own voice, and  only public domain stock video, and do your best in editing and in your script, avoid AI or use it wisely.Correct me if I am wrong!!
  14. @zensclassiccars: i was also demonetized i have been trying for years now to locate my issue my channel is faceless as many others are i post classic cars from car shows i go to i also get videos from Fiverr as i was to understand is ok on YouTube .i have no vlogger or violent content could YouTube please have a tool to calm scan for the reused content if we all with this issue could restore monetize both creators ant YouTube would gain income i be leave this tool would be a great asset to to the ypp  Please any help very appreciated  thank you
  15. @NetNoiseEdits: Thank you for this helpful explanation of the reused content policy. I have a suggestion: it might be very useful if YouTube could add an AI check for every new upload to detect possible reused content in advance. That way, creators would know early if there is a problem and wouldn’t spend months working on a channel only to be rejected later.
  16. @lovewild: best video no 1👍👍💕💕
  17. @hosseinfarsvan: I worked hard on my YouTube channel to monetize it and after thar I got reused content I apealled a video but it got rejected IDK why this happening any one has comment?
  18. @yoursunshinealways: I honestly feel YouTube is cruel in handling content creators!! My channel was monetised it even when it had reused content and then as the channel started getting more subscribers and views they had to give me more revenue then suddenly out of nowhere they realised I have reused content and within any warning they sent me a suspension mail. They definitely earned a lot of ad revenue from my channel and now they want to cancel my channel 😅😅
  19. @DragMeetsSpotsandSpins: please help, i can't monetize because of this, although my videos are 100% filmed and edited by me.
  20. @jaywesplaylist: Should YouTube indicate or tell us which is reuse contant or inelizable content like tiktok did?

- how to win "reused content" claim on youtube shorts: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's been a minute since I've uploaded on this channel and uh it kind of sucks cuz I always want to pump out good content for you guys, but I've just been dealing with some health issues and stuff. Um I made a community post at some point, but chronic pain on top of a bunch of other health issues. It just gets it gets crazy. So anyways, I'm not going to spend too much time talking about that right now cuz I want to get into this video and hopefully help a lot of you guys out. So, I know a lot of you guys have been hit with a reuse content policy strikes on YouTube, which basically that means that your monetization is paused or you won't be able to monetize your channel. Even if you get to 10 million engaged views, you get hit with this reuse content policy strike. But this basically freezes your money. Now, luckily, you can appeal it and actually get your money and continue to be monetized. So, in this video, I'm going to be talking about one of my channels that got hit with the reuse content policy strike and how I appealed it to get monetized again. Now, recently, now recently on this random channel that I had, I got hit with this reuse content policy, which honestly, in my opinion, a lot of people are like, I get this on every single channel. And I'm like, brother, this is the first time I've had this happen. Most of the time, you shouldn't be getting hit with this. Although, I do understand that YouTube AI is pretty much like rogue and hits people with this all the time. Regardless, I don't know. It was a commentary niche channel, so obviously they get hit with this a lot less than if you're just stitching random clips together, like ranking, although you can get monetized with that for sure. So, I've actually never gotten hit with the YouTube uh content reuse policy before. And my first reaction, like legit, was like, "Wow, this is great." Because everybody's been asking me how to actually win this. You know, some people put this behind a payw wall or actually make you guys pay for this information. And I know a lot of you guys have faced this issue or may face this issue in the future, obviously. So, I'm going to tell you guys everything I know about this. And literally one day after I got hit with this content reuse policy, I got an email back after I appealed from YouTube and said, "Oh, you're successful. You can monetize your channel again." Okay. All right, YouTube. So, here's how we actually win this thing. The basic idea behind an appeal video is that you're trying to explain to YouTube why your content is transformative. Okay. Well, hold on. This is actually a different word. Let me um Okay. You're trying to explain to YouTube why your content is transformative. Now, this is niche specific because how you transform ranking content is different from how you transform commentary content. You understand? Like in commentary, there might be a voice over. There might be more cuts and zooms. And in ranking, for example, there might be more sound effects, transitions, maybe a voice over before the clips, etc. So, I'm going to give you the appeal script I use, but I can't just tell you everything to say because you're going to need to use your brain, your two brain cells, and you're going to need to put it together specifically for your channel. Now, when you get hit by this, don't panic. Relax. I know a lot of people panic when they get hit by this. Even when I got hit by it, I was a little bit like, "What the?" I wasn't panicking. I was more so annoyed. But don't panic. If you rush your appeal and you create a bad appeal, then you could lose your ability to be monetized on the channel. So, don't panic. If you need to let it sit for a couple days, make sure you don't rush anything. This content reuse policy for 99% of people is more of an inconvenience than something that's going to kill their YouTube career forever. Obviously, it helps if you know for a fact that your content is transformative. Like for me, for example, I know that commentary is allowed. I know it's transformative. I know I do things that make it transformative. I'm 100% sure the appeal will be accepted if I take all the steps necessary and I talk about it in my appeal. But if I'm rushing the appeal, if I do it within like 15 minutes, then your appeal has more of a chance to be denied and you have less of a chance of being able to be monetized again. So take this seriously. It has definitely a lot of gravity behind it, but I do think it is pretty simple to beat. Now, I think it's important to go through what reuse content is. And this is actually going to help you make your appeal video better because you're going to want to cross reference your appeal video with some of these points to signal to YouTube that your channel does not fall under reused content. So, YouTube says reused content is content that is not clearly your own original creation. It may already be on YouTube or another online source and have no added significant online commentary, substantive modifications, or educational or entertainment value. So, some examples of content that could be flagged as violating this policy, compilations or clips edited together with little or no narrative, short videos compiled from other social media, and these two right here, you can see why ranking videos may get hit with this a lot more, collections of songs from different artists, content uploaded many times by other creators without significant commentary or editing, promotion of other people's content, content downloaded or copied from another online source without any substantive changes, and we'll get into that a little bit later. Content that gets views from mostly non-verbal reactions to your videos without added voice commentary. Now, when you get strike, you're going to want to appeal by video. And so, some important aspects of this video is that it should just be a video. It should be less than five minutes long. You're going to upload it as an unlisted video. You're going to upload it to that channel that you're appealing from, and you're going to speak in a supported language, which shouldn't be that hard, unless some of you guys are speaking like Latin or something. Then, in the video, you're going to want to include the URL of your channel within the first 30 seconds of your video. They say to refer to the program policies. It says to make sure you address specific parts of the policies and give examples of how your channel follows the guidelines. You're going to focus on the channel as a whole, not just individual videos because one video could be good and one video could be bad. And you're going to provide visual examples of how your content was created, showing how you edited or filmed the content and try to connect with you showing your video appeal to other content on your channel. And you can show yourself in the video, show how your content was edited, etc. So now this is the script that I actually used. I'll probably paste it in the description cuz it's kind of all over the place on this whiteboard thing I got set up. But here's the appeal script. Hi YouTube. My name is whatever your name is and I own the channel whatever it is. And then when you and then when you say this, you're going to in your editing program, you're going to show your channel URL on the screen as well as as well as make a little text box on the screen and just pop that up. So in my case, it would just be this. And I left this on the screen for like 10 to 15 seconds while I was showing that I own the channel. And then I quickly refreshed the tab, showed that I had access to YouTube Studio and I had access to all the videos. Then I said, here's the channel URL and here's proof I own it. Keep in mind, I'm doing all of this pretty quick because the appeal video needs to be under 5 minutes and majority of the time is going to be spent talking about why your videos are transformative because you don't want to yap too much. I'm making this appeal video today because my channel was recently notified that it was ineligible for monetization due to reuse content. So, I wanted to make this video today to explain my editing process of how I make my videos transformative and show you why this aligns with YouTube's content reuse policy. I think the best way to show you guys how I do this is by showing you step by step how I make a video transformative. But before that, I want to quickly go over the reuse content policy so that way it's easier to see why this content is monetizable. So basically what you're doing is just spelling it out for these people. Now, I went directly to YouTube's program policies and I saw this reuse content section. And keep in mind the reuse content policy applies to your channel as a whole. So under this, it says what is allowed to monetize. Since I'm doing commentary, I zeroed in on this bullet point under what is allowed to be monetized. That said, edited footage with audio and visual effects on top of the video's reuse content that demonstrates substantive editing and shows it's unique to your channel. And you could talk about all these edited footage from other creators where you add a story line and commentary. Oh, this is pretty important. I should probably say this. This whole time I'm using a webcam. So, use your phone webcam, use whatever. You're going to edit this video together. When you're just talking, you're going to be the person on the screen, but when you're showing them something, you can pop that up on the screen. And then when you're showing them the editing process, you can put yourself in a webcam in like the bottom right or bottom left corner. You know, make sure they know you're a real person. Okay. Now, if your content is actually not transformative and you're not actually doing any of these, like you're not adding and you're not adding any audio or visual effects, then yeah, that might be a little bit tough. But nine times out of 10, you guys add some form of audio and visual effects and edit videos to create a story line, a narrative. Even with ranking, you're creating a story line because you're talking about, you know, top 10 best cheese pool moments or whatever you're talking about. and you're basically taking videos and you're compiling them to create a narrative. Bonus points if you add like a little bit of commentary here and there with captions, then you're set. You're good to go, my boy. But, so I referenced the program policies. And then I referenced what is monetizable. And then I said some examples of things that aren't monetizable is clips edited together. And then I said some things that aren't monetizable. And again, I just get this from this content that violates this guideline. Clips edited together with no narrative content used without any substantive modifications. and content that gets views from mostly non-verbal reactions without added voice commentary. And then you kind of make your case. So before you show them how you edit your videos, you're just going to say, "I'm going to be arguing my case that my content does fall under monetizable policy because I edit footage with audio and visual effects on top of my on top of the videos reuse content that demonstrates editing and shows unique to my channel." Tell them which point of this you're going to be arguing. If you have multiple, that's fine. But you're basically just trying to make a delineation from this stuff that isn't monetizable to this stuff that is monetizable and explaining why you're in the monetizable section. And now this is how I edit my videos to make sure they're in line with the reuse content policy. So now this is when it gets kind of channel specific. So I said to make my videos where I give commentary over videos online. I don't just rip off the video from someone else because that wouldn't be transformative. Again, you're saying to them, you're letting them know that you know what is transformative and what is not. If you're doing ranking videos, for example, um to make my ranking videos, I don't just rip videos off from people online and put them together and call it a day. That wouldn't be transformative. So instead, what I do is I take all the clips together, add the story line, add the text, add a mask, add a blur, add transition, sound effects, etc. That's for ranking. So, so I take the original video and write a script about it. This is an example of a script that I wrote out for this video, and I show them on the screen, uh the script that I wrote in the Google doc. Then I do the audio voice over, and you can do this with 11 Labs. It's fine. It's not a big deal. Just drag in the audio voiceover. You don't even need to show them that you generated it. And in 11 Labs, it has a voice over. AI voiceovers are fine. Just drag in the audio voice over to your editing software. And then you cut it up. I showed them how I cut it up. Uh, so it's fast-paced and perfect for audience retention. Then it comes to actually editing the video. And this is where I cut up the video as well as use zooms. And I'm just doing this to match the voice over to the video so the audience sees what I'm talking about. And while I'm doing that, I'm I'm showing on the screen how I cut up the video as well as sections where I use zooms and showing them that editing process as well as matching the voice over to the video. You know, just show the reviewer what you're talking about. That's all. Then I went back to my channel like as a whole. I went back to like this section. I said the videos on my channel are always cut up and usually I'm pulling videos from several different sources. And then I showed them one video I did where I put like six different videos together to make one commentary video. But even if you're not doing that, it's fine. you know, just say the videos on my channel are always cut up and I'm pulling videos from different sources constantly. That's why every single video on this channel has a different original video and I'm not just taking videos from one person. I'm the whole theme of my channel is fitness. The whole theme of my channel is funny moments and I edit all the videos like this and you show them that. Then I said while I'm editing I add sound effects like pops and visual effects like arrows to show what or who I'm talking about in the video. This is editing that shows it's unique to your channel and it's video and audio effects on top of the video's reuse content. Um, in this specific video, I had to add a mask to blur the captions on the screen. So, you could say that if you do that. Again, this is all like channel specific, but this is just an example of something I did. Then, I'll always add a song that I think fits the background because usually the original clips have different or no music. Then, I'll export this, go to a different editing software where where I can add subtitles so the viewer can follow along. At this point, I stopped for a second while I was doing the subtitles, the captioning for the video. I stopped and I told them and I can't even show you guys everything that I do fully because these videos take me hours every day to make since I respect your time. I don't want to go over 5 minutes. So, I can't show you guys everything. But these are just some of the bullet points that I hit on while I'm editing all these videos. Now, this is important I think. Um, so then I said, "So, the original video looks like this." So, I grabbed the source video or you can grab, you know, if you're doing ranking, just grab one of the videos, play it through. This is how the original video looks like. And then after my editing and transformation, the video will look like this. and I played like another 10 seconds of my video to basically show that I changed the background music. I added audio visual effects. I, you know, essentially did everything in this monetizable section right here. I added captions. It's just a completely different piece of content than the original video. And this should be pretty starkly different. Like there should be quite a contrast here. So, make sure that it is the case because if the original video almost looks the same as like the edited video and the transform video, then you didn't clearly didn't transform it that much, right? Showing you my editing process. I think it's clear that I've transformed both the audio and video effects of the original clip, demonstrating substantive editing, which would make me eligible for monetization. Again, we're just driving home whatever point you're using here. We're just driving home how this falls under this this bullet point. Um, if you want to, again, you can always uh contrast like the content that violates this guideline. You should you could say like showing you my editing process. I think it's clear that I've transformed uh both the audio and video effects of the original clip demonstrating substantive editing in contrast to it just being a short video that I compiled from other social media websites because I transformed it. You know what I mean? Then I went full screen again uh full screen webcam. Thank you for your time and patience as well as giving me a chance to appeal this. It means a lot to me as YouTube is my job. I take a lot of pride in transforming these videos as it takes me hours each day to make these. Thank you for your time and have a great day. That's what I did. I took one day to gather my appeal script and make the video. Uploaded it the next day. submitted it to YouTube. Within 24 hours, my monetization was reinstated and we are back to making money on that channel. Super simple. This doesn't need to be something that's crazy. Just make sure that it's under 5 minutes. Make sure you cut out all the fluff, all the silence, all the dead space in the video. You want to make sure every sentence is leading you to your next point or serves some sort of purpose in the video. I think my video ended up being like 4 minutes, 20 seconds or something like that. And just make sure you include everything that they want you to include, all the four steps that they want you to include in the video. Think about and really think about your content. If you got hit with Roblox, if you got hit with reuse content on a Roblox video, is that your original gameplay, right? That could be a vector in which you push to show YouTube, you know, like this is original content. Think about your content. Think about everything that you do. How you add captions, how you add transformation to the video. Any of these things, sound effects, visual effects, cuts, zooms, how you source the videos. If you have to go through TikTok, even that is worthwhile. Don't spend too long on these things, you know, because the video has to be very short. But make sure that you're actually showing all the steps to your process and stressing that, you know, you usually do much more, but you only have a couple minutes here to tell them what you do. And unless your content is something that's like totally unmonetizable and you're just actually like reposting other people's videos, I think like eight or nine times out of 10, if you have a good appeal video, you'll be straight. So, with that being said, I hope this video helps some of you guys out. Yeah, like I said earlier, I don't want to go super deep into it. I got a lot of like pain and health issues I've been dealing with. So, obviously, I don't know the upload schedule of this channel. I know that this is something that I've had many, many people ask me how to beat this. So, I figure I might as well put this on the channel, you know, for the future. Give people a video that they can reference. This is everything I know. Of course, if you guys know anything in the comments, go ahead, drop it in the comments. Um, help each other out, you know, that's why we have this community. Help each other out in the Discord. Help each other out in the comments. You know, we want to create a community of people that have a support group to make their YouTube videos. So, I hope all of that makes sense. Um, let me know if you guys have any questions and uh, yeah, hopefully I'll be uploading a little bit more, although it is kind of rough, so bear with me. But I love all you guys. You know, we got the best community in the game. So, love you guys. I hope this video helps some of you guys out and peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneyboymaxx [14 likes]: Apply for 1:1 mentorship here: https://go.shortsmaxxing.com/5fa01d10

JOIN The Mentorship Waitlist ➡ https://t.me/+cFg2miEkjUVlMjAx
JOIN My Free Discord Community ➡  https://discord.com/invite/JvjdJEb2pP


also if you guys have any tips on how you personally beat the reused content policy claim go ahead and leave a comment below and help out others too!
  2. @arkas1006 [2 likes]: i really do wanna appeal, but im wondering if its even worth trying to appeal, cuz i think i was hit with the reused content claim bc i have some movie scenes and some roblox creator showdown styled shorts

idk if i'm supposed to just tell yt "i make roblox content using capcut, and i get creative inspiration from that platform and to make content about it", bc they want me to explain literally all my vids, not just the ones that follow policies. do u have some advice by chance? if not then its fine, i'll try my best and not rush it
  3. @Danelye [2 likes]: I’m not gonna lie I’d rather re-apply then Appeal
  4. @ViralShortssss [2 likes]: My channel is def not getting approved 😂😅
  5. @dferreira6169 [1 likes]: I dont think i have a chance because i was doing my own videos but not geting alot of views but then i remixed the videos with green screen but i had one specific video that hit alot of views so i just made a bunch of the same videos because it gave me a ton of views so idk of someone can tell me if i still have a chance or should i just retry and do it all over again
  6. @inshorts909 [1 likes]: Great video Man!
thx
  7. @User63918: Hey bro do you recommend to use our own face too?
  8. @udhyogkhadka: How to remove reuse content sir
  9. @TrendKick1: 🎉🎉🎉
  10. @BeastlyChuckles: I need your help bro my content is not monetizable even when I show my face? What am i doing wrong?
  11. @funnytolo: thank u very much for the video appreciate you brother blessings
  12. @triggeredlivemoments: Before appeal should I rename my videos because the name of my videos are hashtags
  13. @MrShiba_YT: Hopefully I can get it remonitized took a while to get it monitized 😢
  14. @Danelye: Happen to me
  15. @juumbp_: Do I have to show face
  16. @hayati0007: bro i cant figure out whats the problem with my content man
  17. @katseye4u: heyyy, i just applied for monetization for the first time and got denied due to reused content: i was thinking about appealing, but idk if i should. are my videos transformative enough, and if not, what videos should i delete?? thank u
  18. @Kenryujiro: If anyone see this comment i just wanted to ask if my videos is transformative enough to get over youtube's monetization policies
  19. @santanfemi: Thank you bro I just got remonetized you genuinely just saved my 1k🙏
  20. @Manpreetkaur45678: hey is it a good practice to private all my reused shorts, so i originally created a channel based on romance story telling, but later i started uploading couple shorts on it, due to which i received a notification about termination of my channel due to reused content, so i was wondering if before appalling to recheck my channel i private all the risky videos, it wont be suspicious right or a wrong move right? i will really really appreciate if you reply, it will mean a lot to me as i dont have enough time left to appeal

- How To Avoid Copyright Claims on YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en-US Copyright claims suck. But how&nbsp; bad are they for your channel?&nbsp;&nbsp; And what do you need to do if you get one? I’ve received dozens of questions&nbsp; about copyright in the last few months,&nbsp;&nbsp; like this and this and all of these. And I thought, “Hey, maybe I&nbsp; should make a video about this.” Luckily, all these questions, and more,&nbsp;&nbsp; can be solved by understanding&nbsp; the basics of copyright law. In the US, when you create&nbsp; something (music, video, books,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc.) it is technically copyrighted&nbsp; as soon as it is in physical form,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you can’t easily enforce that copyright&nbsp; without registering it with the government. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; creators, either on their own or with help from&nbsp; lawyers, register their copyright with the US&nbsp;&nbsp; Copyright Office. This is where YouTube comes in.&nbsp; YouTube has a database of audio and visual content&nbsp;&nbsp; that they check every video against to see if&nbsp; it uses someone else's content. If it does,&nbsp;&nbsp; you get a copyright claim or strike. But&nbsp; how do they decide which one you’ll get? Copyright Claim: When a video uses copyrighted&nbsp; content without proper authorization,&nbsp;&nbsp; the copyright owner can decide to make a claim on&nbsp;&nbsp; the video. This doesn't necessarily&nbsp; mean the video will be taken down. Instead, the video might remain available&nbsp; but with restrictions, such as ads running&nbsp;&nbsp; to benefit the copyright owner or the video&nbsp; being blocked in certain territories. But,&nbsp;&nbsp; a claim doesn’t negatively&nbsp; affect your channel's status. This is why you will sometimes see&nbsp; channels post copyrighted content,&nbsp;&nbsp; without being taken down. The&nbsp; copyright owner hasn’t filed a strike. Copyright Strike: Copyright Strikes are&nbsp; more severe than claims. If a copyright&nbsp;&nbsp; owner formally requests YouTube to take&nbsp; down a video due to copyright infringement,&nbsp;&nbsp; the video will be removed from YouTube, and&nbsp; the channel will receive a copyright strike. If a channel receives three&nbsp; copyright strikes in 90 days,&nbsp;&nbsp; the channel will be terminated. No questions&nbsp; asked, do not pass go, do not collect $200.&nbsp; If you’ve received a copyright strike,&nbsp;&nbsp; avoid posting any content that could&nbsp; get another strike for the next 90 days. But Silas, how do I avoid copyright&nbsp; claims and strikes? Haha, great question. Here are 5 Ways to Avoid&nbsp; Copyright Claims on YouTube: 1. Use Original Content: The most straightforward&nbsp; method to avoid copyright claims is to only upload&nbsp;&nbsp; content that you've created from scratch.&nbsp; This includes video footage, music, graphics,&nbsp;&nbsp; and any other elements. If everything in the&nbsp; video is original and you possess the rights&nbsp;&nbsp; to all aspects of the content, the risk&nbsp; of copyright claims drops significantly. 2. Utilize Royalty-Free or Licensed Music: If&nbsp; you wish to use music that you didn't create,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are many platforms like the YouTube&nbsp; Audio Library, Epidemic Sound, PremiumBeat,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my favorite option Artlist.io,&nbsp; that offer royalty-free or licensed&nbsp;&nbsp; music for creators. When using such&nbsp; platforms, always follow the licensing&nbsp;&nbsp; guidelines. Some tracks might be free to&nbsp; use but require you to credit the artist. 3. Seek Permission: If you want to use&nbsp; copyrighted material, always seek written&nbsp;&nbsp; permission from the copyright owner. This&nbsp; could be for music, video clips, photographs,&nbsp;&nbsp; or any other copyrighted content. Having&nbsp; written permission can help if the copyright&nbsp;&nbsp; owner ever decides to file a claim or strike. 4. Fair Use Consideration: In some situations,&nbsp;&nbsp; using copyrighted content can be considered&nbsp; "fair use." This is a complex doctrine in&nbsp;&nbsp; U.S. copyright law that allows limited use&nbsp; of copyrighted material without permission,&nbsp;&nbsp; for purposes like commentary, criticism, news&nbsp; reporting, education, parody, and more. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; just because you believe something is "fair use"&nbsp; doesn't mean YouTube's automated systems (or the&nbsp;&nbsp; copyright owner) will agree. If you're relying on&nbsp; fair use, it's wise to consult with legal counsel,&nbsp;&nbsp; and remember, fair use is a defense&nbsp; in court, not an automatic right. 5. Stay Updated and Respond Appropriately:&nbsp; YouTube's Content ID system automatically&nbsp;&nbsp; scans uploaded videos against a database of&nbsp; files that have been submitted by content&nbsp;&nbsp; owners. If there's a match, the copyright owner&nbsp; is notified and can decide what action to take.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you believe a claim is made in error, YouTube&nbsp; provides a system for you to dispute the claim. It's crucial to be aware of the claims&nbsp; on your videos and respond appropriately,&nbsp;&nbsp; either by disputing the claim, seeking a license,&nbsp;&nbsp; or editing/removing the copyrighted content.&nbsp; But be careful that you have a legitimate&nbsp;&nbsp; reason to dispute a claim, or you could get&nbsp; additional penalties against your channel. There are a few misconceptions about what&nbsp; content you can use that I want to clear up,&nbsp;&nbsp; before you get hit with another claim. YouTube&nbsp; lists these three reasons as NOT legitimate: Giving credit to the copyright owner, Owning a&nbsp; copy of the video or song, and Choosing not to&nbsp;&nbsp; monetize the video. Additionally, saying, “no&nbsp; copyright infringement is intended” is another&nbsp;&nbsp; poor excuse that won’t protect you against&nbsp; copyright claims. Other common myths include: • You are fine to use less than 30&nbsp; seconds of a song or video (nope)&nbsp; • If you alter the copyrighted&nbsp; material, you can use it (nope)&nbsp; • If it’s for educational&nbsp; purposes, it is always ok (nope)&nbsp; • Publicly available content is always&nbsp; safe from copyright claims (nope) Shakes head (nope). Fair use isn’t always as straightforward&nbsp; as you would like it to be, and lawyers&nbsp;&nbsp; study for years to make sense of all of&nbsp; it. So, as an individual YouTube creator,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes sense that it can be&nbsp; confusing or overwhelming at&nbsp;&nbsp; times. What makes all of this even more&nbsp; confusing, though, is YouTube shorts. When posting YouTube shorts, there are exceptions&nbsp; to some of these rules, but also additional rules. If you want to use a popular song&nbsp; that you don’t own the rights to,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can usually find that song in the&nbsp; YouTube shorts audio library. So you&nbsp;&nbsp; CAN post videos with popular music, BUT&nbsp; only if you create the short using the&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube mobile app. If you create the short&nbsp; using something like CapCut, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might still get a copyright claim on your&nbsp; video, even though the song is allowed on YouTube. I know… it’s confusing. The same is true if you want to sample&nbsp; another YouTube creator's video. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; use the Remix feature on the YouTube mobile&nbsp; app to share part of their video as a short,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you download their video, do your own edit,&nbsp; and re-upload, you may receive a copyright claim. Disputing a Copyright Claim So, what do you do if you&nbsp;&nbsp; receive a copyright claim for content&nbsp; you have the rights to share? Easy,&nbsp;&nbsp; you dispute it. This happened to a client I&nbsp; work with just the other day. They purchased&nbsp;&nbsp; some stock audio and added it to their&nbsp; video. But, as soon as they uploaded it,&nbsp;&nbsp; they received a copyright claim. Luckily, the&nbsp; site they purchased the song from provided&nbsp;&nbsp; license information, that we were able to pass&nbsp; along to YouTube to get the claim removed. Now, you may have received a Copyright Claim,&nbsp;&nbsp; but DON’T have the right to use the content. If&nbsp; that happens, you have a few different options. You can accept that it happened, and move on&nbsp; with your life. You can trim out the segment&nbsp;&nbsp; where the content exists. You can replace the song&nbsp; in YouTube Studio (which doesn’t always work great&nbsp;&nbsp; when your video also includes someone talking). Or&nbsp; you can choose to mute that portion of the video. Using copyrighted materials without permission&nbsp; can lead to claims, strikes, or even legal action&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond YouTube's platform. So, at the end of the&nbsp; day, the surest way to avoid copyright claims&nbsp;&nbsp; and protect your channel is to post original&nbsp; content. What other questions do you have about&nbsp;&nbsp; copyright claims? Let me know in the comments&nbsp; below, and we’ll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OzkAltBldgCo [6 likes]: I left the light because you're straightforward in your message even if I don't like your message I believe that copyrights are basically restricting freedom and the awesomeness of enjoying incredible music that should be available for anybody's video they're making.
  2. @garretreed9709 [4 likes]: YouTube, I want to be more like TikTok also YouTube you can’t use any music
  3. @WhisperRoom-l5s [3 likes]: I always receive a copyright notice about my short beyond 60 seconds. How do I fix this?
  4. @victorsahni2071 [2 likes]: As a YouTuber myself with the copyright claims lessons. It's a good and smart thing for me making YouTube shorts videos about my best favorite DC, Marvel and Anime Superheroes for example for me putting the pictures in the videos as slide shows. I always use original speed, sped up, slowed, super fucking, mega and extremely slowed reverb songs in the YouTube shorts music library that are always copyright free and that way anytime I post the shorts I love about my best favorite DC, Marvel and other fictional characters for example. I never get copyright claims.
  5. @Quickpickzz [1 likes]: O
  6. @Yanoss1313 [1 likes]: Easy fix, don't use copyrighted content in your shorts... Not that hard
  7. @IslandTides [1 likes]: Why can't I edit the short and change the song they said had a copyright claim on it?  And HOW does one find the copyright owner to even get permission!!??
  8. @RookKnight [1 likes]: I got a strike even though I accessed the music from YouTube audio library, all while using the YouTube short mobile app. Make it make sense 😢
  9. @alinaonrepeat [1 likes]: Hmm... I'm posting dance tutorials on YT. But I can't really come up to the company and ask if I'm okay to use their audio, can I? I'm new to all this, hahah. It's a little confusing...  My channel recently got monetized as well, so I'm really trying not to get striked :/
  10. @maremasyt2 [1 likes]: As a monetized channel, isn’t it better not to use music from the YouTube Shorts “Add Music” library — because that way I receive 100% of the creator revenue (i.e. 45% of the total pool, after YouTube takes its share), whereas if I use copyrighted music from that library, my 45% is further split with the music rights holders?
  11. @BearMooZaure [1 likes]: Thanks RED 11, YOU ROCK ! Have an amazing day and all the guys in the comment section !! :))
  12. @AdongoDorothy [1 likes]: Please thank for sharing
  13. @-oo6696: Hello,
I got an issue and the issue is my channel for freeze a long time ago but after some time it froze down 😔👎🏻 idk what's the reason but I got demotivated and stopped uploading shorts as I always used to do but one week or two week ago i again got views as I can say my channel was no more freezed but was working fluently buttt again I'm having the same problem I'm getting confused wtd??PLS HELPPP😢
  14. @SaltedPotatos-b1i: I’m thinking of starting a shorts channel and all the other YouTubers I’ve seen use (copyrighted)music in their short videos I’m seeing a bunch of people who says that they’re getting music from YouTube and still getting copyrighted.
  15. @ukcomputerworks: That's confused us. Created shorts using capcut then selected the audio using the youtube app but we've received copyright infringements resulting in blocked videos.
  16. @Elina_coverage_account: i like edit on pc and im just a kid who is 11 years old i like making animations but the big problem is that i use trending songs for my videos and shorts im now using the youtube audio libary for my vids but not my shorts cuz there are many trends and stuff and mostly is animations or gaming i use clipchamp if i knew how to get the video in my phone i would probably do that or the lazy me is gonna just post it right away from the pc

EDIT! : before u ask me how i post shorts from pc the short answer is -> ratio :P   in clipchamp there like this ratio thingy so u can like size it to a short and youtube automatically makes into a short
  17. @ojishbharti: D
  18. @Ghazoo99: pretty much all viral shorts have that trending music behind them. How to avoid the claim in that??
  19. @TheTominator07: Just got a claim for football clips, how do I overcome this
  20. @Lil_Emilyy: I have a question. So, two of my shorts have a copyright claim on them (The first Morning Matcha one and the Eye drawing one) 

Both songs came from YouTube, and I can use from the YouTube library. Though, I edited them into my video without using the YouTube library. Should I dispute this? 


Also, I hope to post video game related content (kinda like my Animal Crossing latte one). A lot of people post Nintendo content, but how would I be sure to avoid copyright or do what I need to to avoid a claim/strike?

- YouTube Is Deleting AI Channels in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en 2 weeks ago, a channel called Screen Culture got absolutely nuked from YouTube gone, vanished. 404 error, where a million subscriber empire used to be, their crime, making AI generated movie trailers that trick people into thinking they were real. 1 billion views, poof, deleted. And here's the scary part. They're not alone. YouTube just dropped their Q3 2025 report. And listen to this number. 7.45 million channels terminated. 7.45 million. That's more channels than the entire population of Bulgaria. Gone. Just gone. Now, I'm not telling you this to scare you. Okay, maybe a little, but mostly I'm telling you this because I've seen way too many creators, good creators, honest creators, making stupid mistakes with AI that are getting them flagged, demonetized, or straight up banned. And the worst part, most of them have no idea they were even breaking a rule. So, in the next 10 minutes, I'm going to walk you through these seven AI mistakes that are absolutely destroying channels right now in 2026. And more importantly, I'm going to give you the exact checklist to make sure you never end up as one of those statistics. Oh, and stick around to the end because mistake number seven, that's one catching everyone off guard. Even creators with millions of subscribers are getting hit by it. Let's get into it. All right, so before we dive in, let me quickly explain why YouTube suddenly cares so much about AI. See, back in 2023, AI content was like the wild west. He could slap together a video with chatp scripts, 11 labs voiceovers and midjourney images. Upload five of those bad boys a day and watch the cash roll in. Some people were making six figures with faceless channels. It was beautiful. It was easy. It was also completely unsustainable. Because here's what happened. YouTube got absolutely flooded with what they call internally AI slob. I'm not making that term up. It's actually what industry insiders call it. Loweffort, repetitive, robot sounding garbage that was drowning out actual creators. And then July 15th, 2025 happened. That's when YouTube dropped the hammer with their inauthentic content policy. And since then, it's been a bloodbath. So, let's make sure you're not the next casualty. >> Mistake number one, using AI voiceovers without adding human personality. This one's killing more channels than anything else right now. Here's the thing. YouTube doesn't actually ban AI voiceovers. That's a myth. What they ban is content that feels, and I quote, robotic or lazy. Let me paint you a picture. There's a channel, I won't name them, that was posting daily videos titled stuff like top 10 quotes about life and most powerful motivational speeches. Each video was the exact same formula. AI voice, text on screen, zero personality, upload, repeat. They got demonetized faster than you can say 11 Lab subscription. But here's the twist. There are other channels using the exact same AI voice tools that are still fully monetized. What's the difference? Human fingerprints. See, YouTube's algorithm. And yes, there are actually humans reviewing this stuff, too, is looking for evidence that a real person actually cared about making this content. That means personal commentary woven throughout, opinions and reactions, jokes or stories or tangents. Your own voice layered in, even if it's just for intros and outros, editing that shows thought and creativity. The checklist item here is simple. If you remove the AI voice and read the script yourself, would it still feel like you made it? If the answer is no, then you've got a problem. Quick story. There's a creator named Steven Bartlett. And you probably know him from Diary of a CEO. The guy uses AI tools constantly. Scripts, editing, research, all of it. But you know what else he does? He shows up. His voice, his face, his personality. The AI is the assistant, not the replacement. And that distinction is going to save your channel. Okay, moving on. >> Mistake number two, forgetting to disclose realistic AI content. All right, this one's a little technical, but please pay attention because it's where most creators get tripped up. Since 2024, YouTube has required you to check a little box in YouTube Studio that says altered or synthetic content whenever you use AI to create something that looks realistic. The key word there is realistic. You do not need to disclose using chat GPT to write your script or using AI for auto captions, color correction or beauty filters, obviously fake or animated content, using AI for brainstorming ideas. What you do need to disclose is deep fakes or face swaps of real people. AI voice cloning that sounds like a real person. Synthetic footage of real places or events, making someone appear to say something they never said, fake new style content about real events. Here's the nightmare scenario. You create a whatif video showing what would happen if a tornado hit New York City. You use AI to generate realistic footage of buildings getting destroyed. It looks incredible. You upload it. You don't check the box. YouTube's detection system flags it. A label gets slapped on your video that you can't remove. And if you keep doing this, strikes, demonetization, YP suspension. I've seen channels lose their entire income over this. The checklist question. Could an average viewer mistake this for real footage? If yes, check the box. When in doubt, disclose. YouTube has literally said that overdisclosure is better than underdisclosure. Moving on to mistake number three. >> Mistake number three, batch uploading templated content. Okay, raise your hand if you've ever thought about starting a faceless channel because some guru told you it was passive income. Yeah, me too. We've all been there. But here's the reality check. YouTube's inauthentic content policy specifically targets what they call mass-produced or repetitious content. Translation. If you're uploading videos that are basically the same thing with slight variations, same format, same music, same structure, just different words, you're playing with fire. And there was a channel called Stories Told that was making videos about animals. Different video titles, different animals, but every single video followed the exact same formula. AI voiceover plus slideshow format, and that's it. That pattern got flagged by YouTube's detection system. The algorithm is smarter than you think. It's not just looking at individual videos. It's analyzing your entire channel for patterns. Too much repetition, red flag. Same template over and over, red flag. upload schedule that seems humanly impossible. A red flag. The fix here isn't to stop using AI. The fix is to actually be creative. Mix up your formats. Change your editing style. Add segments. Tell different types of stories. Show that there's a human brain behind the upload button, not just a script that runs on autopilot. You know what's funny? The channels that are thriving with AI right now are the ones that use it the way professionals use any tool. Like a carpenter doesn't let the power saw make all the decisions, right? The saw makes the work faster, but the carpenter still designs the furniture. The same thing here. AI makes content creation faster. You still need to be the carpenter. All right, we're halfway through. These next four mistakes are where things get really interesting. >> Mistake number four, assuming AI generated content can't be copyright claimed. This one's a doozy, and I see creators get burned by it all the time. So, here's what happens. You use an AI music generator, brev, sunso, whatever. And it spits out a perfectly good background track. You think, "This is AI generated. It's unique. There's no way this can get claimed." And then you upload your video and bam, copyright claim from some company you've never heard of. What gives? Here's the thing nobody tells you. AI music generators are trained on existing music. Sometimes, and this is still being figured out legally, the AI creates something that's a little too similar to copyrighted material. Maybe the chord progression is too close. Maybe the melody triggers a match in YouTube's content ID system. And here's the kicker. AI generated content currently can't be copyrighted in the US because there's no human authorship, so you can't even defend it as your original work. I've seen forum posts of creators who got claims on AI music that they generated themselves. And when they tried to dispute it, the claim got rejected because they couldn't prove ownership. The checklist here, use AI music platforms with clear commercial licenses. Keep records of everything you generate. When possible, layer in your own modifications. Add your own drums, change the key, add human elements. Consider using established royalty-free libraries as a backup. Better safe than dealing with a copyright strike that could nuke your monetization. >> Mistake number five, the impersonation minefield. >> Mistake number five, using AI to clone real people's voices or likeness. Let me tell you about the Mr. Beast situation. In 2023, deep fake ads started popping up everywhere. AI generated versions of Mr. Beast promising people free iPhones for $2. Elon Musk sharing crypto tips. Tom Hanks promoting dental plants. None of it was real. All of it was AI. And YouTube went nuclear on this. Under the new rules, if you create content that makes a real person appear, to say, or do something they never actually said or did, you're in violation. Period. This includes AI voice clones of celebrities, deep fake face swaps, synthetic performances, putting real people in fake situations, even whatif scenarios that are realistic enough to mislead. And before you say, "But I'm just doing a parody," let me stop you right there. YouTube has said that parody and satire can be protected, but only if it's obvious that it's not real. If there's any chance a viewer could be confused, well, you're in trouble. The creator world is already seeing this play out. Remember those fake movie trailer channels, Screen Culture and K8 Studio? They were using AI to splice together fake trailers for upcoming movies. Sometimes their fake trailers were ranking above the real ones in search. YouTube terminated both channels. Combine 2 million subscribers, over a billion views, all gone. The checklist. Never clone a real person's voice without explicit written permission. If you're doing any kind of celebrity content, make it obvious, satirical, or fictional. Always disclose when you're using AI to depict real people. When in doubt, just don't. Use fictional characters. Create your own personas. Here's a wild stat for you. YouTube removed 7.45 million channels in just Q3 of 2025. That's the most recent quarter. And over 97% of those removals were done by automated systems. That means a robot is deciding whether your channel lives or dies. And robots don't do nuance. They don't understand. But I was just making a joke. They just see the violation and then push the button. Something to think about. >> Mistake number six, the misinformation trap. Mistake number six, creating AI content about sensitive topics. All right, this is where things get really serious. YouTube has a list of what they call sensitive topics. Things like health, elections, natural disasters, finance, and ongoing conflicts. When you create AI content about any of these topics, you're under a microscope. Here's why. Misinformation in these areas can actually hurt people. Fake medical advice can kill. Fake election news can undermine democracy. Fake disaster footage can cause panic, so YouTube doesn't mess around. If you use AI to create realistic content about sensitive topics, and you don't disclose it, you don't just get a little label in the description, you get a big prominent warning label slapped on the video player itself. And that's if you're lucky. There was a channel, True Crime Case Files, something like 83,000 subscribers. It was posting AI generated videos narrating murder stories as if they were factual. One video described a crime in Colorado that never happened. Local news outlets started getting calls about it. Panic, confusion. YouTube removed the entire channel. They did not demonetize it. They removed it. Gone. The checklist. If you're covering news, health, politics, or finance, extra caution with AI. Always discools AI use for sensitive content. Better yet, show your face and your credentials. Fact check everything, even if AI wrote it. Consider whether your content could cause realworld harm. AI doesn't know the difference between fact and fiction. It will confidently make up statistics, quote people who never said those things, and describe events that never happened. It's your job to catch that before you hit upload. >> Mistake number seven, the scale trap. >> Mistake number seven, trying to scale faster than a human could. Okay, here's the one thing that's catching everyone off guard, even for big creators. You know what makes YouTube suspicious? Impossible numbers. Let me explain. YouTube systems are analyzing upload patterns. If you're posting three to five videos per day, all following the same format, all around the same length, all produced at the same quality level, well, that raises a red flag because no human can actually sustain that. And here's the sneaky part. It's not always immediate. Sometimes channels will cruise along for months making money, building subscribers, thinking everything is fine, and then suddenly, boom, manual review. A human looks at the channel and goes, "Wait, there's no way one person made all this. This is automation, demonetization, or worse." The channels that survive are the ones that look human, not just in their content quality, but in their upload patterns, their engagement, their growth curve. Think about it. If you started a channel yesterday and somehow you're uploading daily highquality content, YouTube wonders how. If your team is supposedly just you, but you're outputting more than a studio, YouTube wonders how. The checklist. Quality over quantity. Always keep upload schedules reasonable and sustainable. Show evidence of human involvement. Behind the scenes, bloopers, personal updates. Engage with your community in the comments. Let your channel grow at a pace that makes sense. Remember, YouTube wants you to succeed. They want good creators making good content. They just don't want robots flooding the platform with garbage while pretending to be human. >> Bonus. The real secret nobody talks about. >> Okay, so now you know how to stay safe. You've got the checklist. You're not going to get flagged. But here's the thing. Avoiding mistakes only keeps you in the game. It doesn't make you win. And if you have a YouTube channel that's not growing or you're thinking about starting one, there's something you absolutely need to understand before anything else. The most important thing about making your videos go viral is not your editing. It isn't your thumbnail. It isn't even avoiding these seven mistakes. It's your idea. Let me show you what I mean. Look at Mr. Beast's channel right now. Look at these titles. I spent 50 hours buried alive. 214 million views. 456,000 Squid Game in real life. 631 million views. I counted to 100,000. 248 million views. The guy literally counted to 100,000 and got a quarter billion views. Why? Because the idea was so insane, so curiosity provoking that people had to click. And here's the brutal truth that nobody wants to admit. If your video isn't strong enough, no amount of editing, no amount of visuals, no amount of anything will save it. People don't click because your video looks pretty. They click because of curiosity. They click because they need to know what happens. That's why Mr. Beast spends weeks on ideiation before he ever presses record. Weeks just on the idea. And this is where most creators, myself included, for a long time get completely stuck. We spend days, sometimes weeks, trying to brainstorm viral ideas. We stare at a blank page. We look at what's trending. We try to reverse engineer successful videos. And most of the time, we come up with, well, mediocre stuff. Because getting legendary viral worthy ideas is insanely difficult. So, I built something to solve this. I created an AI tool that helps you generate viral ready video ideas. And I want to give you access to it for absolutely free. Let me show you exactly how it works. When you log in, you land on a dashboard that looks like this. Think of this dashboard as a radar for viral ideas. Scroll down a little and you'll see a list of popular niches already loaded into the system. Gaming, tech reviews, fitness, cooking, finance, and a whole lot more. But here's the part that I love the most. If you don't see your niche, it doesn't matter. You just type your own. Let me show you exactly what I mean. Say my niche is Chat GBT side hustles, which obviously isn't listed here by default. So, here's what I do. I go to custom niche. I type Chat GBT side hustles and I click generate viral ideas. Now watch this. I wait a few seconds and boom, the money ideas appear. On your screen right now, you'll see multiple viral video ideas. Each one comes with a virality score. These aren't random ideas pulled from thin air. These are money ideas. Look at idea 1. Seven chat GPD side hustles you can start today. Virality score 90%. That means this title already matches what people love clicking, watching, and sharing. Now look at idea three. Top five shocking ways ChachiPD helped me earn $10,000. Virality score 92%. That is insanely high. And this isn't theory. I literally tested this exact idea on my Think Verse AI channel. I tweaked the title slightly, uploaded the video, and it crossed 70,000 views in just 28 days on a channel with barely 7,000 subscribers at the time. That is the power of starting with the right idea. And if for any reason you don't love the idea it generates, you don't have to brainstorm. You don't have to overthink. You just click regenerate and the tool instantly gives you more viral ideas. What I personally do is simple. I copy all the ideas with 92% plus virality scores. Then I pick the highest scoring one because higher score is equal to higher probability of YouTube pushing it. And that is it. No guessing. No, I hope this works. Just probability in your favor. Now, for a very limited time, I'm giving you access to this viral idea generation tool for absolutely free. But not for long. I built this for my own channels. And honestly, I wasn't planning to share it publicly. But I know how frustrating it is to put hours into a video only to have it flop because the idea wasn't strong enough. So, here's the deal. If you want free access to this software for a limited time, just check the description or first comment of this video to get instant access. I will personally send you access to my viral idea tool and create your login credentials myself. And that is it. Free access. The same tool I use to generate viral ideas for all my channels. But look, I need to be real with you. I can only handle so many DMs. And once this gets too overwhelming, I'm going to have to close this down or start charging for it. So, if you're watching this right now and the offer is still live, don't wait. Don't bookmark this for later. Don't tell me you'll do it tomorrow because the difference between a video that gets 500 views and one that gets 500,000 views, it starts with the idea. And now you got a tool to get those ideas handed to you on a silver platter. Look, AI isn't going anywhere. It's only going to get more powerful, more accessible, and more tempering to abuse. But here's the thing YouTube said that I want you to remember. AI is just a tool. Your creativity is what matters. They're not trying to stop you from using AI. They're trying to stop AI from replacing you. And honestly, that's a good thing because the creators who are winning right now, the ones building real audiences, real income, real careers, they're not the ones trying to automate themselves out of the picture. They're the ones using AI to be more creative, not less involved. So, use the tools. Use Chat GPT for research. Use AI for editing. Use text to speech when it makes sense. But never forget that the reason people subscribe, the reason they watch to the end, the reason they come back is you. AI can't be you. Don't let it try. That's the video. Now you know how to avoid getting flagged. And you know how to get viral ideas that actually get clicks. Look, if this helped you, smash that like button. It tells the algorithm this content is valuable and helps other creators find it, too. Subscribe if you want more stuff like this. And don't forget, if video to get instant access. I'll personally send you the access link. But seriously, do it now. I don't know how long I can keep this free, and I don't want you to miss out just because you forgot. Drop a comment below and let me know what's your biggest question about using AI on YouTube in 2026. I read all the comments, and your question might become the next video. >> See you in the next one, and go get that software.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NatuChrist [38 likes]: 🤯 every “YouTube is deleting channels” wave reminds me how risky platform dependence really is, I learned that lesson the hard way. I felt like I was building on sand. When I found viral wave mastery (by Victor Hale) it finally clicked that YouTube should be traffic, not income. Built one digital product, automated the backend, let content feed it. First month like 9k, now hovering 17k–26k and policy changes don’t ruin my sleep anymore. Hope this helps someone diversify early
  2. @geekbotai [12 likes]: 🚀 GET FREE ACCESS TO VIROSCOPE AI (My Viral Video Ideation Software):
👉 https://tryviroscopeai.com

⚠ WARNING: Free access may close in 24 hours due to overwhelming demand. If you're seeing this, you're still in time — but I can't promise how long I'll keep it open.
  3. @The5000archivist [1 likes]: Oh yes ! Please ! Get us rid of AI channels ! So that channels like mine, produced with much sweat, can flourish !
  4. @luborty [1 likes]: Great video bro 👏🏽
  5. @DeniseleeO9: Are you using an AI video to discuss this topic 🧐🤣 Also are they gonna crack down on all of the AI commercials selling products or products that aren’t what they say they are or scamming. I doubt it
  6. @pinoyhalo-halochannel7451: No creators are not safe now.. Youtube will falls soon
  7. @AIMoviesAnimated-p6s: I want access to viral idea generator
  8. @thurairaj3135: Its quite unfair if AI is blocking AI generated content.
  9. @Kryos-lattice: Where these channels warned? I feel banning a channel without any clear warning is completely unfair
  10. @joehuber252: WHAT?! NO! NO! NO NO! YOU CAN’T BE SERIOUS!
This one YouTuber, I ”LOVED” their AI content! I just yesterday looked at my playlist and LITERALLY “EVERY”! SINGLE! ONE OF THOSE VIDEOS! EXCEPT FOR “ONE”! JUST POOF! GONE! NO! THIS 
”CANNOT” BE HAPPENING!!!!! Vincent Belgab (or however you spell it), I 
”LOVED” HIS VIDEOS, and now all of a sudden, EVERYTHING just POOF! GONE!!!!!
😨😨😨😨😨
😭😭😭😭😭
  11. @FaithWithAnne: I have a rosary channel where I post the Holy Rosary daily. Unfortunately, my channel was demonetized for inauthentic content. I tried to appeal, but it was rejected. I know the structure of the rosary is repetitive as it consist in repeating prayers multiple times. How can I get monetised again? Of course i removed all my rosary videos now.
  12. @Risalah_tube: I got this message last night and Im so mad after all the hard work they demonetized my channel for Inauthentic content wow?? can someone please help? what should i do ? And how to appeal ?
  13. @alinachka77: Q, what about animal rescue stories. They are made with ai. If you put voice-over it will kill how ppl see the videos. Ive seen so many channels only use ai and not get banned. Why are those channels still out there?
  14. @JohnJakson-i3w: hilarious, an AI slop video warning AI slop butchers to tone it down a notch so that the AI slop tsunami can continue awhile longer if they just admit they are making AI slop
  15. @NazarPavlov-p3v: I like your content
  16. @АлекСашка-ч2ы: 😬 this kind of title used to send me straight into panic mode because I relied way too much on platforms behaving nicely. I remember building AI channels, seeing views grow, then fearing one update could wipe it all out. Watching videos like this gave me anxiety not clarity. Not usually commenting but when I stopped depending on YouTube to pay me directly everything changed. I found Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale through a quiet group and first month around 10k shocked me even with the same AI content. Now I’m doing 20k–28k months and deletion rumors don’t scare me anymore, leaving this here quietly
  17. @Reekraam: Very interesting content
  18. @ТатьянаЛарина-п3к: Very useful
  19. @DrLauraRPalmer: Trust me, it’s NOT YouTube who woke up and just decided to ruin it for you and other creators, it was your fellow creators who ruined everything. 
It’s always some fool that teaches others to be fools too, that ruin everything for every one. People always ruin a good thing. Always. 
So enjoy whatever you like for as long as you can bc it won’t be that way long due to a highly incompetent fellow fool in the crowd determined to ruin a good thing. 

Speaking of, this very video is doing the very thing I’m speaking about. Several Ai channels being pushed by the same person im sure promoting some Ai tool at the end in hopes you click. Yet using the same template format, same Ai voice over and same style topic. I keep seeing it but it’s a different channel. So these channels are Ai content farms here ruining the experience and soon shifting the way youtube does business with creators.
  20. @ehsanelahi926: My car restoration channel demonitize due to inathentic content 😭😭😭

- YouTube Shorts - Do Thumbnails Really Matter?: Kind: captions Language: en thumbnails i just noticed like a week or so ago that youtube changed the layout of shorts on our channels that now they really stand out and even when you play them on desktop how they play differently now somebody said they play like tick tock so or thumbnail's a thing or not for shorts ah no yes i think it just depends on how you're using them i think i know that like jeremy vest who's like a thumbnail like pro and he does like he was working with braille and stuff he says nothing else is waste it doesn't matter but again because of how i'm using it for search i i use them i need them there for repurposing for blogs and social and showing up on google and stuff like that so it's just different shelly you were a quick no though why is that well a couple reasons if you're trying to maintain a channel aesthetic and you've got playlists and stuff like that absolutely thumbnail it up in fact i've done that on some of them but i sat in youtube has these community round tables with shorts creators which i'm part of and this question comes up a lot like should i spend time on these thumbnails and they're like no because it surfaces so few places and i think they knew all the different ways that it would show especially in some of these desktop changes and like you've seen like so few people will surface it because it's only going to be seen if they come to a lot of the time the desktop mode anyway which isn't even always the case anymore so it's now it's your channel view page and your playlist things across the board like we wouldn't advise that you spend too much time on it anyway so no [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @PaulPeck [2 likes]: A lot of my best preforming Shorts have thumbnails. I do see that some of them have a good percentage of views coming from Browse. So maybe that’s where a custom thumbnail comes into play. But, I don’t use them every time either. I do wish the shorts system would get better a picking vertical thumbnails though…😅
  2. @strict.standards [1 likes]: In order to maintain our picky 'aesthetic', we choose to use thumbnails. This helps us keep video-content in sync and organized throughout various platforms. The question for us; is should we be formatting our thumbnails for vertical, such as an Instagram Reel Thumbnails (example)-- or would horizontal be best advised? It appears tricky, trialling some horizontal thumbnails, they don't seem to sit as we enjoy when viewed in a Shorts Thumbnail. 

Thank-you for your great advice in such a timely manor. Great video!
  3. @ColePerrine [1 likes]: Thumbnails always matter. Whether or not everyone thinks they're useful - choice is always a necessity. The fact that YouTube has been dragging their feet on such an integral feature is getting irritating. If they want me to use their new format, they need to support it and the desires of the user. The whole "we don't think it's useful so you must not either" mentality kills a lot of wanted and loved features on this site too often. I haven't ONCE had a short pick the thumbnail I want it to, and it looks like garbage on my channel. One time, I used a very short Avengers clip for the joke and YouTube decided the thumbnail should be The Hulk???? And I just can't change it because someone else said it's not useful?
  4. @KevinKolbe: Watch the entire conversation here: https://youtu.be/FMG19UVSoS0
  5. @FranksWorld1: 99% of my shorts views are by unique viewers.  Thumbnails should not matter… only the algorithm decides who sees it… I believe the algo does not analyze/interpret the thumbnail image as a deciding factor… am I mistaken?
  6. @KevinPondMeditation: Some of my shorts barely hit the shorts shelf, but they do get a lot of 'suggested video' impressions... so I assume having a custom thumbnail would help to convert more of those impressions. Or am I getting confused? :)

- The Importance of Thumbnails: Kind: captions Language: en Thumbnails are super important, guys. And I’m not talking about the ones that entice you to click on our videos. I’m talking about these thumbnails. Because when you’re an animal with thumbs, sometimes claws just won’t do. And some animals only have nails on their thumbs, because they’re just that helpful. But exactly how you and I&nbsp; started growing thumbnails, or any nails really, is still a mystery. So let’s dive into what&nbsp; scientists have uncovered so far. [INTRO] Let’s start with a bit of Nail 101. The Latin name for a nail is an ungula. Not to be confused with unguis, the general term for any kind of&nbsp; thing protruding out of the digits: claw, hoof, nail, et cetera. And claws, nails, and hooves&nbsp; do all share some basic parts. For example, they all contain&nbsp; a protein called keratin, which gives them their toughness. But nails are unique because they feature a flat&nbsp; plate of keratinized skin that sits on top of a digit and&nbsp; then kind of juts out from there. Hooves are a little special in their own way, because most of the animal’s&nbsp; weight is bearing down on them. Because of that, the plate grows at an angle and wraps around most of the tip of the digit. It also means the keratinized&nbsp; bit has to be thicker. And claws? Well, if you’ve ever been unfortunate enough to be at the receiving end of a cat swipe, you’ll know they’re longer,&nbsp; and more compressed than nails. For the purpose of this video, we’re going to stick to just nails and claws… which thanks to their different forms,&nbsp; are better suited for different tasks. For example, since they’re pointy, claws are great for grabbing a thing and helping that thing rest&nbsp; in the hand…paw…whatever. If you’re a predator, that “thing” might be prey. If you’re something like a sloth, it could be a fat, bark-covered tree branch. But nails might be a better&nbsp; option if you want to be stealthy. Why let claws loudly scratch up that tree branch… risking your prey hearing you before&nbsp; you’re close enough to strike… when you can evolve much quieter nails? And speaking of branches, if the ones you keep reaching for are so slim you can wrap your digits around them, then claws are a pain in the butt&nbsp; because they’ll dig into your palm. Or should I say pain in the leg,&nbsp; because Hank tells me butt is legs… Whether or not what I just said has&nbsp; got you curling your own fingers into your palm right now, try touching something with your fingertip. Our nails can also help make&nbsp; our fingertips more sensitive, because they give the skin under&nbsp; the nail something to push against. This extra sensitivity also makes handling&nbsp; and manipulating small objects easier. But let’s get back to these guys . You probably already have an&nbsp; inkling that having a thumb digit… also known as the pollex…is super handy. Especially an opposable one But it turns out some animals might get similar&nbsp; benefits from having just the thumb nail. In 2025, a team of scientists retraced the&nbsp; evolution of thumbnails in one very particular, but also very massive, animal group: rodents. If it surprises you to learn that rodents&nbsp; have thumbnails, you wouldn’t be alone. Even other scientists have&nbsp; kind of dismissed the rodent&nbsp;&nbsp; thumbnail as a vestigial or non-functional unguis. And that’s partly because the&nbsp; rest of their digits end in claws. It’d be weird to have one&nbsp; unguis for all your fingers and a different unguis for&nbsp; just your thumbs, right? Well, this research team dove into the Field&nbsp; Museum’s massive collection of rodent skins, and looked at 433 different&nbsp; genus groups to catalogue which rodents actually had thumbnails. They also noted where all these&nbsp; rodents preferred to live… like in trees or underground… as well as whether they used their&nbsp; mouths or hands to handle food. From there, the team could&nbsp; reconstruct a family tree to see how and when thumbnails&nbsp; popped up in evolutionary history. It turns out a whopping 86 percent&nbsp; of rodents have thumbnails… at least of the ones sampled. But they all likely shared a&nbsp; thumbnail-wielding common ancestor. As the descendants of that ancestor evolved into the many different species we see today, sometimes that thumbnail turned into a claw… and sometimes it was just lost altogether! After all, sometimes thumbnails&nbsp; might be less helpful than a couple more claws. For example, most rodents with&nbsp; thumbclaws live below ground where they’d need to dig. But there are a ton of rodent species, from squirrels, to beavers, to&nbsp; everyone’s favorite, the capybara. They’re the most abundant kind of mammal, found in all sorts of habitats around the world. And according to this research team, thumbnails may have had a part to play in that. Specifically, because they provided&nbsp; access to a super exclusive food source. Nuts are chock full of energy, but&nbsp; getting at that energy is a challenge. Opening and eating them requires&nbsp; a good amount of dexterity. So if you evolve yourself some&nbsp; thumbnails to improve your dexterity, you might be able to access&nbsp; nutrients your neighbors can’t. And if you’re hankering for nutrients right now, it’s a great time to grab some, because it’s time for an ad break. This SciShow video is supported by DeleteMe, the hands-free subscription service&nbsp; that removes your personal information from hundreds of data broker&nbsp; and people search sites. DeleteMe works to keep your&nbsp; personal information personal and reduce your risk of identity theft, scams, phishing&nbsp; attempts, harassment, and doxing. And not just your info. DeleteMe has been the leading expert in personally identifiable information removal for over 15 years and was recently named&nbsp; the #1 data-removal service by Wirecutter. So /lots/ of people trust them. Like our executive producer,&nbsp; Nicole, who just signed up! And said they got to work&nbsp; removing her info super quickly. They’ve already reviewed over 900&nbsp; records and begun removing them. Plus these privacy advisors are real&nbsp; people available for custom requests and help when you need it. Just use the QR code on screen&nbsp; or go to joindeleteme.com/SCISHOW and use promo code SCISHOW at checkout. You’ll get 20% off DeleteMe US consumer plans. Alright, so rodents probably started out with&nbsp; digits rocking mostly claws and two thumbnails. But what about primates? What about me? Did humanity also start out with&nbsp; just one thumbnail on each hand, and then somewhere along the line&nbsp; swap everything else to match? Well, it’s complicated. Like many of our rodent friends, many living primates also&nbsp; have an odd-one-out digit. Although in our case, that&nbsp; digit is on our hind feet… which for primates with actual&nbsp; hands, are just called feet. That arrangement might sound weird to a human, because all our digits have nails. But some New World Monkeys only&nbsp; have nails on each big toe, a.k.a. the hallux. The rest are claws. Meanwhile, Madagascan lemurs are&nbsp; rocking kinda the opposite setup. Most digits on their hind feet end in a nail, but the toe next to each&nbsp; hallux has a specialized claw. They use it for cleaning themselves, so humans call it a grooming claw. So what did the ancestor of all primates have? And how did humanity’s&nbsp; “oops all nails” come about? We don’t know. One hypothesis says primates&nbsp; started out with mostly claws, which came in a variety of shapes and helped us scurry up thick tree branches. Then, as they started to use their palms more… for moving objects around&nbsp; and eventually using tools… those claws broadened and flattened into nails. However, in a paper published back in 1999, one research group concluded&nbsp; the ancestor to modern primates had already lost all its claws&nbsp; except for the grooming claw. They argued that early primates&nbsp; probably lost the deepest, hardest layer of their claws, which meant the claws were less&nbsp; strong and the tips could be worn away as primates moved around more on the ground. Then in 2018, a paper building off that work&nbsp; tackled the evolution of that grooming claw. The study looked at animals called omomyoids, a group of early primates&nbsp; that kinda looked like a mix between lemurs and tarsiers. Researchers think that as very early primates evolved more developed big toes… specifically, big toes that could&nbsp; help them climb more easily… their second toes were freed up for other uses. And since keeping parasites off&nbsp; yourself is a good way to stay healthy, grooming claws might have been one of those uses. So around 56 million years ago, our ancestors were probably&nbsp; rocking nails and one claw. Then, as some primates became more&nbsp; social and could groom each other, they swapped that claw for another nail. And if you’re something like a titi monkey, you became too solitary and had to&nbsp; re-evolve a grooming claw to DIY. So scientists have these sort of snapshots&nbsp; of what primate claws or nails looked like at different times. But it’s still not clear exactly how… or even really when… we went from a diversity of claws,&nbsp; to potentially just a grooming claw, to the nails we have today. For now, the best idea we have is that&nbsp; somehow claws became a disadvantage, either because our ancestors&nbsp; weren’t climbing thick tree trunks, or were spending more time on the ground. We might not know exactly&nbsp; how our thumbnails evolved. But if you want to check out the&nbsp; evolution of SciShow’s thumbnails, you can go explore that for yourself. [ OUTRO ]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SciShow [12 likes]: Get 20% off DeleteMe by going to https://joindeleteme.com/SCISHOW and use code SCISHOW to protect your privacy!
  2. @DickJohnson-fk7vs: She is so hot. ❤😂
  3. @JaimeMarquez-w4o: ‘Daisy dukes’
  4. @JaimeMarquez-w4o: Daisy dukes
  5. @JackClawson: Hi there, I have NPS (Nail Patella Syndrome) a rare genetic disorder which one of the symptoms is that my thumb nails doesn't grow
  6. @TheFJ61: Okay how many people are examining their thumbs right now 👍
  7. @7of9: We will probably evolve to have permanent gel nail polish.
  8. @7of9: Kitties and their murder mittens!
  9. @antuanbrown4350: Now what about toe nails
  10. @brewingtea1: "Be sure to give this video a Thumbs Up"

Missed opportunity 😉
  11. @zolacnomiko: How did I never know rodents had thumbnails. This is exciting information! The zoomed in images on their tiny little thumbs kinda weird me out. XD Uncanny valley sort of thing.
  12. @jamesboyd7757: Hank Greene for some nutrients 😂
  13. @astrophile...: She's gorgeous ❤
  14. @Frostvampv: The reason why finger nails are so important? It cant be because nerves run through hands and feet and need a way to be protected
  15. @f_u_n_k_y: The Killer Folk from All Tomorrows are depicted as having a thumb with a large claw and nails on their fingers
  16. @f_u_n_k_y: Madagascan Lemurs literally evolved their own combs
  17. @megamanx466: I think we have thumbnails to go with the rest our nails which were designed for digging in non-hard soils to get at food sources or even water underneath. Our nails seem rounded for this. 
I concluded this because I used to dig in the dirt & then clay in the arid southwest U.S. as a kid to make tunnels & such. 😅🤷‍♂
  18. @MsAwyeah: HANK GREEN FOR SOME NUTRIENTS
  19. @jacklandismusic: 3:09 So a museum can have a collection of rodent skins and it’s fine, but I collect rodent skins and I’m a freak? What a double standard jfc
  20. @ikeekieeki: fun and interesting video, thank you

- The New Thumbnails Dominating YouTube in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en So today I've got something quite important that I need to show you. 2.1 million views, 3.3 million views in 6 months. And this one, 2.9 million views, and it's only been up for 3 weeks. If you're stuck wondering why your small channel isn't getting any views, even though you swear you've done everything right, I've got some bad news for you. You might be making 2024 style thumbnails in a 2026 YouTube feed. Yeah, the rules have changed and have changed that fast. So, our team has spent the last few weeks researching what viewers actually click on right now on YouTube. And we found 11 styles that are absolutely dominating. So, by the end of this video, you'll know exactly what to test next, what works in your niche, and how to do it. So, let's start with the biggest shifts. All right. So, the first thing I want you to do is bring up the YouTube homepage right now. And don't worry, I can wait a few seconds. All right. Now that you've done that, tell me what you see. Most likely arrows, circles, huge, big fonts, big bright colors. Everybody basically right now is yelling to try and get your attention. And it's overwhelming, isn't it? And then out of all of that chaos, an oasis appears. Plain white background, one object, nothing else, and your eye is drawn straight towards it. This is neomminimalism and it works because it acts as a visual rest stop that draws your eyes towards it. When over 90% of thumbnails look the same way on YouTube, when something new and different comes along, it's disruptive. So, if you want to style this one out yourself, here's what you need to do. You want to keep to one subject and you want to make at least 50% of the thumbnail completely clear. It's what we call negative space. two colors maximum and stick to clear, easy readable fonts if you even use it. And either go with a pure white background or muted monochromatic colors. High contrast is really your friend in this one. This very style of thumbnail is probably what made you click on this video because we've been testing it out here at Vid IQ for a couple of months and the results, well, they speak for themselves. They've been quite encouraging. I've been saying this for years at this point, but when it comes to thumbnails, you want to make them half as complicated as they currently are. and less in this case is very much more in winning a click. However, there is an important caveat here and this will extend to all of the thumbnail strategies we're talking about today. They are going to have a certain amount of shelf life. Right now, this neo minimalism style thumbnail works because it's different. But in 6 months time when everybody is copying it, it's going to be less effective. Obviously, like videos themselves, trends go up and down as attention shifts. Now, this is why it's always a good idea to get an overview of the YouTube thumbnail landscape before you actually publish your video on the platform. To help you do that, Vid IQ is a very handy thumbnail preview tool to test how your minimal design might actually look in the feed surrounded by all those other thumbnails. And that's because context matters. What looks good in isolation might not stand out in the real YouTube world. All right. So, neo minimalism is all about stripping everything down to its core. But what if you need to show scope? That is where the surround style comes into play. Yeah. How amazing does all of this look when comparing free editing software or trying seven new hobbies or testing 10 new products? Your eyes naturally go to their face first and then explore everything around them. This style of thumbnail captures your attention immediately, but then demands a few extra seconds as you look around the image and you become more and more invested in it. So, here is how to make all of this work for you. Put yourself or the main object dead center in the thumbnail. And then organize your products, your objects, your elements in an organized circle or grid around that central point of focus. And the key word there is organized. Because while there may end up being a chaotic number of objects on screen, it is controlled chaos. The mistake people often make with these styles of thumbnails is making them just a little too cluttered. If I, as a viewer, can't identify those objects at thumbnail size, then you as a creator have lost the effect. This style of thumbnail works particularly well for product comparisons or I tried every X type of content, testing videos, collection showcases, basically anything where the quantity or variety is part of a value proposition of a video. So you can see it here working in literally every single type of niche. And we do have another little tool here that can help you delve deeper into thumbnail research. With the Vid IQ browser extension installed on any video watch page, just click see more thumbnails and we'll pull out more images that match the style or have a similar look from within the same topic that have performed well. There's a link in the description if you want to start using that and the thumbnail preview tool right now. But what if you're not comparing things and instead you're ranking things? Well, that brings us on to our next thumbnail style. Okay, this next style of thumbnail is fascinating because it does something relatively new which is rare in the YouTube thumbnail space and it's really specific to color psychology. Now, this rainbow style of thumbnail works because your brain sees a full spectrum of color and associates it with completeness. But here is what creators have done to make this even more effective. Rather than it just being an aesthetic of the thumbnail, they've turned the colors into a ranking system. Now, people love frameworks. They love to be able to rank things in different categories. Which level should this thing be at? Do I agree with where the creator leveled this thing? It is encouraging engagement. And some may argue engagement bait if the creator is intentionally being controversial with their choices. This thumbnail style originated in the gaming niche with character rankings and tier lists, that sort of thing. But now we're starting to see it everywhere, ranking AI tools, movies, even YouTube creators themselves. It's even kind of jumped its own shark by ranking ranking systems, if you can figure that one out. So, let's think about how we can execute this thumbnail style for your channel. You'll need three, five, or ideally seven different topics to talk about in your video. And then you'll want to apply a color gradient. Red through blue works best because it's intuitive. Then you'll want to add some numbers to reinforce the hierarchy of the rankings and try and keep the base images consistent throughout. And you want to do that because what's going to differentiate these images is the colors. Now, a fair warning for you all at this point, this style of thumbnail may attract controversy in your video. When you're ranking people and putting things in tier list, you are intentionally saying that one thing is better than the other or something else is worse than all of the rest. And that is going to garner opinion from your community. And my guess is for that style of content, that is exactly what you want as a creator. Now, you'll be pleased to hear that there are more new thumbnail strategies in the rest of this video. But before we jump onto them, let's go onto some tried and tested ones, shall we? All right, then. First up in the thumbnails still work category, whiteboards. Handdrawn diagrams and frameworks etched out on actual whiteboards. And yes, this is a thumbnail that's almost as old as a platform itself, but they have stood the test of time. Look at these thumbnails. Every business type, how to make your first video made by yours truly. But beyond just how good I'm looking and how intelligent I am because I've got a whiteboard, here's the psychology behind them. When your brain sees a whiteboard in a thumbnail, it immediately categorizes it as highly educational content. You're not getting fluff, you're getting value. You're not getting a theory, you're getting a system that actually works. So, if you've got a system, show the system on that whiteboard. Just make sure that whatever is on that whiteboard raises curiosity, even if it doesn't make complete sense in the thumbnail. The beauty of this thumbnail style, a little bit like the minimalism one we showed you earlier, is that it works against thumbnail fatigue. When everybody else is using Photoshop to create something fancy or generating images that have that AI veneer, it's refreshing to whip out a whiteboard and some markers and do some doodling. whiteboard style thumbnails can have that magical quality that we call authenticity. And even to this day, we still see this thumbnail style crushing it in all sorts of niches. And if you want a few different examples of how this whiteboard or diary style entry works, check out Ali Abdal's channel. He's got tons of them there. And this is one of those rare circumstances in a thumbnail where the stuff on the whiteboard can be so chaotic that you can't fully take it in. What you're trying to emphasize here in the thumbnail is the value and the vibe, not necessarily the complete solution. And with this tried and tested thumbnail formula, the viewer has seen so many of them at this point that they understand the assignment. All right, that is whiteboard style thumbnails out of the way. Let's talk about another classic thumbnail style that still gets a lot of traction. We've got Twitter posts, Reddit comments, Instagram question stickers, Yelp reviews, but it's also Amazon listings, hotel booking pages, app store cards, price tags, certification badges. Basically, anything that looks like a familiar interface or a well-known brand. If we look at Alex Horos's thumbnail here, we've got the verification check mark, clean text. It looks quite familiar, right? And then there's a similar one from us and it kind of reminds you of social media, maybe Twitter when it was good. Seriously though, and this is a somewhat uncomfortable truth, our brain may trust a recognizable interface from a questionable brand more than a small creator's thumbnail on YouTube. When it looks like a tweet, it feels like it's been shared. And when it looks like a verified profile, it feels credible. Nothing necessarily about the information has changed, but the framing has changed. And framing changes perspective. In effect, you've borrowed the credibility of the interface. You're not just simply saying something, you're implying that the internet itself has already validated it. That is very powerful and also incredibly scary at the same time. So, if you do want to try adopting this thumbnail strategy, implement these three key techniques. match the UI interface you want to invoke as closely as possible. We're talking about the spacing, the fonts, the colors, and then add those recognizable elements, the logos, the check marks, the platform cues. And finally, use curiositydriven or controversial lines in your text. And as always with thumbnails, simplify them so they're straightforward and blunt. This is going to amplify the tension of the format that you use. Now, yes, I will agree that this style has been around for years and it still works. We should also tell you something important about the landscape of YouTube thumbnails. While trends do evolve, psychology remains fairly stable. All right, we've got one more classic to take a look at. Let's talk about text, baby. Let's talk about you and me. Let's talk about all the words, all the letters that may be. On a slightly more serious note, text on thumbnails has experienced somewhat of a glow up recently. For literally decades, text was seen as purely functional. But in recent years, we've started to see stuff like this. Three words, big, bold, direct. It's not messy. It doesn't have 12 arrows and five fonts on it. It was elevated, minimal, aesthetic. Text was no longer seen as functional. It was treated as design, and it still works today. But this year, text is becoming cinematic. Take a look at these examples. Have you noticed something? This text seems to live inside the scene. It's no longer at the top or the bottom of the frame in the corners to one side, so it doesn't interfere with the main subject. What it's doing now is sharing the same territory as the main subject of a thumbnail. This is where the predominant action happens in a thumbnail, and creators are intentionally taking advantage of that with text. And that color shift matters, too. That yellow feels modern, high contrast, really pops on a mobile device. But it also screams Gen Z energy. It's like a short film title card, not a YouTube thumbnail. And that is where the main difference lies. Last year's version was big headline, clear message, strong. The 2026 version is cinematic composition first, then text that feels embedded into the world itself. It actually interacts with the lighting of the image. It respects negative space. It feels very organic and very intentional. And here's why this works. In this environment, the YouTube thumbnails used to feel like ads and now they feel like stills from a Netflix television series. In this day and age, viewers are trained by streaming platforms. When they see cinematic framing, they see quality. So, when you combine that with the three words of tension, you get curiosity. But here is the important rule. If you're doing three-word bold punch text, really own it. Center it, make it dominant, keep it clean. But if on the other hand, you're going cinematic YouTube thumbnail 2.0, compose your shot first, then find a natural place and playfully place those words where they belong. And remember, three words, maybe four. All right, so we've seen text evolve from functional to minimal to cinematic. Now, let's talk about something that does the complete opposite and still wins. This next style is a little unsettling, and that's the point. Warped faces. Look at this thumbnail. Three faces of the same person. Or this one, two faces merged together, somewhat ghostly, double exposure. Your brain on seeing these thumbnails says to itself, "Hang on, there's something not quite right here." And that pause, that hesitation, that's the click. This style works because it's what's known as a pattern interrupt. You hit this and it stands out because it looks broken, glitchy, something is just off. And that is essentially why it works. That split second of confusion, that is a curiosity gap that your mind needs to resolve. Now then, this isn't just random distortion for the sake of visual intrigue. This warping usually reflects the tone and theme of the video itself. identity crisis, realization, duality, heavy topics, psychological stuff. And just look at these views. Huge outliers for the respective channels. However, as with all of these thumbnail strategies, we do have a little bit of a warning. This style has a certain tone. If, for example, you're making feel-good content about productivity hacks, then warp faces probably isn't the vibe you're looking for. I'd say this style is best used for self-improvement, commentary, harsh truth. essentially anything where the premise feels slightly uncomfortable. And you don't need much text, if any at all, in these thumbnails because that warped face is going to be doing a lot of the talking for you. But if you are going to do this, it has to look very, very intentional. So again, we're thinking about a clean blend, strong lighting, and because this style of thumbnail is very new on the platform, it stands out. All right, I think it's time for another thumbnail gear shift, and we'll cram as much stuff as we can into the image. Welcome everybody to the maximalist style, otherwise known as I own literally everything in this category. Here's my flex thumbnail. So, if you look at these, we've got SNES, cartridges, gameboys, controllers, all playfully placed around a center product. Every single item perfectly arranged. And that's the key. It does look chaotic, but it is in actuality extremely controlled. And that means it's visually satisfying to look at. This is a difference between the surrounded style thumbnails that we talked about at the very beginning of this video. With the surrounded style, the middle point of a thumbnail is a star with everything orbiting around it. But with maximalist thumbnails, the collection is the star. If you yourself are dead center in a thumbnail, you're actually secondary, if you're even in the thumbnail at all. This works because it appeals to a very specific part of your brain. That's the part of the brain that likes collecting things, organizing things, completing things. We've already talked about credibility. Well, this is visual credibility before you've even clicked. Now, I'd say this content is best for collector, community, hobbyist content. Tech and gaming, product comparisons, makeup, tools, fashion. Basically, anybody who wants to signal in their thumbnail. I have the complete set and I'm going to show you in this video. And now, I think we should transition from this organized chaos to a thumbnail adjacent style. As you can see, there's still a lot in the thumbnail, but this is more like a grid or an encyclopedia aesthetic. Every major religion explained, every political ideology explained, every human extinction cause explained, every generation explained, all of mathematics explained. It's the same structure every single time. And yeah, this particular video is asking the right question. Why is this everywhere all of a sudden? Well, other than the fact that these types of videos are landing hundreds of thousands of views for their creators every single time, it's another one of those brain things, and our brains love classifications. When you see all of these circles and squares lined out in a grid, you start to think to yourself, "Ah, this creator has done all of the hard work for me and organize this complex topic into something that they can explain in a single video." A good way of describing this is turning a Wikipedia page into a thumbnail for a video. I want you, the video, to explain everything to me in 10 minutes. Now, let's identify all of the design choices in these thumbnails so you get it right when you're making your own. They've got a flat illustration style with a consistent icon shape. Each circle is a high contrast, and you want to label each of these icons with one or two words, and make sure they're readable, even at a small size in a thumbnail. The background color itself is usually neutral, white, black, a solid color. The important thing is that you don't want that competing with the grid, which is the focal point. There's no shadows or dramatic lighting, no cinematic mood. This isn't supposed to be emotional. It's supposed to be informative, but it does have an aesthetic that is approachable and non-threatening. Even heavy topics in this category feel safe when the thumbnail is reduced to colorful, simple icons. And that is not accidental. All right, folks. Little disclaimer. Word of warning as we approach thumbnail strategy number 10. Some of these images are going to trigger you in a clickbaity way. I've been seeing these everywhere as I have done for many years, but they're just getting more and more I like to call candid fake. He snuck onto someone's private island whereas he built a hoveruit that apparently flies inches off the ground. And he's filming a movie in a swimming pool on a cruise. And as for her, she's camping on the Great Wall of China. So, here's the thing about these thumbnails. Some of this stuff probably kind of happened, but most of the stuff in those thumbnails definitely didn't happen. But it feels like it did. But it didn't. But it did. And that is the what you would call evolution of this style of thumbnail. We used to have quote unquote hyperreal thumbnails. oversharpened, oversaturated Mr. Beast Mega Smiles. But now that era is coming towards an end, perhaps because Mr. Beast made it so popular in the first place. It's been done to death at this point. Now it's more one engineered image that looks candid. It could be real. This looks a little bit more like you just happen to capture it in the moment. Even if it did require heavy photoshopping, even if it did require AI, even if the moment never existed in real life, this definitely for the target audience is believable fiction. And it's very powerful because it tells the entire story in a single frame. So, just look at what the thumbnail has managed to show you. Multiple story arcs in a single frame. You wouldn't really be able to capture this angle in real life, but they make it appear as if they have. It's not too AI that it puts you off, and it's not too polished that it makes it look fake. It is right in that sweet spot where the brain says to itself, "This looks fun. I want to see what's going on." For, and I must stress this, the intended target audience. And here is the biggest shift in this thumbnail style. It's the death of the classic accessories. No text, no arrows, no red circles. Instead, you're taking a photo and decorating it with graphics. You're creating a photo that should exist for your concepts. In other words, the perfect frame. I'd say this, it is the new standard for challenge creators, travel creators, lifestyle creators. What it's doing is replacing the over-the-top hyper realism for something that feels just a little bit more authentic, even though it is still just effectively a fake thumbnail. So, if you are going to go down this route, you probably do need some AI assistance. and be quite handy at a program like Photoshop. But the key here is restraint. You know how far you can go, but you don't go all the way to the edge. Make it look like you could have taken this photo if physics and geometry were just a little bit more cooperative. All right. From candid fakes to something a lot more simpler. So everything else in your feed is screaming colors, detail, energy. And then you hit a thumbnail like this. quiet, dark, serious, direct eye contact. It is what you might call the anti thumbnail. And in a weird way, it becomes the brightest image on the page because of how different it looks. And this type of thumbnail is also really powerful because of the way it's packaged. It makes things incredibly simple for the viewer because it removes risk. This video isn't asking for 10 minutes of your time. It's asking for a single minute. So, while it feels harmless, it's actually a massive commitment hook. And Dan Martell has been running this one really hard. 59 seconds, 58 seconds, 54 seconds. But each of them has millions of views with the same structure, the same dark background, the same serious face. As a result, other creators are taking this style and playing with it. Some creators are softening the image and using less aggressive fonts, or plain and simple, they're just having more fun with the subject. They're being more inviting with their pitch and yet these videos are still getting the same massive outlier scores. So, how do you execute on this style of thumbnail? Let's start with muted backgrounds and minimal colors. You want to keep the subject centered and simple text with a very specific time constraint. And let's not go for something exact. Let's make it a little irritating. Why 59 seconds? Now, I need to watch. We've looked at a lot of different thumbnails today, but the real takeaway is this. They don't work because they're pretty. They often work because they are patterns that can feel new and fresh in your niche. And that is perhaps the bigger game we are playing in 2026. Creators are winning a race by reinventing the thumbnail wheel. They're borrowing proven visual systems from other niches and then they're adapting them to fit their needs. That is the niche bending we talked about earlier. So, if you do want to know how to systematically borrow and adapt a format that works in a particular market and apply it to your niche without looking like a copycat, this is the next video for you. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [52 likes]: Which thumbnail style are you going to try next?
  2. @WomenGlow2 [1 likes]: thanks that helps
  3. @s.bowes.8124 [1 likes]: The moment I see a thumbnail using a generic formula (even a newer formula), I don't want to click it because I'll assume the content is also using a generic formula.

The bottom line is if you want to stand out from the very noisy crowd, dare to be different. If you act like a sheep, you'll blend in with the sheep.
  4. @Intr0v3rtedF1tne55Dad: Just notes for myself:
3:12 - (Surround style) for product comparison, i tried everything X, collection, testing products
4:56 - (Ranking)
7:10 - (Whiteboard) for educational
8:59 - (Brand) 
11:07 - (Text)
13:37 - (Warped faces) psychological, self-improvement, harsh truth, commentary
15:24 - (maximalist) product comparison, hobbyists 
16:52 - (everything explained)
18:43 - (candid fake) for travel, lifestyle, challenge
21:40 - (Anti-thumbnail)
  5. @RagdyAndy: those shittty fake ai fake truth thumbnails wil get a click and distliek and no watch at all!!!!
  6. @Spectrus_0: Appeal by noise not from its message.
  7. @Intr0v3rtedF1tne55Dad: Very informative video. All i can say is,  MORE MORE MORE! Keep us up-to-date on all these thumbnail trends. It definitely got me inspired. Creating thumbnails is an art and an aspect of content creation that really needs attention and studying. It's just frustrating how I put all this time into the content but no one clicks.

Couple questions:
1. Do you use a teleprompter because your speaking points were on point?
2. Do you think it's worth it to get the paid version of Canva? Let's say, if I had to choose between paying for Epidemic Sounds or Canva.
  8. @ዩኒክአካዳሚUniq: ጥሩ እውቀት ሰጥተከኛል ከልብ ነው የማመሰግነው
  9. @JaeBoogieBoogs: I’m drowning my CTR is terribly low thumbnails are my weak point… I can’t knock YouTube. They are trying to push the video, but nobody’s clicking. Ahhhhhh frustrating. Hopefully this video can help tweak something in my brain.
  10. @SnowyVixen990: I would love to try making a thumbnail that would help me
  11. @petramargrit-o5j: Oh wow, now as I just got the thumbnails, these are totally out of the order - now I have to go for it, otherwise it will become chaotic :face-blue-wide-eyes:
  12. @gaimingtime2023: When will YouTube let us add thumbnails to Shorts from a computer? Not just from a phone, and in every country—because the mobile app only supports this feature in certain countries. Do I not live in the right country?
  13. @Zodimate: My family is a fan of pineapple pizza, we always eat it
  14. @AtulSalunke-q8x: Best best insane information
  15. @christineelder-9193: Kara and Nate DID indeed do these cool things in China, just sayin'
  16. @Madskillsuniversity: 3 words...Great video VidIQ.  LOL
  17. @nathaliefiset5734: Fascinating video. Very well explained!
  18. @reinaldogomes8666: Why no thumb styles for stories? :(
  19. @gaowendy723: I actually can't get the style of Style 10. I notice a lot of big YouTubers are using it, but to me it still looks obviously fake at first glance and is full of gimmicky, weird vibes. So is this mainly for people who love watching weird, exotic travel content?
  20. @madgoatDOTcom: If I wanted to clone myself I would start with a better human rather than a better ai model ;)

- Why Are YouTube Thumbnails Important?: Kind: captions Language: en-GB - You spend a ton of time perfecting your videos, creating a script, getting your lighting just right, editing them beautifully. And it's all a complete waste of time if you've forgotten to also perfect this: your thumbnails. Your thumbnails are often way down the video production priority list. But creating great thumbnails is every bit as important as creating great videos. And I'm gonna explain why they're so critical in this video, plus I'm gonna give you my three-step formula for a thumbnail that can't fail. So, why do your YouTube thumbnails matter? Well, YouTube is a very visual platform and your thumbnail is basically your first impression. It's what's gonna stop people scrolling by, it's what will entice them to click Play. And it's what will make them actually watch your video. And if it doesn't interest them, doesn't intrigue them, doesn't make them want to watch, all of that time that you spent creating your video was a waste. Essentially, no thumbnail, no click, no watch. Okay, you get it. So, thumbnails are really important. So, what does it look like when you do it right? The best thumbnails just look enticing. They make it clear what you'll gain from watching the video, and they make it really hard for you to resist clicking the play button. So, take this thumbnail from marketing experts, Andrew and Pete. So, not only does it look bright, exciting, and fresh, it also promises something pretty much everyone is gonna say yes to. So, how do you go about creating engaging thumbnails of your own? Well, keep watching for my three-step formula. It's gonna help you create click-inducing thumbnails every single time. Step one is to think about your branding. So, YouTube is a pretty busy place these days so it can be a real struggle just to make your video stand out, which is where your branding comes in. So, your thumbnails are an essential part of your overall branding strategy. So, make sure you keep your colors, your fonts, and your style consistent. Viewers should be able to easily spot your thumbnail when they're browsing through the sea of competition on YouTube and just instantly recognize that it's yours. And if you're not sure how to write the perfect thumbnail text, stay tuned for my next step. And it's getting the text just right. So, finding the right words is one of the best ways to create a thumbnail that's hard to resist. So, just like Andrew and Pete, that we saw in their example, think about what the real benefit of your video offers. So, is it teaching someone how to work fewer hours, increase their subscribers, or house-train their puppy in a week? Whatever it is, make sure it's clear to your audience in your thumbnail. It's also worth thinking about what your thumbnail will look like when someone's viewing it on their phone. So, you want your message to be easy to read, you want your text to be short and snappy. Keep it, ideally, to about three or four words maximum. Now, step three, don't be shy. If you're comfortable with it, it's good to be visible on your thumbnail. Have your face on there and make sure that you're featured at the forefront of your design. So, a picture of you looking friendly and animated will encourage people who already know you to check out your video and it will be inviting for those people who don't know you yet either. So, you've put a lot of thought and a lot of time into creating great videos. Make sure you're actually getting the number of viewers you deserve by including a thumbnail that makes people want to click and watch. If you found this helpful, make sure you don't miss my next video by subscribing now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @clarejames2656 [1 likes]: Great tips!
  2. @NicoleOsborneWunderstars [1 likes]: Brilliant tips Natalie! I'll check out my thumbnails 🙌
  3. @kimwillis3831: Love this video so many good tips!
  4. @DeanReynoldsMusicMedia: Yay! Welcome back! We missed you!

- 36 PROVEN Ways To HACK The YouTube Shorts Algorithm!: Kind: captions Language: en - Do you feel like you're having trouble getting your YouTube Shorts to go viral? Whether you love them or hate them and you've heard us say this before you should be making YouTube Shorts today if you're trying to grow on YouTube. And this isn't just us saying this, this is coming directly from YouTube themselves. "Creators who are uploading both short and long form content are seeing better overall watch time and subscriber growth compared to those who are only uploading on one format." Well, hey, that sounds promising but if you're just starting out things could feel a bit daunting or confusing. You're trying to crack the code and get people to actually watch your shorts. And in fact, here at vidIQ, we're also trying to crack that very same code. And after studying hundreds of channels we think we have some answers for you. Beating the YouTube Shorts algorithm is possible but it is going to take a brand new skillset for those of you who are new to uploading short-form content. So it's time to take everything you know about optimizing a long form video and put it aside, because if you're trying to grow on YouTube Shorts, we're gonna talk about how this is gonna be a little bit different. With YouTube Shorts, you have maybe about three seconds or so to get them to stop scrolling and give the rest of your short a chance. And if they do give you a short a chance and the viewer watches the rest of it YouTube is much more likely to push that short to even more people. With that in mind, there is one thing you as a creator need to focus on whenever you make a short, and that is your hook. Your hook could be some text on the screen or something you do or say, or maybe even a sudden camera movement that somebody sees when they scroll to your short. So as we go through these today, actually let us know in the comments what are some hooks that you've seen on shorts that got you to stop scrolling? Everything you do in the hook of your short is all about raising curiosity. Now, normally you would use a title and a thumbnail to raise that curiosity, but with shorts you don't really have that opportunity. You kind of gotta think about it like acting out this title in thumbnail in a YouTube short in the first couple of seconds. You've probably seen some examples of this. One of them being, "Have You Heard About..." There's always the tried and true, "They don't want you to know." - Do you know about the Black Baby Test? No. Well, then let me tell you. - Have you ever heard of the Region-Beta Paradox? You might be suffering from it right now. - And something that works on me all the time is, "You've never seen anything like this." These type of hooks can work really well for any type of YouTube topic that you wanna cover and gain a new audience for. You're taking something that a person wouldn't otherwise care about and turning it into kind of an interesting factoid on YouTube Shorts. - This is a raw steak and this is me putting that steak into the dishwasher. Okay, trust me, check this out. According to MythBusters, dishwashers can get up to nearly 150 degrees. - Now everything you do on YouTube Shorts, is it going to need to apply to somebody who's brand new to your channel and perhaps brand new to your topic? Going forward, keep those viewers in mind as you record your shorts. Anyway, back to the subject of raising curiosity. You could get people to be curious about something that specifically happened to you, one of your own experiences. Something like, "This is the most amazing product I've ever seen," or "I would never do this and this is why." - I never buy silk." And this is the strange reason why. As a kid... - Just be careful not to give too much away in the first few seconds so people feel like they actually wanna finish watching the short. - This is the most powerful charger I've ever laid hands on. - And there's still a ton more examples to go through here for raising curiosity. "I was today years old." - I was today years old when I found this out. It took me 19 years to figure out news stands for notable events, weather and sports. Never knew that. - "Questions I get asked a lot." (upbeat music) "I asked Google." - [Man] I asked Google what the longest jump in history is. - "Three things I can do." - Here are three things I do before every flight, coming from a lawyer who travels six months outta the year. - I'm sure by now as a seasoned YouTuber or a YouTube viewer, or both, you know the importance of a call to action. We generally think of these for ourselves, right? When we're trying to get someone to leave a comment or subscribe or leave a like. But with shorts, a call to action can be the entire hook of a video. Something as simple as, "Try this." - Try this to get more views on your next YouTube short. - Or "You gotta try this." - You gotta try this with your phone. Put your speaker on your mouth like this. - Doing this gets people excited that they're gonna learn something new, maybe a new fact or new skill as long as they continue watching your channel. You could do this by opening with a different kind of question such as, "Did you know that?" - Did you know that this book is poisonous and this woman discovered it? - Hi, NASDaily. - Or maybe crazy facts. - Crazy body facts that you probably didn't know. Did you know that your brain generates enough electricity just by thinking? - You can also get people really thinking about things they wouldn't have thought of before. videos that start with "Have you ever wondered?" - Have you ever wondered what the most viewed YouTube video is? - We got "Let her go." Just Music, "Let her go." - Or by asking the question, "Is it possible to?" - [Man] Is it possible to feel high with pressure points? Well, according to this doctor - Let's shift gears a little bit though. What if your channel is about reviewing products? Well, you could keep it really simple and just compare two products, X versus Y. - Biggest smartphone versus smallest smartphone. Which one's actually more practical? - Or you could mention why you'd never try a product and that kind of negativity can get people to stop scrolling. - [Woman] Why I would never style my Maxi skirt like this and how I would change it. - If you wanna push a service or talk about things like fashion and makeup, you can educate your viewers on the dos and don'ts that they should follow. - [Woman] Dos and don'ts of coat shapes. Don't pair a perfect coat with proper shoes like loafers or a ballet flat. - Or simply how to do things themselves. - [Woman] How to create festive outfits if you're a minimalist. Try pairing some sheer socks or tights underneath our jeans to make them feel more evening appropriate. - Everybody wants to feel included. It's as if our brains are literally wired around FOMO. So include your viewers in your life and in your various experiments. For example, "Today we're gonna see." - Today we are gonna see how much water this Scooby-Doo can hold. - "I'm trying this so you don't have to." - I'm doing this so you don't have to. I've been hunting for the dumbest world record. - "Watch me." - [Woman] Watch me try to fix this squishy. It's in really bad shape. - "Today I'm going to." - [Man] Today I'm gonna find out if a big lighter really does burn for 55 minutes. - And we all know there's a trick that works for even long form videos, and that is to make a list. These generally keep people watching all the way to the end. And you can do this in shorts too. For example, seven best. - Seven tastiest smartphone cases. Starting off with the Ice Lolly. - "Five products you won't believe exist." - Five Amazon products you won't believe are real. Number five is the Sun Visor Fan Hat. - "Top three." - Top three YouTube mistakes. - If you're trying to position yourself as an educator on a specific topic, then hacks is a great way to share something new with somebody. Everybody loves a quick hack, and you can say that, "This hack is gonna help you reach whatever goal that is in three easy steps." - How to become a mermaid in three steps. First, go to a friend's birthday party and push her away. - "Here's how to have the best blank of your life." - Here's how to have the best sleep of your entire life. Make sure your room is dark. - There's always simple how-tos. - Here's how to write an entire book using ChatGPT. Step one, you say, "Hey, I wanna write a book about this topic. Can you give me five, 10 title ideas?" - And then of course just outright mentioning hacks themselves. This could be your YouTube Shorts, a lot more views. Another kind of cheeky thing you can do is create some sense of urgency as soon as people scroll to your shorts. You could straight up ask people to stop scrolling. - Wait, stop scrolling, straighten your back. Why are you always slouching? Do you see how tense your forehead is? Relax it. Relax it now. - Or you could talk about how, "Doing this right now is the most important thing of your life." This is the most important decision you can make on your YouTube channel, and a lot of people get it wrong. You've probably stumbled upon a bunch of shorts by now that talk about making more money. Everyone wants to make a little bit of money on the side and having somebody spoon feed that information to you is pretty tempting as you're just kind of swiping through shorts. If you know a good way to make some money you can give people a little bit of a monetary incentive to stop scrolling. You could talk about making X dollars a day using a specific product. - Here are four ways to make $800 a day using ChatGPT. The first method is to sell birthday cards with a poem on Etsy. - Or going back to hacks, "Hacks that will save you money." - [Woman] "Art Hacks That'll Save You Money: Part One." First up, we have these plastic food containers. All you do is add a couple of paper towels to it, spray it until it's damp, add your acrylic paint like you normally would, and this makes the paint not dry out. - So there you have it your ultimate guide to hooks that work. What this really takes though is getting out of your comfort zone and beginning to actually make some content. Creating content that gets people to stop scrolling is a learned skill and it's gonna take you practice. But of course, practice takes time and you're probably here looking for a bit of a cheat code. So check out this video right here and maybe you'll pick up a thing or two. Also, what do you think of my new studio? I think it's coming along. It's not fully done yet. We're kind of under construction. Stay tuned.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TapToFearTv1 [3 likes]: whos is here in 2025
  2. @TJO-002: Nice vid
  3. @100t_hanni: tldr: clickbait people but with hooks instead of thumbnails
  4. @sancarlosviners: i am a youtuber of over 3years. i got 156M views for 1 video only,.and many millions of views.
  5. @l.tjustonsenack: i'm not trying to go viral i'm just trying to post funny gameing videos
  6. @SmartCentsDaily89: Wow, this really makes me realize that there is still a lot I haven't learned 😂
  7. @Lunastudiotv1: A struggling creator here but we shall make it Amen
  8. @Yamal-t5m: I found this tutorial very helpful
  9. @alwaysonsideneveroffside: Do you guys like football?
  10. @Economicrebel: Really its going to work ??
  11. @filintoromerosierralta: jajajajajajajajajaj!
  12. @MitoFacts: nice 😮
  13. @GeoskabsWhaikabs: This was wholesome content.
  14. @HoanDuong-x5e: This content is very useful.
  15. @popaswachington: The information was spot on.
  16. @hecateShudu: I like your style of presentation.
  17. @IbrahimNicoPichler: That was really impressive.
  18. @gầvaga-e9s: Your tips are always on point.
  19. @noxxx15: Such good content, keep it up.
  20. @KaylieHannahWinkler: This is a must-watch!

- YouTube Shorts Algorithm Update Explained for 2026 (Hacks to Get 100K+ Subscribers FAST): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just released a brand new 2026 algorithm and you need to make sure that you're adapting to the five changes I'm going to share with you in this video. Because if you make these five changes, it's easier than ever before for you to grow on YouTube right now, especially if you're a small channel. In fact, I just helped this creator, this creator, and this creator gain over 100,000 subscribers in a really short period of time simply by adapting to these five things. But I do want to warn you, if you ignore these changes and don't actually make them with your content, you're going to get less views than ever before in 2026. So, please don't skip any of these. Change number one is you need to make sure that you're going through all of your old content today and changing anything that says 2025. If it says it in the tags, you need to change it. If it says it in the description, you need to change it. And if it says it in the title or the thumbnail, you also need to make sure that you change it. And here's a super easy way for you to be able to do this. Now, here's the easiest way to actually do this. What you're going to want to do is you're going to want to come over into your content into YouTube Studio. You want to come over here and type in 2025. What this is then going to do is this is going to pull up all of your content that has 2025 inside of the title. And as we can see here, I have 152 videos that I have to go through. So, what I now need to go through, and I'm going to have my team do this also, is this will show me everything that has a thumbnail with 2025 or a title with 2025. And now we could come into each of these and we can update these so that we actually have the correct year. Because here's the deal. If somebody does a search for how to skyrocket your views on Tik Tok fast, what's going to happen is somebody else is going to make a video about 2026 and then they are going to get served that content because YouTube cares about relevancy. And as we go in 2026 or we're in 2026 now that you're watching this, guess what? That relevancy is going to be the difference between your video getting clicked on versus your video not getting clicked on. So you want to make sure that you're going through you're changing 2026 here. You can also do control find. You could find that I have 2025 here. Also, we're going to grab this. We're going to change these things. We're going to click on save. And then this is going to get this video kicked back into the algorithm. If we look at the analytics on this right now, what we'll see is that this video took off and then started to die off. But as we change that and go through and change those titles, those thumbnails, the description, the tags, these videos are then going to get kicked back into the algorithm and get way more views. Change number two is you need to make sure that you're not publishing your content to your subscribers in 2026 if they're destroying your reach. And there's a very easy way for you to be able to figure this out. You just have to go in your analytics and see whether or not your subscribers are engaging with your content as much as people aren't subscribed to you are. Because if your content is mainly getting engagement from people that aren't subscribed to you, then what happens is when YouTube shows your content to your subscribers, this could actually be lowering your reach. Now, here's how you get to determine whether or not you need to do that. What you want to do is you want to come into your analytics and then you're going to click on advanced mode right here and you going to come over here to breakdown. What we want to do is scroll down a little bit and you are going to see subscription status. Now, what this is going to do is show you who's actually watching your content. So, as we can see right here, average view duration with people that aren't subscribed to me is 139. For my subscribers, it's 338. So, I'm actually getting way more average view duration from my subscribers. Now, that's exactly why I leave my subscribers turned on here. And if we scroll down, I'll show you where this setting actually is. So, it's going to be right here next to embedding. I keep this turned on, but if you're getting more average view duration from people that are not subscribed to you, then you want to make sure that this turns this off. But again, this is going to be on a channel by channel basis. And it might be different between different topics or even between different types of content. So, if we come over here and we look at this again back here, we're going to come up to advanced mode, see the status, and see that not subscribe doesn't watch my content anywhere near as long. Now, this is a Tik Tok video. If we look at this 139 versus 338, this might be completely different for a video on a different topic. Now, if we look at that for something about Instagram, it is completely different. We could see that not subscribed on Instagram 3 minutes and 34 seconds, but subscribed 5 minutes. So, depending on the topic, this is going to drastically change this. So, if you upload about multiple topics on your YouTube channel, you want to make sure that you're checking this out for all the different topics that you could be uploading on. And if we come over to shorts, we're going to see the same exact thing. So, again, come into details right here. Come into analytics. Then under advanced mode, we could come over here. We could type in sub. We're going to see subscription status. And we'll see how this affects things. So, when we look at my shorts, it actually doesn't affect it at all. in which case I want my content to get shown to more nonsubscribers. Change number three is you need to make sure that you adapt the type of content that you're creating to only be trending content because YouTube is now a 100% interestbased algorithm. What does this mean? That one, videos that are on a topic that your audience isn't engaging with just won't get any reach. Two, if your length is wrong on your content, you're not going to get any reach. And three, if you are just overall doing something that there isn't a proven audience for on YouTube, this is why you're not getting the views that you want. But don't worry, because there's an easy way to fix this. In fact, today's video sponsor, Metricle, makes this incredibly easy to do, and it's my hack to doing this in less than 30 seconds every single day. Now, here's exactly how I do this using Metricle. And as we can see, this has really helped my growth on YouTube. You're going to log into Metricle. You're going to click on YouTube. And then we can scroll all the way down. And this right here is where you can add in all of your different competitors. And then you'll be able to click on view video list right here. And this will literally show you exactly what is trending in your niche. For example, this video right here published 2 days ago got 20,000 views. That's way more views than everything else that's been published in my niche. So now I could see what this is and then I could click on it and this will tell me the format that is doing really well and what type of content aka the topic that's doing really well. And if we come through here, we'll be able to find even more of them. So this video right here, this video right here, this video right here, and this video right here are clearly doing the best. So if I needed video topics for this upcoming week, those are the ones that I would choose. In addition to that, I'd pay attention to these formats. Now, if you want to find out exactly what your audience is engaging with, I would strongly suggest you go to the pin comment below and get 30 days free access to Metricle today with any of their premium plans with Code Robert. Because in addition to that, Metricool also makes it incredibly easy for you to be able to push out your content on other platforms like Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok, and others in order to get more reach on YouTube. Because another thing you need to make sure that you're doing is increasing the amount of traffic that you're bringing to YouTube from other platforms. Here's how they make it easy. Now, here's how Metro makes that incredibly easy. What you're going to want to do is you're going to want to come over here and click on planning. From here, you're going to click on create post. And this allows you to upload to all these different platforms at once. You could post on Facebook, post on Instagram, you could post on Tik Tok. And you can see the other platforms that show up here. And this allows you to schedule out posts on all those platforms from one place. In addition to that, they also have this AI description generator right here, which allows you to generate descriptions that are optimized for each social media platform right here. In addition to that, they also have this hashtag tool that lets you find the best hashtags for Instagram and Tik Tok. So, you'll be able to put out content across multiple platforms, all driving back to your YouTube channel to help you grow quicker. And the YouTube algorithm loves this right now. Oh, and one other bonus thing that I absolutely love about Metrical is if we click on inbox right here, what this is going to allow us to do is this is going to allow us to see our inbox across all these different platforms, all from one place instead of having to log into all these different platforms to manage your DMs, your inbox, and your comments. So, what are you waiting for? Hit that pin comment below in order to get 30 days free access to any of their premium plans with code Robert. Change number four is you need to make sure that you're adding a custom thumbnail to every single YouTube short that you upload. This is more important than ever before because now the majority of YouTube Shorts views aren't just coming from the Shorts feed. In fact, they're coming from browse features and they're coming from search. So unless you have a custom thumbnail on, guess what? You're not going to get the views that you want. And the only way that you could do this is by uploading your content from a mobile device. Let me explain. Okay, so here's how you actually do this. We're going to come over to YouTube right here. And this is how you should be uploading all of your shorts content. You want to click on this little plus right here. Then from here, you're going to click on add. And you're going to grab the video that you were going to upload. For example, let's say we were going to upload this video right here. We are now going to click on next. We're going to click on done. Now, this is going to take a second right here to process. But once this is done processing, we're going to have the ability to choose that custom thumbnail. And again, you need to make sure that you're adding in this custom thumbnail because this is going to make the difference between your video getting clicked on and your video showing in all these different places versus it not. So, we come over here. We're going to click on next. Then, you'll see this little pencil icon. And again, you can only do this from a mobile device. Now, what this is going to allow you to do is grab whatever part of the video you want to make sure that you're going to do. For example, we're going to do this right here. We can now add text here. And we could say something like never use more than three hashtags. And then we could change the size of this right here if we wanted to. But this looks perfect right here. We can move it up. And then boom, we just click on this check. And now we have a custom thumbnail here. And this is going to help you rank for search. This is going to help you get views from browse features. And you need to make sure that when you add in a custom thumbnail, what you do next is come over here, schedule out this video. And then you want to come back to your computer in order to set up the rest of the settings in order to maximize your reach because you won't get all those settings from your computer. But you won't be able to add a custom thumbnail from your computer. So you have to use both your phone and your computer to upload YouTube shorts to maximize your views. And then change number five is you need to make sure that you start taking more time in between you going live or you uploading long form content because gone are the days where you could just flood YouTube with a bunch of long- form content. Now YouTube wants you to flood their algorithm with short form content. And I'm not saying that you should be uploading 10 to 20 times a day, but if you want to upload every day two or three times a day, you should be doing this with shorts content because shorts can get shown in way more places than long form content. I mean, think about it. Your long- form content on YouTube only shows in two places. It shows on the browse features, aka the home tab, and two, in the search results. It also shows on the suggested feed, but there's really not that much real estate there. But when it comes to shorts, they could show up on suggested, they could show up on the shorts feed, they could show up on search, and they can also show up on the homepage. So guess what? YouTube shorts just have way more areas to show up. Which is why the creators that are growing the fastest right now in 2026, like Mr. Beast, like Hormosi, like Gary Vee, they're all uploading more YouTube shorts. In fact, they're getting more views from their YouTube shorts than any other type of content. Let me prove this to you. So, here's the proof of this. If we look at Mr. Be's channel right here and we scroll down, we could see he's gotten 600 million long form views. But if we compare that to shorts, 2.2 billion. So he's getting about 80% of his reach from YouTube shorts. And it's no different if we look at somebody like Alex Heroszi. If we scroll down here, 4.5 million views from long form. But if we look at shorts, 15 million. So he's getting three times the number of views again around 75 to 80%. And it's no different if we look at somebody like Gary Vee. If we come down here, 500,000 views from long form, 1.8 million almost four times from shorts. So, please do not make the mistake in 2026 of ignoring YouTube shorts because I cannot emphasize it enough. YouTube is pushing YouTube shorts more than any other type of content on the platform. And I literally just proved it to you by showing you Alex Herozy's views, Gary Views views, Mr. Beast views. So, it doesn't matter if you're uploading educational content, or if you're uploading entertainment content. I'm telling you, doubling down on shorts this year is going to be the most powerful thing that you could possibly do. And YouTube is also bringing shopping back to YouTube Shorts. So, you're going to be able to partner up with brands in order to put a link inside of YouTube Shorts. You can tag products inside of YouTube Shorts. And this is going to be a massive opportunity not only for you to get more subscribers, get more viewers, but also for you to be able to monetize YouTube Shorts because YouTube is doubling down on this as we head into 2026. Now, if you want help growing faster on YouTube one-on-one, the same exact way that I this creator, I would strongly suggest you check out this video right here that walks you through three different ways that we can begin to work together one-on-one in order to help you grow faster on YouTube. Because it doesn't have to be hard to for you to get the views, the subscribers, or the monetization that you want to on YouTube, especially when you work with somebody that already knows everything that you need to do. If that sounds interesting, I'll see you over

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [11 likes]: Try Any Metricool Premium Plan, 30 days for FREE: https://metricool.com/robert-benjamin/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=influencer&utm_campaign=20251231_robert-benjamin_2026-alg-youtube_en&utm_content=integration&utm_term=q3
  2. @benzair_: thank you !
  3. @20feninga47: But isnt it misleading and deceiving to just change the year from 2025 to 2026? You are presenting yourself as having the most recent information when in fact you dont.
  4. @chedha9907: 874 Subs Keep going 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  5. @Mom_Walt: 35 subscribers from 12. Im growing…thank you❤
  6. @militarynexuss: ❤❤❤
  7. @SmallChannelsNailed: Thank you to my 33 subscribers! I wish to grow more but only with ones who are **honest**! Robert has great advice!
  8. @SmallChannelsNailed: Another great video from Robert!
  9. @ryxnwxlker: Half the video being an ad lol
  10. @ehlmoyana1388: Thank you for my 120 ❤🎉❤
  11. @AutoSavy: Gemini suggested me this video!
  12. @AnimalLegendsHQ: 259 subs after 57 shorts
Hope you are doing well
  13. @DimitrieROSS: Thank you. I don't like Shorts... but I guess it has to be done...😂
  14. @comedy_vlogs710: The views on my shorts have suddenly reduced since last 3 days. Earlier my shorts used to get 25k to 26k views, now they are getting only 5 or 20 views. I am very worried 😭😢😢😥😓😭😫
  15. @SoyArgentino-i1o: Ah yes, the self-proclaimed expert on viral shorts...Then why do all yours are only getting 2k views? Curious 😏
  16. @AtomicPlaysX: Just started last week. 0 subs so far. However, I'm hopeful we all will be trending one day!
  17. @AhaaraveArogya: 415 subscribers and growing by making top quality food content
  18. @QuickQuiz1-g7b: Still growing and staying consistent best of luck to all small and new creators stay strong and keep working hard
  19. @99laces: Great Info!
  20. @AbyssClipss: 121 subs 350k views and all of a sudden my last 2 shorts have zero views

- NEW YouTube Shorts Algorithm Update Explained for 2025 (DO THIS to Get MORE Subscribers FAST): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just released a massive YouTube Shorts algorithm, and if you take advantage of this, you are going to blow up your channel right now. But I do want to warn you, if you ignore it, it's going to be harder than ever before to grow, and you might start losing a lot of the viewers and subscribers that you're currently getting. But don't worry, just make the changes I share with you in this video, and it is going to skyrocket your reach the same exact way that I just helped this channel, this channel, and this channel blow up. The same thing can happen to you if you just copy the six things I'm going to share with you. Now, change number one, and I cannot emphasize this enough, you need to begin ranking for search right now in November for every term that has 2026 in it. I'm telling you, this is the biggest opportunity that you will ever find. And this only happens once every year. From November to January is the time where you should be posting 2026 videos in order to rank for those terms. And then you're going to get views for the rest of the year 24/7, 365. Here's how you take advantage of this. So, here's why you need to start ranking for search right now. If we come over here and type in something like affiliate marketing 2026, what you are going to notice is that a few people have already started creating content about this. And I want you to think about this. This video right here using 2026 already has 17,000 views in just 3 weeks. This video that has been up here for 5 months only has 32,000 views. So, this person is very quickly going to surpass this person. And guess what? that is going to establish him as the number one person for this search term right now and as we move into 2026 because one of the things that YouTube looks for when they try to rank people for search is how relevant it actually is. So if we type in chatbt 2076 we could see nobody's actually made content about this yet. So I'm actually going to hop on this myself so that I'm able to rank there. But this is essentially what you need to be doing. You need to make sure that when you come into the metadata of your post, it's set up correctly in order to actually rank. If I come over here, type in 2025, and we come over to a video like this, YouTube Shorts Algorithm Update Explained for 2025, we can see that this video right here is getting the majority of its views from search. So, it's gotten over 30,000 views, the majority of them coming from search. The reason for that is because if we type in this actual keyword right here, which is YouTube shorts algorithm, it shows once in the title, twice in the description, and it shows multiple times in the tags over here. Now, I know I'm showing you this on a long form video, but if we come over to my shorts, we will see the same exact thing. This video right here, 451,000 views. If we come into the analytics, we could see that this video is getting almost all of its traffic from search. In fact, this video gets 11,000 views every single day from search again because of the same thing. This is about YouTube settings. So, if we come over here and we type in YouTube settings, we could see that it shows once in the title. It shows once in the description like this, but then I also have YouTube turn on these settings, which is basically the same thing. And it shows multiple times in the tags again, which is why this video is going viral as a result of ranking for search. You could do this right now for 2026 before anyone else in your niche does. Change number two is you need to make sure that you're using the collaboration feature and you need to make sure that you're using it the right way. So, here's how you could actually use the collaboration feature. You're literally just going to go to upload something on YouTube. You are going to scroll down a little bit. You're going to see collaboration right here. You come over here. You type in the channel that you want to collaborate with. For example, I'm going to put Rob the AI guy, my other channel. And we'll be able to create a link right here. And then what this does right here, as we can see, is it expands the reach that you then get on this video because this is going to help your video reach your collaborator's audience. And then as a result, you end up getting more views without having to do anything else. Now, I will warn you, you want to make sure that you only do this with channels that have the audience that you are trying to reach. Because if you do this with somebody that has an audience that you're not trying to reach, it's going to ruin the metrics that you get on your video and then as a result, you aren't going to get the reach that you want. Now, for change number three, I need to make sure that you're uploading your content from a mobile device. Because if you upload YouTube shorts from a mobile device, you're going to be able to choose a custom thumbnail. And that custom thumbnail is going to help you increase your reach because you need a custom thumbnail to get people to click when they find your videos via search, which is what you should be doing according to step one. when your videos show up on browse features. And that's where the majority of views on YouTube shorts are coming from right now. Not from the shorts feed, but from every other placement they could show up on YouTube where that thumbnail is incredibly important to the process. Now, change number four is you need to make sure that you're going through and updating all of your old shorts. Anything that is over a week old and still isn't getting the views that you want, you need to go in and you need to make sure that you're updating the title, the description, and the tags in order to rekick it back into the algorithm and increase the reach that you're getting because it's not always about creating new content. You also need to optimize the content that you've already put a lot of time into creating. Now, Vid IQ makes this incredibly easy to do. If you log into Vid IQ, you're going to see optimize over here, which is incredibly powerful. If you do that, you come over to shorts right here. You're going to see all your different shorts show up here. And then you'll be able to click on generate score right here. And this is going to go through and this is actually going to judge your content. And this will actually with AI generate alternative titles for you. It will generate alternative descriptions for you, alternative tags for you. And if you come over to content score right here, this literally goes through, watches your video with AI, and tells you how you can improve your content in the future. And then we could go through and actually preview this and see how it's going to look with these changes made. And this is incredibly powerful for optimizing all of your old content. In fact, you should be going through and optimizing all of your past content for 2026 or just for the best practices based on what Vid IQ is actually telling you here. And as you can see, I spend a lot of time on my YouTube thumbnails. Look at this. How to find viral trends on Tik Tok. Edit your videos with AI. Make going viral on Instagram easy. Make going viral on Tik Tok easy. And if we scroll down, how much YouTube pays for a thousand views. Change this setting to go viral. And that makes a massive difference in how many views I get. And you need to be doing that same exact thing. Vid IQ helps you do it. In addition to that, if you come under discover and click on keywords, you could type in your niche here, for example, affiliate marketing, and it will literally tell you what things people are searching for. So you could see all the matching keywords, all of the questions, all the related keywords, and all of the top trending videos. And then you simply just make videos on these topics, add in that 2026, and the YouTube Shorts algorithm is going to love you right now. And the best part about Vid IQ is that if you go to the pin comment below right now, you could get started with it today for only $1. I would have never gained over 830,000 subscribers if it wasn't for Vid IQ, which is why I'd strongly suggest that you use it, too. Because here's the deal. You don't want to let $1 be the difference between you getting the growth that you want on YouTube or you not getting the growth. Now, change number five is you need to make sure that you're turning on two settings every single time that you upload. Because if not, you're missing out on potentially getting hundreds of thousands, if not millions of views from the videos that you're already uploading. Let me show you. Now, for those settings, you need to make sure that are turned on. One of them is actually going to be in your video upload settings. You need to make sure it's turned on at the time that you upload. But the other one's going to be an account settings. So you need to make sure you come into your settings. Come into channel right here. Come into advanced settings, scroll all the way down, and then scroll up a little bit. And you want to make sure that clips right here is turned on. This is going to allow your viewers to clip up your content. Now, it doesn't mean they're going to steal your content. Doesn't mean they're going to get paid for your content. It simply means that they're going to be able to create more content with your content, which is actually a massive sign to the YouTube algorithm that people love your content. In addition to that, you need to make sure that when you scroll down right here, right after you place your tags, if you scroll a little bit further, you are going to see down here shorts remixing. Make sure this is turned on for both video and for audio. Because again, if people interact with this feature or the clipping feature on your content, it is a massive signal to the YouTube shorts algorithm that your content is really good. People want to interact with it, people want to play with it. And then as a result, it is going to increase the reach that you get. And this basically gives you free views. So look at this. If we come over here to lifetime, we could see I have literally gotten 260,000 extra views from just people remixing my shorts right here. And had I not had this feature turned on, I literally would have missed out on 260,000 views plus all the algorithm boost that I got from that. Then that last and most important change is you need to make sure that you're actually hitting the right metrics when you upload your content. And lucky for you, there are only three metrics that really matter when it comes to shorts. Let me show you. So, here are the metrics that YouTube actually cares about. This stay to watch right here needs to be 80% or higher. Now, I know what you're thinking, Rob, you got 79% here, but it got 79% after 450,000 people saw it. If we go back to like the first week, I bet that this was probably like 85 90%. You need this to be over 80%. If that's not over 80%, two things are wrong with your video. Or one of two things. either one, your hook wasn't good enough, or two, the topic that you made that video about is just something that not a lot of people are interested in and not a lot of people wanted to watch. In addition to that though, you need to be looking at your average view duration. You need to make sure that at the 3% mark, this is over 100%. If this isn't over 100% at the 3% mark, then that's a signal to the YouTube Shorts algorithm that, hey, people aren't watching the content and they're not staying past 3%. So, if we combine this 3% with this state to watch, if your state to watch is over 80% but this is below 100% for 3 seconds, that means that you had the right content idea but your hook wasn't good. If it's the opposite, this is over 100% but stayed to watch wasn't high, it means that you didn't have the right content idea. And then in addition to that, this average view duration number right here, if your video is less than 30 seconds long, this number needs to be greater than this number. If this number is over 31 seconds long, this number needs to be 80% of this number. So for argument sake, let's say that I had a 60-second video. I can come over here and multiply it by8. I would need this average view duration to be at least 48 seconds long in order for this video to go viral. now stayed to watch that checked out on this video. 100% of people still watching after the first 3 seconds that checked out on this video. Average view duration higher than this that checked out on this video. And then as a result, this video ends up going viral. Gets me 11,000 views every single day. By the end of next month or November, this video is probably going to be over a million views. Now, if you want to blow up your channel the same exact way I help this creator do it, this creator do it, and this creator do it, well then I want to work with you one-on-one to guarantee I can help you grow faster on YouTube. I literally want to tell you everything you need to do. What titles to use, how to edit your content differently, even how to script your content and stuff like that, and I want to help you do it one- on-one. If that sounds interesting and you want guaranteed growth on YouTube or your money back, I'd strongly suggest you check out this video right here that walks you through the three different ways that we can work together and I can help you Past.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [11 likes]: Get VidIQ For $1 for 30 days (BEST AI TOOLS FOR YOUTUBERS): https://vidiq.com/robertbenjamin/
  2. @Robert-t5v3c [1 likes]: Thanks❤
  3. @ModelAirport.Dutchie: I just started making shorts. Anyone interested in airplanes can take a look!
  4. @CuriousBiteFacts: Good luck to all the small channels :D
  5. @WhatThePetUSA: Thanks bro❤
  6. @clipztop5: good stuff
  7. @BeyondTheUniform-y2t: Thank you 🙏
  8. @Arnold_film_recap: Only Shorts makers can like this comment 😎
  9. @merisochms6496: Hello Bhai🙏
  10. @priyankiku: It’s not working for me
  11. @Storiesbymrflex: Thanks very much
  12. @luiza_gotadeluz: Estou postando shorts direto !🥺
  13. @MushasFACT: Any one noticed that shorts views coming from only browse features?
  14. @LisaKharris: This is how you do YouTube right.
  15. @OctagonSmash: I hope these work for me
  16. @manjulamanjula2123: @ishowcars.13
  17. @trippyaquatics: Let's grow together small creators gather here
  18. @BuildWithAIBiz: :face-blue-smiling:
  19. @Vijaygamingaddaa: Subscribe ❤
  20. @HasherPlayzYT: I have one question for youtube shorts, Should I Hide my Likes or not, because I heard that if you hide your likes, it will get more likes and views, Is that really the Case?

- The 2-Minute Algorithm Hack That Helps YouTube Recommend You!!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] If you're a small YouTuber and your videos are getting zero views, this two-minute hack will change everything. I'm going to show you the hidden settings that most creators don't even know exist. Here's the brutal truth. When you're a new channel, YouTube has no idea what your content is about, or who should see it, so your videos get buried. But YouTube actually tells us how to fix this. According to YouTube, new channels must rely on metadata. Your titles, descriptions, and other signals to help the algorithm understand your content. But there are three secret settings that most creators never touch, that literally teach the algorithm who you are, who should see your videos, and get YouTube to start recommending your content to the right people. I'm about to walk you through each one. So let's start with the first one. Channel keywords. These are invisible keywords that describe your entire channel, not just individual videos. Here's how. Click your profile photo, go to YouTube Studio, then click Settings, then Channel. You'll see a keyword section that 99% of creators leave empty. Add broad keywords like fitness or finance or whatever your channel is about, but also add long tail phrases your audience actually searches for. Instead of just fitness, add, "how to lose weight fast," or "home workout routines." As a regular viewer browsing YouTube, you can't actually see these keywords that channels are using push your content to the right viewers. But with a two buddy extension installed, you can spy on a channel's keywords. That means you can go look at the biggest channels in your niche, see exactly what keywords they're using, and model what's working for them. The second hack is in the upload default settings. In that same menu, click Upload Defaults. This is gold because every video you upload will automatically include these descriptions and tags. What I want you to do here is write a description about your channel, what it's about, who you help, what topics you cover. If you need help, just look at this video's description, but think about this like your elevator pitch for your channel. Now, every time you upload a new video, YouTube will automatically populate this entire description. And above it, you can just add whatever custom description you have for that specific video. This saves a load of time, and make sure that each video has detailed information in the description that helps the algorithm push your video to the right viewers. Now, for the third and final setting, default tags. This one is massive for new channels, because tags are one of the main things that YouTube relies on when your channel is brand new, and the algorithm doesn't have enough data about your content yet. You'll find this in the same upload default section. What you want to do is add about two to five tags that describe your channel as a whole. These tags will automatically be added to every single video you upload. No extra work, no remembering to add them manually. Just like with keywords, you want to make sure you use a mix of broad terms with long tail phrases. These three settings work together like a GPS for the algorithm. They tell YouTube exactly where to drive your content, so your videos can get recommended to more people. Now, getting recommended is just the first step. If you're looking to get monetized, watch time is going to be critical. And if you want to hit that 4,000 hours of watch time milestone faster, I just made this video that I want you to watch next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TubeBuddy [727 likes]: Please subscribe if this was helpful!
  2. @RoronoaZoro-xs [1 likes]: Plz support your little brother ❤
  3. @vuzaimpanda [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @nolanvandagriff [1 likes]: Gonna be big YouTubers gather here
  5. @Zeeedits-m6v: Bullsh*t
  6. @Kabarynawuk: We win one day!
  7. @maybewyxos: never expected a chrome extension to make a youtube tutorial
  8. @MiniMe-q8p: How do to this on phone?
  9. @ImeMy-u8k: How to do this on phone ?
  10. @Vindheimr: thx for the video, unfortunately it did not work for me🙁
  11. @adaro_solutions: Great content!
  12. @talkingtomloved: suscribe krlo yr
  13. @AtlasMyths-d8f: Great bro
  14. @Rankrush_ai.official: it's kinda annoying that random vids got million views while your consistency only got 40 views
  15. @RND_1M-r7x: My video getting viral two days and hold on 23k views... why is it happening
  16. @Wannwarstdu: Tried to start a channel only with shorts...so far there is one subscriber. It's something! 😊
  17. @JQLShorts: W
  18. @SlayahhTV: I been at it for about 30 days nonstop thanks for this video very helpful
  19. @GrowKingGermany: Small youtuber gather here
  20. @mysticjokercz6743: Im gaming channel

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [1 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  3. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  4. @financesimplied2004: 🎉🎉
  5. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  6. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!
  7. @Crescitaly_com: Hooks are underrated because they are not just attention tricks. A good hook qualifies the viewer before the algorithm does: it tells the right person this is for them and gives them a reason to keep watching. That first decision shapes the whole performance curve.
  8. @ROSTHA_HOUSE: "I don't pull out" lol. That drove the point home.  Keep making videos like this please.
  9. @kreean-x1i: i love this video! you teach so well!!!!
  10. @1XEV: Thank you for this information! I struggle with YouTube since I'm trying to keep it professional as a business portfolio almost. Are there ways to have hooks in real estate or business ads without text?
  11. @For.MomAndDad: what photoshop software is he using? does anyone know?
  12. @LTP5: “There are so many photos out there” I agree for the standard photos that almost look robotic and sterile. But when you’re a photographer that fits in a niche, that gap closes. When you’re really good (not at editing, but the eye and being able to extract emotion), that gap closes even more. Other than that, I agree.
  13. @AnarLidht: Think you 👍🏽
  14. @ANAGBATALILIAN: I loved everything you just taught. I'm a social media manager working for a clothing brand and I'm still figuring out how what you've said can be helpful for me. I'm really working on growth and sales
  15. @its_amanj: this video basically explains why some creators blow up overnight while others stay invisible for years 😭
  16. @PetPOVclips: "I never pull out" took me out lmao
  17. @tuanlecgu: A lot of creators focus only on traffic, but combining strategies like this with promotion tools such as IPweb can really help test what actually works faster. Great insights throughout the video.
  18. @sjscwwMutcmtsb8827: The first one is the one I have in yeu is the best one 1️⃣ and I think it’s
  19. @VoicesofTania: Why are we putting people's images into generative AI?
  20. @Alsielle: Really good video, thank you! 👍🏻

- Why YouTube Shorts Views Suddenly Dropped (Must Watch): Kind: captions Language: en-US Your youtube shorts views have suddenly dropped.&nbsp; Right? In this video, we will show you possible&nbsp;&nbsp; reasons why your youtube shorts channel lost a&nbsp; massive number of views. One. Your older shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; are no longer prioritized in the shorts feed. This&nbsp; is due to an updated youtube shorts algorithm that&nbsp;&nbsp; favors newer content, and buries aged content&nbsp; deeper in the shorts feed. Two. Your topic has&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped trending. The youtube shorts algorithm&nbsp; mainly pushes shorts on trending topics, and&nbsp;&nbsp; therefore, you are likely to suddenly lose views&nbsp; if you are no longer on a hot topic. Three. You&nbsp;&nbsp; have been restricted for uploading reused content.&nbsp; Youtube shorts algorithm is detecting reused,&nbsp;&nbsp; repetitive or low-quality content pretty fast,&nbsp; and throttling channels with such content. And&nbsp;&nbsp; there are many other reasons why youtube can&nbsp; restrict your channel and stop pushing your&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts. Four. You have bored or overwhelmed your&nbsp; audience. If you don't improve on your shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; your viewers may stop seeing them interesting and&nbsp; simply avoid them, especially if you upload them&nbsp;&nbsp; in large numbers. And with that, you can know&nbsp; where to improve and get your numbers up again.&nbsp;&nbsp; Do not forget to like and subscribe for&nbsp; more tips on creating content on youtube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JanOnTech [1 likes]: Do not forget to LIKE and SUBSCRIBE for more tips on creating content on YouTube.
  2. @SoulforSale01: Scoops is 250% better

- May 2026 Sudden Decline YOUTUBE Views on Your Channel Explained (You Are NOT Alone): Kind: captions Language: en As of May 2026, you may see have been seeing a dramatic decline in your YouTube views as a YouTube creator. This particularly specifically started on May the 5th, Tuesday May the 5th for most creators, and I have seen a 30% down views on all my content throughout a few channels. I have three channels in all. And this is with every video. This is not with one particular channel or video, and it's with old content and new content. So, we're talking about content that I made, you know, 5, 10 years ago that would get consistent views, they're also down 30%. So, as you can see here, this is one channel that I have. And what I was doing I decided to do on Wednesday is I would look at it in real time. So, I'd look at the analytics. And so, after let's say for example, I'm looking from the hours of 11:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon, they would show that my views for for that hour was a healthy 788, which is average for me. But then I would check it in an hour later, and then they would like literally in real time cut my views. So, from that 788, they cut it to 595. And then this is consistent throughout the whole channel. And as you can see here, if you look on the very far left, you can see that the eight two days before the 800 views on average around noon would stick. But those views stopped sticking, and I'm getting a 30% decline. And then if you look at the whole week, as you can see here, for the month of April and May, I would average about 15,000 views. And now, starting on Wednesday or Tuesday May the 5th, now 6, we're looking at only 12,000 views, which is, you know, approximately a 30% decline, which is pretty significant. Now, the good news is is that my revenue has stayed the same. So, you know, I average about 100 bucks, and you can see here on Tuesday, May 5th, my revenue was 96, which is about average. And I have found the other creators are reporting the same thing. So, now whether they're removing views because people have uh you know, ad block on, that may be possible. There's multiple things that could be considered or the reason, but fortunately, the revenue is staying the same, which I'm fine with that. But I just hope it for some reason it doesn't start uh taking down my uh revenue. And so, other people are reporting the same thing. So, we have here uh a creator, A Minute With AI. He's saying, "Experiencing the same here. The issue started on the 5th. Team YouTube, please help and address this." And then YouTube says, "Hi, view count usually slows down, freezes, or adjusts because our system verifies if the numbers are real and accurate. Note, this is a normal part of our validation process." Which I agree. I knew that they always would do that. That in real time that was just uh an estimate of what your view should be, and then they take everything else into consideration. How however, you can see here it's more of a dip or cut, you know, of like 30%, and this is all channels of mine with all videos. So, it's kind of concerning, but uh fortunate thing is is that the revenue is staying the same. Now, a lot of people been complaining about AI slop and stuff, and I had recently made a how-to or a self-help video on Napoleon Hill, who's the author who wrote Think and Grow Rich. And I made a a tutor like a video educational video about it. I just typed in Napoleon Hill and looked at that day of how many AI slop of Napoleon Hill, who is an old old author from the 1930s. And there's literally 20, 30 videos in one day of AI slop where they're just making up his words and they're just making up his voice. It's not even his real voice or his real writing. And they actually have him uh sitting in a chair, you know, using AI to make his face move. Um and some of them are getting zero views, but some of them are getting 100,000 views. So, I guess it's a hit or a miss with these AI farms. And it's definitely a a a concerning problem with on YouTube that they definitely need to address. But, uh let me know if this is happening on your channel, to what extent. And uh you know, put your channel name in the comment section so we can all check out your channel. All right, thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fixanythingsavemoney [1 likes]: Same exact thing happened to me. I reached out to youtube support and they told me the usual bs. "Your audience may not be watching as much and interests shift and to try to tailor my videos to my audience" they didnt seen to understand that on one specific day (may 5th) my views dropped 30% and haven't rebounded since. There's no way that just naturally 30% of my viewers all on one decided to stop watching. Only thing that makes sense is that on may 5th they implemented another criteria for what makes a view a view from external sources. Which is fine. But tell people that. My revenue hasnt been affected either but it does suck to see a 30% drop on a channel that has been steadily growing for 3 years
  2. @sneakerfiles: Funny how this popped up. I had the same issue.
  3. @RankTierDrops: i noticed this week, prolly been a week or two. not chill bro
  4. @HondaHowTo1: Did anybody notice it just stopped at 4pm today? I had same may 5th experience, 26% drop in views (55% was google search), no drop in revenue. Now may 12th 4pm, it seems to have stopped scrubbing them, its 8:50pm now, it would usually scrub them down in 1 to 2 hours but now mine is back to normal, no view removal. Was it an error, and now its fixed?! Anybody else have same experience? We all good now??? Lol
**I just did the math 4pm today is 28% higher than 4pm yesterday, and still not scrubbed. It might be fixed
  5. @bestyoutubeviews: This kind of drop should be separated into three different cases: a real decline in reach, a reporting delay, or a traffic quality/validation issue. I wouldn’t judge it only from the public counter in the first hours or days. The key is to compare traffic sources, browse impressions, retention and whether the drop stabilizes or keeps spreading across videos.
  6. @sj11colon: Hey…. Steve from @thingsevenicando. Same problem for me.  About a 25-30% drop in views but revenue is about the same. I think my Amazon affiliate sales are down a bit though.  Hard to say on that because there is always weird up and down fluctuations there.
  7. @sherrybeckley4740: Me too. It started around April 1 for me thank you.
  8. @RemiWYD: all of my channels have been hit hard too for no reason. strange. not sure why as i average 200k realtime.  not now
  9. @vedathegreat8697: Interesting.

- Why TikToks SUDDENLY Stop Getting Views: Kind: captions Language: en every time you post on Tik Tok it feels like you're going to go viral doesn't it you post and within minutes you get hundreds of views and then it stops so you post again and it happens over and over and over and it makes you start to wonder does the algorithm hate me am I Shadow Bann these are good questions my goal with this video is to answer them for you I want to dive into why Tik Tok views always start out hot and heavy and then come to a screeching halt you'll learn what's going on behind the scenes with the Tik Tok algorithm and how it decides what videos to promote which ones go viral now it turns out that there are some ways that you can actually gain the system you're going to want to pay close attention I'm going to be breaking down the strategies you need to use to post so your views don't die on you and it's important because if you get this wrong you can be sure that that Tik Tok algorithm is going to throw you back in the 200 view jail but Mike wait is there such a thing as Tik Tok Shadow Banning your account uh yeah and I'll explain in a minute but first I want to hear from you have your views ever just tanked out of nowhere on Tik Tok if the answer is yes which I'm sure is the case for many of you I want you to try the strategies that I'm going to be sharing in this video and then come back and let me know how they work for you now then you are probably very familiar with this graph from Tik Tok where your views take off in the first few minutes and reach about 200 to 300 and then just plummet and end as quickly as they began in order to understand why this is happening we have to talk about the mechanics of the Tik Tok algorithm the algorithm consists of two phases the testing phase and the traffic phase and it's what happens in that initial testing phase that determines whether your video is go viral or disappear to never be seen again when you first publish a video on Tik Tok it's assigned and shown to a sample audience of you guessed it about 200 people and while the algorithm does its best to match that audience with your content it's likely not going to be made up completely of your ideal viewers this is especially true if you are a new Creator and the algorithm hasn't figured out what you're about yet what you post about and who it's for and I'm going to share more on how to fix that in a little bit now if your video performs well in that test phase that's when it gets moved to the traffic phase and this is where Tik Tok starts pushing your video showing it to more and more people and that's where you get those massively viral videos that we've all seen before like my man Chris here who took one idea that I gave him posted the video and got 12.4 million followers in 72 hours and went from zero to over 10,000 followers but what's the difference between a video like what Chris posted that went viral and yours that stuck at 200 views it turns out that in the test Tik Tok is actually looking for a few very specific things in particular they're trying to see if people are swiping away on your video and how much of the video how long they're actually watching so what does that mean for you it means that if you aren't getting enough of the 200 viewers in your sample audience to stop scrolling and watch a high percentage of your video it's dead in the water you may not realize this but you are competing with every other person in your space creating content like you are to see whose content is best in the test phase Tik Tok is actually testing how well your video performs with your sample audience compared to another Creator in the same space creating similar content and how well their video performs with their sample audience it's a fight to the death winner goes viral now I'm going to show you how to stack the deck in the test phase so you can consistently win those battles and go viral but first I want to explain one more thing about how the traffic phase actually works once you win in the test phase and you enter the traffic phase Tik Tok is going to start pushing your video but that doesn't necessarily mean that you are going to go viral because Tik Tok is going to keep testing your content to see how good it is and how it Stacks up against the other people that passed in the test phase and so what you'll start to notice is that there's almost like a checkpoint system where they first checked you at 200 views and then 500 a th000 10,000 all the way up to a million but really what's just happening is that they are going to keep pushing your video Until performance decreases as soon as they start seeing more people swipe away or the view duration going down the views are going to stop so I've got seven strategies I to make sure that your video is the last one standing and that you can go viral consistently number one make sure you're posting about one topic so that way the algorithm can figure out what your content is about and show your video to more of your ideal viewers in the test phas early on they're just sending your video to a bunch of randos and hoping it sticks but eventually the algorithm is going to figure out what you create content about and who you create content for and then they're going to do their best to make sure that they're showing it to people that are interested in that type of of content in your 200 sample Group by talking about one topic all the time and being specific it's much easier for them to figure it out instead of you posting about all the different things and you also want to leverage every single tool that you have at your disposal make sure that you're using keyword Rich descriptions the text on the screen and your hashtags to indicate to the algorithm what your content's about so they know who to show it to number two doing your research increases your likelihood of going viral early on when you don't have successful videos you need to look at the other creators in your space and see what videos are working for them look for the patterns what are the topics and the formats that are going viral every single time they post them take a look at their recent videos and look for outliers if they're always getting between 2,000 and 5,000 views and then they have a video that gets 100,000 views take note of that make your own version of it and you'll have a higher chance of going viral don't reinvent the wheel just make your version of the videos that are already working on the platform number three increase your posting frequency I usually recommend that people post between 1 to three times a day and honestly if you're posting more you are going to be able to fail forward faster and what I mean by that is if you're creating more videos you are going to be able to learn more you're going to be able to see what works for you and what didn't work and that knowledge is going to help you improve and get better and grow faster but you cannot post more frequently at the expense of doing the research I would rather you post one time a day like I did to get to my first 10,000 followers in under 60 days I'd rather you do that than try to post post three to five times a day but you're creating crappy content because you're not doing the research and being strategic about what you post number four timing matters but I'm not talking about posting times posting times don't matter post whenever you want to post it doesn't matter what matters is the timing of the content and the topics as in is the content that you found in your research and you are creating your own version of recent and relevant or is it in your Niche and did it go viral recently if you're trying to emulate orate create your version of an outlier video that went viral a year ago well guess what the trends change things change what worked a month ago may not work today look for videos that are outliers in the last week in the last 3 to 5 days the more recently that they went viral the more likely you're going to be able to ride that wave and get more views speaking of riding the waves number five Trends use them Trends are a great way for you to get an extra little push from the algorithm to be able to go viral now trends can be trending sounds or they can be trending formats as you start posting more and more and you see what works for you and you see what other creators are doing you're going to start noticing that there are certain topics Hooks and formats and structures for creating content that are more successful than others and everybody uses them and so you need to start using them too and if you're like Mike I don't know how to find trending sounds I don't know how to do that I got you check out this video number six stop the scroll if people swipe past your video and never even watch it your views will die you you won't get the watch time you need to start thinking about the first 3 seconds of your video like a title and thumbnail of a YouTube video when someone sees it does it grab their attention is there a hook or something interesting that makes them want to stop and see what you have to say take advantage of the text on the screen put a headline above your head to grab their attention use the things that you say like plan out the first words that you say in that video to really hook them in and then number seven focus on retention once you hook them in you got got to keep them on the video and really the two best tips that I can give you for this is eliminate all of the fluff and then make your video shorter the shorter the video is the easier it is to get a high percentage of watch time on that video and go viral now once you start doing these things study your videos look for patterns what is working double down on that thing repost your viral videos remake your viral videos reuse your viral topics all of the most successful creators are reusing the things that worked over and over and over again okay Mike but I watched all of your videos I did all of the things am I Shadow banned there are actually a few ways you can get Shadow Bann so I just want to run through them really quickly and most of them revolve around either violating the terms of service in some way or being spammy so first one do not post your videos on multiple accounts if you're posting the same video on multiple accounts you will look like a spammer you look like a bot they are going to ban you number two make sure you don't violate the terms of service if you are breaking the rules you will not get views that seems pretty simple but so many people get this messed up and I think one of the biggest areas that people screw this up is by creating like theme pages and clips channels where they're posting other people's content and you have to go and read the like what original content is considered underneath the terms because you can use clips and stuff but you have to not you can't just repost the original thing you have to make it unique and original in some way by modifying it and using it in a new in unique way and look I don't do that I'm not an expert on that go read the terms next don't be spammy like if you are posting five six seven nine times a day that looks spammy and you might be having success with it and then on the seventh video you post you get zero views and then you wonder why for the next few days every time you post a video you get no views it's because you you screwed up and if a video doesn't work don't delete it deleting videos does not help you it hurts your account if a video does doesn't do well who cares move on create another one it's dead it's lost in space nobody's going to see it just go improve and make a better video now if you think you are Shadow band there's a way to figure it out first are you getting no views are you getting no views on multiple videos I actually got shadowbanned in one of my first accounts I talk about it in one of my older videos because what was happening is I was experimenting and doing all of these things on Tik Tok and some Guru was like Hey you know create five accounts and post the same video on all of them and the one that gets the most views at the start that's your magic account that's the one you need to do and so I did that and I was posting on multiple accounts and next thing you know I started getting zero views for like a dozen videos in a row on all the accounts why because I looked like a spammer so if you're getting no views like that's a sign and what you can do is you can actually just go to your video go to the bottom click the more data where it shows you the analytics and if it's saying ineligible for the fyf or for you feed then that means that like hey you did something wrong you violated the terms or there's a problem and so if you're getting consistently like no views like I was then yes go ahead and start over but you need to understand this 98% of the time you aren't actually shadowbanned and creating a new account is not going to help you because even if you create a new account you still have the problem of not making good enough videos that win in the test phase and get pushed into the traffic phase to go viral and so if you want a more in-depth stepbystep instruction on how to create videos so you can grow as quickly as possible and win the test phase and go viral I want you to watch this video this is like my complete guide I share my screen I pull it up on my phone I show you exactly what to do and what kind of content to create to grow as fast as you [Music] can

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeYanda [3 likes]: 👉 Want my plug-and-play funnel that turns views into paying clients — automatically? Click here to get it (and my bonus training) 100% FREE: https://www.gohighlevel.com/myanda?fp_ref=ddh44
  2. @crush047 [1 likes]: Yeah haters will do it on purpose to hurt that one's account.
  3. @ChitoshiChitende: I now have  zero views  and I don't know why
  4. @trueluqmann: Before I used to get 2K+ views on every new post on TikTok, but one day I posted video about YouTube promotion on my TikTok account, that day my account views got freezed, now I get 300 views on every new video, it hurts me so much 😢, I should not have posted YT promotion, so my account would still get 2K+ views 😢😢
  5. @Rix4701: Thank you for the advice and information, unfortunately even after falling these steps my posts are still under preforming, but my account is freshly made with little posts so hopefully it’ll fix itself soon
  6. @liftyahusha: I posted a photo that shows my new Substack that’s still in line with my topic. After that post, all of my videos since then have dropped to less than 50/video.
  7. @Lunarix5: Short form content is extremely bad at holding anyone's attention as their dopamine receptors are fried out.
Even kpop idols are resorting to thirst trap content.
Google AI literally will tell you that you have one second to hook people. That's the attention span of a mosquito.
  8. @cynthiagenone3436: I haven't even reached the thousand views yet. I just want to share my baking and crochet and get some friends but now Im not getting any views.
  9. @Karen-kk2uj: Does private your videos hurt your views? I pivoted topics in my account and so I put in private old videos that by the way were in another language too, and my views are less than 50 per video now...I never have great views in this account but less than 100 consistently is not good, so not sure if to put the videos again available to everyone or keep posting in the hope that it improves or what to do ...thank you!
  10. @kylejantjiesauthor: I was growing from 500 to 900, just broke 1000 views and now I can't even get over 200 views
  11. @ravagesnake: bro i was gettin 1k views in up nie im only gettin 30 views in less sb help out
  12. @aimantahir-z4j: Views stuck at 900
  13. @BaconBloxForever: My first 4 vids got 0 views(were before I started making better vids and I didn't really care) then my 5th video was one of the better ones and got 1k views as did the 6th and 7th one. My 8th got 40k+, 9th got almost 5k. My 10th and 11th got 25-30k and my 12h and 13th got 50k+, that is also when I reached 1k followers and my 3 vids after that got less then 1k views. Anyone what the problem is?
  14. @saraeldeeb5951: I think i got shadowbanned because i switched my account from business to creator i used to get viral a lot and have a very high reach but now its awful and i’m stuck at 300 views !! And i receive platform support views please help me how can i fix that I’m devastated its been 3 weeks and i’m posting consisybut still i’m banned
  15. @P1K3000: It's all about bots............💀
  16. @Zoom123-q9w: I have been posting tiktok for 3months, I was getting 10k+ followers per day and got 1M views back to back in 2 of my posts then boom it happened the past 2weeks I am in 200 jail for no reason and almost getting "not eligible" sign for almost all my posts (remember I make my original clips)
  17. @crush047: My lives are 0 viewers posts are low views I use good content I use there filters I don't get it.
  18. @1xbet_walletAgent: Why are there no views after uploading a video on TikTok?😢😢😢😢
  19. @justAcarrot1231: Nope i get 10 views total
  20. @zayteen2490: I have 123 followers, and i usually have 500 views, but i have one vid that has a little over 100k views

- Small Channels.. Use This HACK to Turn Views on YouTube Shorts Into Subscribers  (NEW METHOD): Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why nobody's subscribing to your YouTube channel no seriously I see so many small YouTubers right now on this platform getting hundreds of views every day thousands of you some of you tens of thousands of views every single day and you aren't gaining subscribers from it the reason being is because you're missing out on three things that I'm going to share with you in this video in fact by the end of this video I guarantee that once you begin implementing these things you're going to start getting more subscribers immediately in fact I just helped this Creator do it and gain 10K Subs in just a few days this Creator over 40K and this created over 50 000 subscribers in just a few days by implementing these simple tips in fact like I said it's going to guarantee get you more subscribers on YouTube if you're getting views right now but before I can share those with you I need you to smash that subscribe button if you want to grow quicker on YouTube Instagram or Tick Tock I'd literally upload a video about how to get on these platforms every single day and you're going to get a ton of value by seeing my future videos from this channel that being said the reason that people aren't subscribing to your channel is because you're not asking them to in fact you need to have an auto subscribe link I spoke about this in my last video but if you put this at the end of your channel it's going to allow you to get more subscribers because when somebody clicks on that it's going to automatically make them subscribe you see basic human psychology is that if you make somebody do multiple things before they get a desired outcome the odds of them actually doing that thing decreases significantly which is why a lot of you guys don't get subscribers because you just have people watch your video you don't ask them to actually subscribe and that's the reason that they're not subscribing or you tell them to subscribe and in order to do that they have to go through a bunch of different hoops and then click the Subscribe button make it easy for them just have it be a link and then there are also several things you can do with that link one you can put it in the pin comment below two you could use it in community posts in fact I strongly suggest you put in community post and I strongly suggest you make people feel bad in those Community posts you should be doing a community post two to three days a week that's a poll that says are you subscribed yes no and have a sad face next to the no and have a happy face next to the S and then have the auto subscribe link this will increase the amount of subscribers that you're getting in fact I guarantee that it's going to increase the number of subscribers that you're getting because the reason that so many of you aren't getting subscribers is because you're simply not asking for it or you're not doing the two other things that we're about to dive in to in this video the other reason that somebody might not be you're not actually giving them what they want maybe you posting too many niches and I see so many creators do this if you're a small Channel on YouTube you need to Niche down I tell the story all the time I used to only post about Tick Tock content now I post about Tick Tock YouTube and Instagram but if you started trying to do all three of them and I did start trying to do all three of them I saw no success I only started to see success when I started to focus on one thing applied it to a niche and actually understood that Niche better than anybody else on the platform because you need to understand the person that understands the audience that they're trying to reach the best is the person that's going to win I see so many creators make the mistake of trying to understand their audience that is one of the worst things that you could do you do not want to understand your current audience you shouldn't be polling them ask them questions asking them what they want to see you shouldn't be doing that because that's only going to cater to the few people that already know about who you are what you need to do is cater to the large massive audience you are actually trying to reach for example if that's Minecraft then it's Minecraft people if it's fashion It's Fashion people if it's crypto it's crypto people if it's Finance it's Finance people you guys get the gist whoever you're trying to reach that is who you need to be appealing to not your current audience your current audience is going to stick with you because they're interested in you and they're already interested YouTube is a very sticky Place once you have an audience they're going to continue to see your videos over and over again because that's how the YouTube algorithm works now the key is going to be getting your content in front of those people and that's going to happen if you're staying on Trend with what is actually trending within your Niche that's exactly why I created daily content ideas.com you could go to the link in the pin comment below and for just one dollar right now you could get started receiving the trends within your Niche on YouTube you heard that right if you want to know what is trending within your Niche what kind of content you should be creating so that you can actually tap into that new audience that you want to be reaching sign up for this it's basically an email newsletter where I'm going to send you personalized trends for whatever Niche you're in every single day Monday to Friday you get started for just a single dollar and then it's ten dollars a week after that but I strongly suggest you get signed up worse comes to worst if you don't like the way that it works you can just simply unsubscribe and I know every single one of you has a dollar so there's no excuse for not signing up again go to the link in the pin comma below and the reason that you want to do that is because you need to make sure that you're actually tapped into what your audience is watching the reason that you need to tap into what your audience is watching because that's the only way to get YouTube to recommend your content you could be talking about all the right things that your audience wants to see but if your titles aren't correct your thumbnails are incorrect and one other thing that I will share a little bit later on in this video it's going to be the reason that you do not actually attract that audience because how YouTube essentially works is you need to push out content first you need to convince a YouTube algorithm that you are making content for said audience secondly you need to then get the YouTube algorithm to display that content to that audience and third that audience needs to click on it it needs to resonate with them immediately which is a mistake that I see so many of you creators make and it starts with your intro if you go back to the intro of this video what did I do and in fact I'm implementing all these things that I'm asking you to do in this video in this video so if you need to re-watch it again so that you can see all these things in action then go ahead and re-watch it again but essentially I started this video off by relating to you I said aren't you mad that your views aren't turning into subscribers now if you're trying to grow on YouTube I know everyone struggles with this I used to struggle with this in fact I still struggle with this a lot and so many other creators struggle with it and I've helped tens of thousands of creators now that were struggling with this turning it around which is exactly why I'm creating this video and sharing those tactics with you nevertheless I started the video off with that it made you feel something it made you feel how frustrated you are every single day that you wake up and you might see that you got a thousand views yesterday ten thousand views but you didn't get the subscribers that you wanted I hit the nail on the head with what this audience wants and that's exactly why this video is going to do well this video is going to attract more views and this video is going to attract returning viewers to my channel which is the next thing that you need to make sure that you're focused on if you want to get more subscribers because let me ask you a question how weird would it be if you have a girlfriend right now you have a boyfriend maybe you're married maybe you don't have a relationship you might be too young but how weird would it be if you saw an attractive person that you were into and the first thing that you asked them is if you want to get married that's essentially what you're doing by asking somebody that's watched your channel one time to subscribe now I'm not saying that you shouldn't be adding that into your content because it's not is intrusive as just asking somebody to marry you the first time that you meet them now sure this might work every now and again but the way that you're actually going to get somebody to marry you is by having multiple interactions with them communicating with them which is exactly why you need returning viewers to your content which is why you need to go into your analytics you need to be looking at what videos are allowing people to return to your channel and attracting people to return to your channel and I would recommend that you double down on that type of content it might be a certain Niche it might be a certain type of content it might be fear-mongering it might be you telling the future but whatever the case is you need to be creating more content like that because the more times that you get somebody to return to your channel the easier it is to get them to subscribe to convince them to subscribe and that's something that so many of you small channels are missing right now and another thing that you could do to make this incredibly simple is make sure that you actually have content that people can binge watch creating a binge session on YouTube if you're not doing that it's going to be essential to getting more subscribers you want to know why Mr Beast has so many subscribers or so many people click on his videos and no I'm not telling you to be Mr Beast I'm not telling you to try to be Mr Beast the reason that he's been so successful is because everybody knows that when they click on one of his videos they're going to get Excellence now I'm not saying that you need to spend a million dollars a video I'm simply saying that you need to understand what the audience wants deliver it to them and that will be Excellence for your audience and that's exactly what you need to make sure that you're doing because if you're not doing that you're missing the views you deserve you're missing the subscribers you deserve and ultimately you're not going to make the money that you want to be making from YouTube I know that you're watching this video right now because you want to be a full-time YouTube Creator and I want to help you get there which is exactly why I want you to keep watching this video and I'm going to share with you how I can guarantee you grow on YouTube because essentially the only reason that you're not growing right now that you're not getting the subscribers that you want that you're not getting the views that you want is because you're not tapped into what your audience actually wants which essentially means that your scripts are off Your Hooks and your videos are off your titles are off or your thumbnails are off and it's only those four things that you need to change but it's a drastic difference between doing it really right and doing it really wrong and for a lot of you it might come down to simply not using a hashtag we're not posting at the right time or simply missing out on one simple tactical thing that if you made that change in your YouTube channel it would make all the difference between you growing and you not growing I've literally helped tens of thousands of people already do this I've helped my own channel do this you guys are watching me do this in real time you've seen me Skyrocket my growth on YouTube where other people have slowed down other people have failed to grow and I continue to grow incredibly quickly and I can do the same exact thing for your channel if you keep watching this video finally I just launched my YouTube shorts mentorship program which guarantees that I can help you grow on YouTube in just 30 days if you want to find out more go to the link in the description but to put it simply you're gonna go through six steps to becoming a YouTube shorts expert then I'm gonna make you a personalized plan I'm gonna tell you exactly what to post what titles to use what thumbnails to use what descriptions to use what tags to use what your content should actually look like how your editing should be and so much more and then for the next 30 days I'm gonna critique your content to guarantee that you grow it's incredibly simple if you don't grow on YouTube in the 30 days I'm gonna give you your money back zero questions asked this is not just a course this is not just information it's me actually telling you exactly what to do critiquing you Consulting me coaching you on how to be a full-time YouTuber how to grow on YouTube how to reach your goals on YouTube and again if you don't grow on YouTube in the 30 days you get your money back zero questions asked there's absolutely no risk for signing up the only risk is not taking advantage of this situation right now with YouTube shorts and growing on YouTube so please do not be somebody that does that that being said if you're not interested just watch the next two videos I'm gonna put up on the screen because the other videos that YouTube thinks you should watch next thank you so much for watching thank you foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [102 likes]: Get daily content ideas for your niche: https://dailycontentideas.com/
  2. @HorizonHostel: Small creator lets go
  3. @HorizonHostel: Lets go
  4. @ajnabbibande: Good
  5. @ArtemisVisionn: Thank you for explaining 🙌
  6. @BlueSaberBS: i have 500 and im getting bullied at school so hopefully if i hit 1k people will like me ❤
  7. @Flameing257: 22 subscribers rn
  8. @SirCundleBerryGaming: So many hoops, look down 1 inch on the video your already watching and click Subscribe lol so much effort smh
  9. @soul_redemption3: We all got this for sure 🎉
  10. @Twanzo777: Been posting for 20 days in a row of shorts
  11. @chasethesun-forever: thanks this was helpful hopefully I get to 1,000 one day
  12. @WisdomFolkStories: Small YouTube just keep the spirit, we will surely get there💪 no matter what, coz everyone on YouTube started with zero subscribers, even Mr Beast
  13. @djmarki-97: Small Youtubers gather here
👇
  14. @YourBoyCJ13: ZimGamersGoneWild?sub_confirmation=1

Like this ????
  15. @SarahPonzio-x6w: Thanks you so much and helps  a lot !!!
  16. @ClipSpine-w6c7y: Thanks
  17. @pink-r4k: I have 75 subscribers but I'm happy 😊
  18. @PhobyRank: Useful 🔥
  19. @FavourMahruf-hy2rm: @FavourMahruf-hy2rm
  20. @MMJCARDS: Years later this is still good!

- From 0 to 1,000 Subscribers in Just 9 Days… How I Did It: Kind: captions Language: en - The fastest way to get to 1,000 subscribers on YouTube right now is to post YouTube Shorts, and I have proof. But warning, it's really not as simple as that. There's actually a right way to do this and there is a wrong way to do it. For example, on a brand new channel that I started recently with zero subscribers, I posted a YouTube Short and you can see here in the first 28 days, it got 7,405 views. Not too bad. So, I decided to try this out again, and in the first 28 days of my second YouTube Short, it got 32.1 thousand views. Again, not too shabby. But I got an idea. I thought, I could do better than this. So on my third YouTube Short, I tried something completely different. And you can see, within the first hour of posting this Short, I got 76,000 views. And to-date, that Short has brought in over two million views and 6,600 subscribers. Now, if I just would've posted this kind of a Short on my YouTube channel on day one, you can see I would've hit 1,000 subscribers in nine days. Now, on this channel, it actually took me 28 days to get my first 1,000 subscribers, but I believe I can help you get there even faster. People know that YouTube Shorts are getting pushed by the algorithm right now, and so if you are posting YouTube Shorts, the chances are, you're probably getting a lot more views on your Shorts than your regular videos, especially if you're just a beginner. However, what a lot of people don't know is that Shorts actually convert more subscribers than long-form content does. And here's the proof. On this channel, I posted a regular video, and you can see that it took off and got a million views in the first 62 days. And if we crossed over to the subscribers, we can see that, in the first 62 days, it got 1,241 subscribers from those one million views. Now, on the YouTube Short, we can see that, in the first 19 days, it got a million views. And when it comes to subscribers, on that day 19 when it hit a million views, I got 3,910 new subscribers. That means that my Shorts are getting three times as many subscribers as my regular videos. Let me explain why the first two Shorts did not do as well as my third Short. You see, on the first two, I really didn't give it much thought. I actually used the clip method that you can do on your phone. And so, I didn't even have to edit these Shorts. I just pulled them from my long-form content, I clipped it into a Short, I tried to add some text, and picked the best moment from that video, and they did pretty well, but they ended up tapering off and not performing that well over time. Now, on my third viral YouTube Short, I decided to do something completely different. I decided that I was gonna spend the extra time to make a YouTube Short from scratch and upload it to YouTube. Now I spent a lot more time on the script and the edits, so this is gonna take a lot more time than just clipping something on your long-form video. However, it ended up being totally worth it. So let me share exactly what I did and how you can do this too. And if you want more free content like this, check out our YouTube challenge. It's absolutely free. It's five days long and we're gonna show you how to get your first 1,000 subscribers or your next 1,000 subscribers and also how to make money on YouTube. Click the link in the description or go to Tube1KChallenge.com. So here's how you can do this. The first step is alignment. You really wanna make sure that the Short you're going to make aligns with your channel's viewers. The reason for this is, YouTube is actually going to recommend this Short to the people who are already watching some of the videos on your channel. So you want those people to be interested in because this is the first pool of people who YouTube actually sees if they like your video and if they should send it to more people. And since my channel is about basketball and the NBA, I made sure that my YouTube Short was going to be about the NBA. Now, the second step you need to do is your research. You wanna start looking around in your niche at different Shorts that are going viral, that are getting a lot of views, and you wanna start to study them. Once you find some of these popular Shorts, you really want to write some stuff down, specifically writing down the themes of the edits or the pacing or the text, the music, how are they putting this all together, how long are these videos, and start to analyze the data for what's working in the niche. And I found that there was kind of a specific format that did really well within the basketball niche, and so I decided I was gonna take that same format and apply it to the video I wanted to make. Step three is to come up with ideas. Just like a regular long-form video, you really wanna be thinking about, what do the viewers wanna watch? And then from that, you an reverse engineer a video that would be interesting to a majority of the niche. Now, a major power tip here that is gonna help you get a ton of views is to use trend surfing. This is when you utilize, usually in your title and in your video, the most influential keywords, names, brands into your video. Now, once you have your idea, step four is scripting. For the script, you really want to be as concise as possible and leave no fluff in this script. Shorts are very quick and you wanna make sure that you are getting to the point and getting to the next point as soon as possible. Now, if you have a really long script or maybe you're wanting to take one of your long-form videos and condense that into a Short, what you can do is go to ChatGPT and take that long-form script and then ask it to summarize and shorten that script. Then you can use that for your Short. Step five is then to shoot your Short. And honestly, for Shorts, the gear really doesn't matter, but I like to think that audio matters more than video quality when it comes to the Shorts feed. And if you can, ideally, you'd move around and get different shots in different places throughout the video to kinda mix it up. Which leads me to step six, which is editing. Now, the goal here is you wanna aim for a high average view duration. Meaning, when someone starts watching your video, let's say it's a 60-second Short, which is the max duration you could do, you want them to watch all of it. Or maybe it's a shorter Short and it's 10 seconds long. You want them to watch that over and over again and kinda spike that average view duration. Now, I have a method that I use that is gonna help you guys as well, and this is called the loop method. Now, you've probably seen this before when you're watching a video and the ending actually synchronizes with the beginning. Now, if you're going to do this, you really need to start thinking back during the scripting phase, because the beginning of that script is going to have a sentence where the video starts off on the second half of that sentence, and the video ends with the first half of that sentence. And that's how it's able to kind of mesh together perfectly. Now, as far as the length that I was shooting for, I was going for a longer Short. Anywhere from 40 to 60 seconds is what I was aiming for with really the goal of keeping them entertained for as long as possible. Now, when editing, if you feel like you're kinda stretching stuff out to make it longer just for the sake of making it longer, don't do this. It's better to actually keep it shorter. At the end of my video, it ended up being 45 seconds long with the average view duration being 41 seconds. And in the analytics right here, you can see that at the zero-second mark, it's actually 186 people still watching. That means that there are people who watched the very end of it and then they watched the beginning again. And so that's why it's actually above 100%. Now that you have your Short edited and you posted it on YouTube, here's the ultimate hack that a lot of people don't think of. And that is to post long-form content. Let me explain. The YouTube algorithm right now really is trying to push Shorts, and it's trying to find the right Shorts for the right audience. If you watch a new creator, let's say, and you watch one video and maybe two videos, even if you don't subscribe, what you'll notice is you'll start to see that creator's Shorts on your Shorts feed. So what I've learned is that when people actually find your long-form videos, your Shorts are gonna get boosted to those people who like your long-form content. Now in order to do this step, you need traffic coming in to your long-form content so that it can also spike your Shorts views as well. And there's actually a formula to do this that we call the perfect video recipe. And this is the same exact formula that I use to get hundreds of thousands of views on a brand new channel and even a million views on one video. And you can click on the screen to watch the full masterclass where I break down exactly how to do this for your own videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [405 likes]: 🔥 Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2025 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @Tayopodcast [2 likes]: Small content creators teamwork
  3. @ThENuGGieZZZ [1 likes]: Never give up
  4. @TeamSalishsClub [1 likes]: Are my videos good?
  5. @LaurentiuuFishing [1 likes]: Who is small creator?
  6. @Padmamajjivibesofficial-k5d [1 likes]: I pray that every small YouTube creator becomes a successful big creator in the future. Thank you to everyone who is watching my message, and may God bless you all.
  7. @gohan9657: Need followers 318
  8. @MetaGuide7: I just wanted to say thank you for all the tips and advice you’ve shared over the past months. Your videos genuinely helped me stay consistent and keep improving instead of giving up early.

A month ago, reaching even 100 subscribers felt impossible. Today, after one month of consistent work, I’m just a hair away from my first 500 subscribers. That might sound small to big creators, but for small channels starting from zero, it feels huge.

To anyone reading this who feels like the mountain is too high to climb: keep going. Stay consistent, improve one video at a time, and don’t quit too early. If I could get this far, you absolutely can too.

Seriously, thank you again for the motivation and guidance. It means more than you probably realize.
  9. @New-i2-q8: I really hope to get my 1k soon 😢
  10. @THECELEBRITY007: GREAT JOB
  11. @simmplelife: I hope we all get to meet our target one day. Sending best wishes from my small channel to yours. ❤
  12. @JoshuaLigod: I'm a mobile user
  13. @RealTraptonExedes: Hopefully every new YouTube channel makes it to 1k
  14. @vaniyedolll: I’ll come back to this video if I get over 1k
  15. @PercivalOpperman: Hope we all make it
  16. @stick-brother-620: 3:33
  17. @stick-brother-620: 1:58 1:59
  18. @AlphaBeastMindset-p6w: Ameging
  19. @make_food_with_Edi: I am stuck on 71 subscribers
  20. @BrhanMedia2: Small channels let’s do team work 😊

- Small Channels: DO THIS to DOUBLE YOUR SUBSCRIBERS in 5 Minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Waking up to zero new subscribers, every single day, sucks. (splat) But it doesn't have to be like that. You can get tons of YouTube subscribers using one of the simplest tricks there is. And here's the thing, you already know what to do. You just need to know when to do it. (scream) It's not yet. (bell ring) Question time! On average, how many subscribers do you gain from each video that you make? As usual, let us know in the comments below but after you've tried this tactic, return to that comment and update us. Because we tried this on just one of our videos and it doubled the number of subscribers we gained. And all we needed to do was ask. That's right, it's one of the oldest and simplest methods there is. You don't get if you don't ask. Now, personally speaking and regular viewers, will know that I almost never ask people to subscribe to vidIQ during our videos. I'll tell you why this is at the end of this video, but recently I decided to do it as a one off. As you can see from a little over 100,000 views, this video gained a little over 2000 subscribers. That's a rough conversion of one subscriber every 53 views. Which is not too shabby, is it? Now, by comparison on a another video with a similar amount of views where I did not ask the viewer to subscribe to vidIQ, it gained 930 subscribers. one subscriber, every 116 views. Basically, we doubled the number of subscribers we gained Because we asked. Which is awesome! Not yet! (upbeat music) The biggest mistake everyone makes is asking viewers to subscribe far too early. I mean, we're nine seconds into this video with its excruciatingly long, pointless intro and we're already being asked to subscribe. And you know what my response to this is? As a viewer, why? Why should I subscribe to your channel? You've not done anything to earn it, and you've annoyed me by asking. Wasting the first valuable seconds of your video asking for subs will tank your audience retention. Try to think about the viewers journey here. You promised something in that thumbnail and title. And you need to start delivering on it immediately. Oh, and by the way, while it may seem like I'm picking on some random persons video, they did submit their channel for our Tuesday channel reviews, so I think they're fair game. So let's take a look at this video with its 2000 new subscribers and see how it started. There are two huge pain points all small YouTube channels face. 1000 subscribers and 4,000 hours of watch time. But in a massive YouTube monetization update, all of this could become a thing of a past. Yeah, thought that'd your attention. So after 15 seconds, audience retention is at 81%. Which is solid. And consider what happened in those first 15 seconds. I didn't introduce myself, I didn't tell you what vidIQ is about, and I certainly didn't ask you to subscribe. No, I didn't do a video intro. I tried to grab the viewers' attention with a video hook. I identified the pain points of a target audience of a video YouTubers who want to get monetized and then teased a possible solution to that pain point. In short, the video hook was all about the viewer. And to be honest, that's a general rule that you can apply to all aspects of YouTube. Put the audience first. And that's exactly what we did For four minutes, 42 seconds, we explain the rumors around the monetization updates. What might happen, and how it may help or hinder creators. We gave nothing but value until 30 seconds before the end of a video But whatever happens, I've got an unusual request. I haven't asked anybody to subscribe to a VidIQ channel for almost two years, but if you do wanna stay up to date with all of these monetization changes, yeah I think you need to subscribe and turn on a notification bell. I can't believe I've said that! We gave people a compelling reason to subscribe. You've just watched a video about monetization. If you wanna know more about monetization on YouTube, you should probably subscribe. And what's more, we know these people are invested in the content because they've got this far into the video Audience retention, at the point these subscribe calls-to-action appears, is at 35%. Which by law of averages suggests that about 35,000 of the 100,000 people who clicked on the thumbnail entitled are still watching. On the surface, that sounds like a small fraction of the audience and a missed opportunity. But if you've done your job right and made the viewer feel that the video was made for them, you've established a relationship You've made them care. So yeah, I now know that subscribers are really important to you. And if you wanna know how to get more subscribers, we're gonna do tons more videos on the subject, so get to it. You don't have to wait until the end of a video to ask for the subscribe, but what you must do is deliver significant value first. As for why I don't typically ask people to subscribe, it's a big fat waste of time. We've already got a million subscribers. Being serious for a second though, beyond 1000 subscribers, it's just a vanity metric. Return viewers and average views per viewer are far more valuable metrics when measuring channel health and channel growth. And we made videos on those topics! But you don't care about any of that, do you? You just want more people tapping on this. And if you wanna know which is the most valuable subscribed button there is, then check out this video over here. You better do it quick! (bomb explosion)

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [504 likes]: 👉 Grow your channel TODAY with vidIQ for FREE: vidiq.com/install
  2. @Rosa._.gaming-888 [1 likes]: 0:31 usually about 50-300
  3. @ElliottMace-t2c [1 likes]: I get 0 subs average
  4. @Speculon81 [1 likes]: 3-5 subs
  5. @RioSoRandom_YT [1 likes]: KEEP GRINDING, GUYS!
  6. @OutSmartMe16 [1 likes]: I got 1 subscriber in 3 shorts
  7. @Planet_playzmc [1 likes]: I think I average 14 subs per vid or somth like that?
  8. @HorizonHostel [1 likes]: Lets go let's grow
  9. @merabanda5503 [1 likes]: 1😭
  10. @KaanArllati [1 likes]: i get 0 😢
  11. @Apollo_plays4 [1 likes]: 0
  12. @lilRiseOaken: My average is 0-4
  13. @JC4118GAMES: my average is 1
  14. @Q-Dawg123: i get about 0.2 subs per video.
  15. @1millionflips2016: ❤❤❤
  16. @oyo_noris: I Don't know how it feels to make 1k subscribers 😢
  17. @Lolicantcraft: I gain around 20 subs or less,also I need advice,what do i do when I start getting outlier videos,like my channel had been getting around 17 views per video,and then suddenly 2 of my latest vids got +1k views ,and the engagement is good ,and the main source is recommended 😊?
  18. @Divinity_yt-v2w1m: I only get 1-2 subs every 3 month
  19. @Geoman-i7l: I averaged 0.25 subscribers per video
  20. @KKTalks91: I ussually just do um hook, intro, and back into video.

- How Beluga Gained 4 Million Subscribers in 3 Months (Genius Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en this has been the craziest youtube journey of all time i think we might actually be the fastest channel to hit 4 million subscribers in 3 months with like 50 videos yes you just heard that right this kid in his bedroom who makes random videos about discord conversations has built one of the fastest growing youtube channels in history and the best part is this was all planned you see up until a few months ago beluga was gaining about 800 subscribers a month but then in june this happened beluga with his infamous cat profile picture suddenly started getting recommended all across youtube what makes it more interesting is the reasons for this sudden growth are very hard to identify his thumbnails are often poorly cropped and blurry and his videos are mainly just discord conversations with no voice over i mean sure it's funny but how can a made-up discord conversation between two cats have 25 million views what are we missing what could beluga possibly have discovered about youtube in june that led to this growth well i decided to dig deeper into beluga's backstory and it shouldn't surprise you that this guy is a lot smarter than it seems in fact beluga has pretty much discovered the new blueprint for how to grow a youtube channel he used the three-step system to beat the algorithm the thing is when beluga first started his channel it was very unclear what his strategy was i mean his first videos included a reaction to a man being attacked by a goose a random minecraft documentary and a commentary video on dream the really interesting thing was hidden inside this video here on the surface it may look like a simple explanation of why he was changing his name to beluga but within these 67 seconds it became clear that he knew something that no one else did i changed my channel name from survival mode to beluga because i think it's a better name and also starting next week i'm going to post some of the best videos on the entire internet i have some huge plans for the channel and i really appreciate your support if this channel blows up in the future you might want to like the video and comment now to prove you were here when it started i mean having confidence is one thing but the way beluga spoke here made me realize something this wasn't his first rodeo which takes us on to step number one beluga had a catalyst right now a lot of people say youtube is too competitive and there is some truth behind this there has never been more creators competing for the same audience but here's the good thing youtube's algorithm rewards great videos now that might sound overly simple but when you strip back all the noise its purpose is to show intriguing and well-made videos to the right audience as you may know youtube measures this with two main metrics click through rate i.e the percentage of people who click when shown the video and average view duration which is how long these people end up watching the video for here's the difficulty though how can youtube tell if a video is good if no one sees it in the first place it's a chicken and egg scenario the first 1 000 viewers are always the hardest to capture some creators target search using keywords some try to make videos about current trends hoping to get sweeped up into the wave of content and then there's the shortcut strategy that beluga used utilizing a growth catalyst you see the truth is this wasn't beluga's first channel in fact his youtube journey had actually began in 2019 when he launched a channel about lucid dreaming after growing this channel to almost 1 million subscribers it was clear beluga wanted a new challenge he decided to go all in on cross promotion he mentioned and linked his new channel at every opportunity he also made community posts about it and even funneled traffic to his beluga videos through end screens this promotion definitely helped but it only brought in a few thousand viewers so why was it so significant well it was the spark that lit the fire now youtube had an audience to test beluga's videos with they could show these viewers the videos and if the click-through rate and average view duration was good the algorithm would kick in and start pushing the videos to more people if a channel is set up in the right way an injection of people can lead to a snowballing effect but there's a problem you see a lot of people think getting a shout out from a larger channel is like hitting the jackpot but if the content you're making isn't already optimized it can have the opposite effect so how did beluga make videos that the algorithm loved well that takes us on to step two beluga became the session time king we all know watch time is very important to grow on youtube so how can a guy who makes two and three minute videos be getting so much promotion well that's because beluga makes bingeable loops of content the videos may be short but the average session time is long this phrase is used to describe the total duration that someone is watching youtube content not just one video think about this from youtube's perspective they could show a viewer a 10 minute video and they might click off halfway through and leave the platform this would result in just 5 minutes of session time but if they show the same viewer a beluga video they might go on to watch three more all the way through leading to a total session time of over 8 minutes this is why the length is irrelevant if you can make videos that people watch from start to finish so how does beluga do this let's take a look at this video here and break it down in action the first thing i want you to pay attention to is beluga's constant use of sound effects [Music] okay in these opening 10 seconds there were 11 different sound changes the discord pinging almost forces you to stay engaged the explosion sound effects and music add variety and the awkward pauses emphasizes the humor it's very hard to feel bored with so much happening a lot of creators focus all their attention on the visual edits and not enough on the sound also you might have noticed just how fast-paced the messages appear and disappear see if you can follow this conversation without having to rewind the main reason beluga does this is to keep the viewer as an active watcher beluga demands your full attention if you look away for even a second you will miss vital context there's also a bit of a sneakier reason he does this the speed that messages go by means you'll naturally have to pause and rewind a few times per video this can lead to spikes in retention and actually count for a longer average view duration but the real genius comes from beluga's storytelling i know on the surface he might not seem like the shakespeare of our times but hear me out each of his videos follow the same storytelling template a relatable situation is presented the main characters clash or there's a misunderstanding new characters enter the conversation and then the video builds towards a punchline this is his skeleton for all his discord skits the story is crafted to constantly give the viewer new stimulus youtube videos can't just have a beginning middle and end these days there needs to be multiple moving parts everything we've discussed so far is important but there's something missing that in my opinion is the main reason beluga gained 4 million subscribers in 3 months which takes us on to step 3 beluga discovered the ultimate title and thumbnail strategy let's start by looking at the titles beluga always covers topics that are very relatable even the titling style of when you is very inclusive he never writes a title that limits the video's potential every single one in theory could appeal to millions of viewers also notice how concise they are on average beluga's titles are 33 characters long for context this is almost half the average title length on youtube this is actually a competitive advantage viewers can fully understand the concept of the video in just a glance another really smart tactic is how often he uses random numbers in his titles notice here how he uses 9.17 seconds or 97.1 percent success this might seem irrelevant but trust me it's very purposeful they add an element of uniqueness to each title if he had said 10 seconds here for example it just wouldn't stand out as much it almost looks too perfect and there's even more to learn from his thumbnails first of all they capture something that's very recognizable in the first person it's meant to feel like your own screen whether it's discord frame requests or the iphone time limit this complements the broad appeal of his titles the real key though is how his thumbnails are always paused just before something happens they leave you with an unanswered story look at this one for example you need to click to get the reward what is beluga about to say that will end the argument he also deliberately keeps his thumbnails amateur looking even leaving in stuff like the typos and blur is all intentional trust me this guy knows enough photoshop to make these images higher quality but he chooses not to he does this as a way to stand out in a world of highly polished thumbnails his videos stick out like a sore thumb which is a strategy in itself they also add realism to the video the best memes and viral videos always feel homemade overall his title and thumbnail formula is what i like to call statement plus intrigue his title sets up the video and states what it's about and his thumbnail creates the intrigue by teasing a storyline it's simple but when combined together he sells the video to the viewer i think if there's one thing we can be certain of this guy's growth was far from an accident beluga executed the perfect plan and who knows maybe there's someone watching this video right now who can learn from this story and grow even quicker if you found this video interesting all i ask for is a subscribe but for now though i'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @paddygalloway8780 [7900 likes]: I'm going to need your help with this one! It's been a while since I posted and my momentum on the channel is down a little, so if you enjoyed this video smash that like button and share this video with 1 friend. Would mean the world to me!
  2. @ValeBreck [1 likes]: 1:57
I got randomly recommended this video after 4 years  just to hear THAT, so now you will have to suffer as well.
  3. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: mybe i am going to send my graft and you can help me
  4. @shxxx77 [1 likes]: man help me. i am just starting to post youtube shorts
  5. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  6. @ButTheyWereWrong: small creators, unite!
  7. @KidPro27: 10:30 yup
  8. @LinkstoLife: This doesn’t really help because he already had 1 million subscribers on one channel so you’re obviously knows what he’s doing so it’s for him to expand more is just showing his confidence but doesn’t really help out anybody that’s brand new
  9. @UFOCyril: Begula is so cool, everyone loves him ! And he's smart, you're right.
  10. @EmpressKima: Im ready to be on my wayyyy🎉
  11. @WarMachine72: And they are shutting creators down left and right
  12. @Lifeofmine369: Thank you 😊
  13. @BobshibobPinkalas: I WOULD NEVER GIUESS LUCID DREAMING CHANNEL WAS BELUGA BEHIND THE SCENES
  14. @HowtoYT007: It's not luck
  15. @Still_Frame_Horror: Great info, thanks!
  16. @Foundersfull: I am the next beluga
  17. @jatall2797: Proof, man can try to play God, but it’s not sustainable! You all do understand how none of this is sustainable right? It is destined to self destruct, to implode. 

… And to think, YouTube is just ONE platform, multiply this data by hundreds of thousands of other platforms storing their own information etc.., and the numbers become mind numbing! 

Let’s hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God and KEEP HIS COMMANDMENTS, this is the whole DUTY OF MAN!!! This earth is GOING DOWN, man is out of control. We are ABUSING THE EARTH, DESTROYING NATURE, and NOT SATISFIED with GODS GOODNESS! 

Man wants to take GODS CREATION, exclude GOD, but use all of GODS STUFF to make themselves God. They do this because Satan is still trying to build his SAD KINGDOM! Satan is such a LOOSER! 

Satan .., nor the men who reject God that Satan uses, will ever be God. I just imagine God in Heaven looking at us all here on earth just shaking His Head!!! Satan is a fool… and is stealing so many souls because they are impressed by Satan’s kingdom.. not understanding everything in his kingdom are stolen goods, and his whole kingdom is going to JAIL… known as HELLLL. 

Gods power is so serious, not only is ALL OF SATANS KINGDOM going to be arrested, tried, convicted for every crime, with an ETERNAL SENTENCE of going to Helll.., but .. and.., also…, do wicked men realize that the Devilll who is in Hellll .., working though sinners on earth and leading them to Hellll.., how SATAN HIMSELF is actually on his way to HELLL TOO???? 

What do you mean? Do you know that deathh, Hellll, and the grave itself .., are all .., as the final and last judgment of God on Satan’s Kingdom .., are ALL on their way to the LAKE of FIRE?!!! 

Do you understand what that means???? That means Satan nor any of his demons will have the pleasure of tormenting anyone in Hellll EVER AGAIN in the final Judgment. Everything that Satan has ever done evil and wrong to anyone in Heaven, on earth, or in Hellll.. do you understand that Satan AND ALL HIS DEMONS have a final judgement where they will be tormented a million times worse than anything evil they ever did to anyone or anything??? 

An unimaginable, inconceivable reality awaits Satan and his entire Kingdom! You foolish people caught up in this madness on earth, who are “impressed” with technology etc.. all God has to do is turn the lights off and pull the plug.. and nothing wicked man has created works!!!  We look like we have accomplished and achieved so much as humans on the earth .. but ALL we know is equivalent to about one grain of sand in a universe of millions, billions, and trillions of stars and galaxies.., if that! 

Satan is an idiot and a looser!!! The wicked are so deceived, they trade God everyday for thirty pieces of silver!!! The fool and the prideful seriously think they can outsmart God with their inventions and intellect!!! 

Go ahead oh foolish man.. serve your idols, your false gods and false religions, worship your politics and money, gobble gobble gobble everything up you can with your insatiable greed, build your vain cities, your fine castles, exploit the earth, and abuse life … but it shall all surely be taken away from you in a flash of one moment! 

No man can escape God! Jesus is the only way of SALVATION AND ETERNAL LIFE! 

- I warn all of you in genuine LOVE AND CONCERN FOR YOUR ETERNAL SOUL.., every unrepentant sinner out there.., play stupid games with GOD ALMIGHTY.., follow around an idiottt like SATAN and foolish sinners… and i absolutely promise you.. you will win STUPIDDdd PRIZES!!!!! 

God is not to be taken lightly or played with.., we are in the last days.., time ain’t long.. REPENT.. every one of YOU… in the NAME OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST!!! 

Don’t be deceived.., THERE IS NO OTHER WAY.. JESUS.. is the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIGHT.. no man can be in relationship, serve, or know The Creator God, outside of JESUS! It is written.., YOU MUST be BORN AGAIN! ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
  18. @SOLOTravelsSteve: Just uploaded my first travel video and this makes me realise how much I’ve got to improve 😂 appreciate this
  19. @CamyClipz: nahh that is crazy
  20. @SpeedLovesBurgers: 67

- [Multi SUB] ｜渡劫飞升失败后，他转身去青楼整日和美女混在一起！当别人都以为他彻底堕落时，他直接用实力震惊全场！#剧能充电站 #MiniDrama#精彩大陆短剧: Kind: captions Language: en Senior Brother Feisheng Lingxuan Renounces Worldly Desires After a Century of Arduous Practice Today, he is finally to face the tribulation Ascending to the Qingyun Sect The greatest genius in ten thousand years His reputation is well-deserved If he succeeds today We will truly witness the path to immortality The path to immortality has finally been proven I knew Lingxuan could do it He is the first in all of history to enter the Immortal Gate The first person in all of history And he comes from our Qingyun Sect Hahaha, open it for me Great! And The Heavenly Gate has opened Why are you blocking the way? Lingxuan, you have severed the jade To sever all ties Yet you have never picked it up How can you speak of letting go? You have never indulged How can you speak of being desireless? I do not covet the worldly pleasures I do not understand the seven emotions and six desires How can one sever attachments? And fall into the mundane world Tasting every form of desire The mundane world refines the heart And ascend to the heavenly gates Jade Spring I have practiced asceticism for a hundred years Only to find I've misunderstood the very essence of the Dao I'm fine—where are you going? Refining the Mind in the Mundane World The Taoist heart is perfected I have returned I'm in a good mood today Bring me Miss Cui's indenture This young master will redeem her Oh my, Young Master Lin This is the 17th one you've bought The Yihong Courtyard is practically your private residence now Hahaha, this young master may not have much else just a lot of money And you, you, you I'll buy them all out Thank you, Master Lin Young Master Lin, you've been so kind Isn't that Senior Brother Lingxuan? He came down from the mountain not long after failing his tribulation that year I never expected that he's sunk so low as to be hanging around a place like this Though it's true that after his failure to pass the tribulation back then his spiritual veins were completely shattered and had long been a cripple but didn't the Sect Master raise him? Even if he's crippled, they wouldn't just abandon him, would they? Hey, don't you guys realize He had such incredible talent back then and yet the Sect Master didn't even take him as a disciple Clearly, he wasn't good enough And now he's even crippled Otherwise, a kid raised by the Sect Master wouldn't even be given a master No wonder I said so If the Sect Master truly valued him, why wouldn't he ever offer any guidance on his cultivation? That 's just too sad What 's so pitiful about that ? go, let's go Let's just pretend we didn't see anything Young Master Lin, I too wish to buy my freedom I want to, too All right, all right, we'll buy you out, we'll buy you out Money is the one thing Lingxuan has plenty of You Whoa, who's that? Doesn't your hand hurt from slamming the table so hard? What do you mean "we're all friends"? "Everyone's a friend"? You've befriended everyone already What am I playing here? Think we're here just to watch the show? What are you guys even here for? It's none of my business But the money's mine The girl belongs to someone else I'm spending my money, and they're happy with it How does that hurt you? How does it hurt us? You're a worthless piece of trash with your spiritual veins shattered taking the sect's money and acting like a big shot It hurts our eyes to watch you, hmph If it hurts your eyes, go find a doctor This young master is treating you Young Master Lin, you're so generous "Generous, my foot. Stop spouting nonsense." Miss Cui I've been chasing her for three months. I've spent over a hundred taels of silver Just waiting for her to say yes and come with me And here you are You just show up out of nowhere and try to buy her back What do you mean? What I mean is, did she agree? Master Lin, I—I don't want to be with him He takes his frustrations out on me at the drop of a hat Whenever he's unhappy, he hits me Did you hear me? I don't want to go with him . I paid her, so she has to serve me Your uncle's gone Who the hell am I spending my money on? Who am I spending it on? To your mother, that's who! What did you say? I said you're spending your money on your mother ! the only thing I know is that you hit someone Anyone who doesn't know would think you're paying New Year's respects Come on, come on, let me give you a red envelope Here's a red envelope What the hell are you doing? My leg just cramped up Leg cramps mean your kidneys aren't healthy Young man, you should drink less alcohol Drink more goji berries I've got some top-quality Ningxia goji berries Would you like me to give you two liang? Ling Xuan, don't get too cocky You're just a good-for-nothing freeloader off the sect What gives you the right to be so cocky? Back in the day, you were a prodigy, and we respected you Now you're not even worth a dog Oh Not even a dog At least a dog can guard the house What can you do? You're just a good-for-nothing who spends the sect's money If I were you, I'd have found a rope and hunged myself long ago Hahaha, it's not like I'm spending your money Why are you so worked up? You just can't stand Can't stand seeing a good-for-nothing like me living better than you guys surrounded by more girls than you You're full of it—haven't you forgotten Though I linger at the foot of the mountain I'm still a disciple of the Qingyun Sect If you want to pick on me Have you asked Qingyun Sect yet? All right, all right I won't hold it against you Someone, show them out Ling Xuan, you'd better remember this Once you've paid your debt If you're short on cash, come and take your deposit yourself Thank you , young master! Thank young master ! ease In this way, Lin Xuan Come out—I have something to say to you Come back with me Senior Sister, please don't try to dissuade me anymore I have no magical power left now I'm just an ordinary person This mortal world is the place that suits me best When the time comes, I'll return on my own But Senior Sister, you really did come looking for him Xiao Lie, why are you here too? I'm accompanying Miss Shangguan down the mountain to do some shopping I just happened to be passing by After all, Miss Shangguan and I are getting married soon There's so much to prepare That's for sure. Brother Xiao Lie is the newly promoted head instructor of the first tier at Qingyun Sect To forge a powerful alliance between my Shangguan family and his We're bound to throw a huge celebration What's that smell? It smells like a loser I was wondering who it was Isn't this the same person that Shangguan Xue Shangguan Xue Young Miss, what nonsense are you talking about? Nonsense! Back then You knew full well that cultivators must not become obsessed with romance yet you still insisted on for three days and two nights insisting on claiming every single member of our Qingyun Sect the spirit stones needed for cultivation just to secure me, Lin Xuan, as his nominal wife Is that even a thing? Aren't the Shangguan family supposed to have some dignity? Shut up. As long as I succeed in ascending the Shangguan family can ride on my coattails and leap to become a top-tier clan How come now that this big tree is about to fall you're already scrambling to find a new patron? You're moving pretty fast What exactly are you trying to say? Nothing, just a friendly reminder The spirit stones and elixirs —those natural treasures are all leftovers I picked out back in the day Don't listen to his nonsense Those belong to my Shangguan family What does that have to do with him? Right, right—they're the Shangguan family's things Except back then, you handed them over on your knees Now, you're handing them over standing up Not much of a difference It's all giving away anyway Hahaha Isn't it just the same thing? Just a different guy giving it The Shangguan family isn't short on money But they lack a top-tier powerhouse to hold the fort The Shangguan family really has some serious ambition They specifically target geniuses Ling Xuan is a good-for-nothing has no right to boss people around here Whether I'm a good-for-nothing or not is another matter but you're eating the snacks I left behind and married someone I wouldn't even look at and still you're here acting all high and mighty What do you think you're getting out of this? You've had your fill of Xiao Lian Senior Sister, why do you insist on protecting this good-for-nothing? and bully Senior Brother What kind of prodigy is Lin Xuan? Lin Xuan, in three months, the sect's grand competition This is the jade token for a seat among the elders Even though you've lost all your cultivation but you were still once the strongest in the history of our Qingyun Sect No matter what state you are in now you will always hold the rank of Elder within the Qingyun Sect Ah, Sect Master Are you still unable to let go of that matter? Actually, I have never blamed you What's this about an elder's seat? What right does he have A seat on the Qingyun Sect's Council At the very least, one needs to be at the Spirit Transformation stage He's a good-for-nothing—what right does he have to sit there? Just because of that hollow reputation he had 10 years ago That hollow reputation, Xiao Lie Let me ask you this If Lingxuan hadn't ascended after passing his tribulation back then and let the whole world witness the opening of the Immortal Gate would there have been all the sects rush to join the Qingyun Sect Would the Qingyun Sect even exist today? I admit you're very talented But with your arrogant attitude I'd really like to ask how Elder Mochen taught his disciples What is this? Poor guy Or is it that the Sect Master, having raised him for so many years, that he's grown attached to him and is just giving him a hollow title to keep him around? The Sect Master really has lost his mind Does a good-for-nothing even deserve the position of Elder? It should clearly go to Brother Xiao Lie A prodigy like him Hahahahahaha Shangguan Xue, you really know how to take care of your skin But let me warn you This earthly bond remains unbroken The Heavenly Gate won't open You're so good to your brother Xiao Lian What if he can't let you go when the time comes? and is unable to ascend could he truly spend the rest of his life as husband and wife in this world Hahahahahahaha Stop scaring people Back then, you were completely untouched by worldly desires You cut yourself off so completely But you still got knocked down Nowadays in the cultivation world no one believes in that nonsense anymore Only strength is the sole criterion for ascension That's hilarious Back when I was enduring the Nine-Heavenly-Thunder Tribulation you didn't even know where you were hoarding resources and lecturing me on the ways of cultivation Do you even know which way the Heavenly Gate opens? Ling Xuan, you don't need to be so sarcastic I know you're just jealous From genius to failure I get the huge letdown But let me tell you Back then, you trained relentlessly for a hundred years just to reach the threshold of ascension As for me, I spent three years just to enter the door and build my foundation and reached the Golden Core stage in seven years Now, twenty years have passed I have broken through to the mid-stage of the Nascent Soul This amount of spiritual energy is all I have at the mid-stage of the Nascent Soul With such a shaky foundation, you still have the nerve to show off Brother Xiao Lie is a prodigy—listen I've heard Back in the day, Lingxuan, it took you it took you a full 40 years—Qi Cultivation, Foundation Establishment Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Transformation of the Spirit, Great Perfection, and the Tribulation I've heard that it takes an ordinary person 30 years just to reach the Foundation Establishment stage He reached the mid-stage of the Nascent Soul in 30 years Is this even a speed a human can achieve? Qingyun Sect They've produced another prodigy No wonder he's so cocky His cultivation speed is indeed fast But for one person you've practically monopolized the sect's top-tier resources The reason for this pile of treasures and how much of that is genuine substance Can they really support your arrogance? Hmph. The sect's grand competition I will prove to the entire world That it is Lin Xuan All you have left is your big mouth The Sect Competition in three months Brother Xiao Lie will let you see with your own eyes what a true prodigy really is And you're just a good-for-nothing who'll never amount to anything Miss Shangguan you'd best leave some room for maneuver Even if Lin Xuan has rare retired from the world, he is still a member of our Qingyun Sect It's none of your business as an outsider Senior Sister, there's no need to get upset After all, some people make a name for themselves by clinging to geniuses and their horizons extend no further than the surface I've been cultivating at the mid-stage for 40 years My foundation is as solid as a rock You only spent 30 years In the sect's grand competition I'd like to see if this so-called prodigy of yours lives up to its name You good-for-nothing, get down on your knees and apologize Huh huh uh What's wrong with you? What's wrong with this loser? Is this an illusion? No It must be that Elder's jade token protecting him And the Qingyun Sect's cultivation realm I was the one who opened it back then The formula for the Body-Refining Pill you use is one I improved Even the cultivation method you practice today is steeped in the legacy I left behind Do you really think things would go so smoothly for you without me? Don't just talk big The sect's grand competition will reveal the truth Useless Every second I spend with you is a waste of my time. Pfft You're nothing but a clown Lin Xuan, don't let it get to you The Sect Competition Both the Sect Master and I hope you'll attend Even if your cultivation is far behind and looks down on you I still believe in you You have your own path Thank you, Senior Sister. I'll think about it Mm Senior Sister is kind-hearted But her cultivation is stuck at the Golden Core stage and has been unable to break through That kid Xiao Lie is restless and impatient yet he has access to rare treasures If Senior Sister faces him in the Grand Competition I'm afraid she'll be at a disadvantage I must find a treasure to replenish my spiritual energy to aid my senior sister's cultivation and let that brat know that the prodigies of Qingyun Sect aren't the kind of short-sighted, success-obsessed types Sect Master How much longer will you indulge Ling Xuan? Elder Mo Chen, what is the matter? to make him so furious What could it be The whole of Qingyun Sect is abuzz that Ling Xuan spends his days loitering in the marketplace and Squandering the sect's resources everywhere And today he even went to that brothel and is even fighting with others over the girls What on earth what does he think of the reputation of our Qingyun Sect? Snatching girls You're getting more and more dashing, aren't you? Hmph, hmph, hmph Sect Master, what are you laughing at? "Dashing"? You're clearly just a spoiled brat Never mind, never mind It fine if others say it—just let it go Ling Xuan has never touched the sect's resources All his money comes from my personal treasury But what about your... your... your Elder's jade token? The sect's grand competition is approaching All the major sects are keeping a close eye on our Qingyun Sect Ling Xuan has long since become a laughingstock in the cultivation world Not only must you bring him here, but you also want him to be on equal footing How are the cultivators of the world supposed to view us? as a senior disciple of Qingyun Sect Ling Xuan's Dao is beyond your and my comprehension Hmph. I only know that the sect's reputation is more important than anything Sect Master Ling Xuan was raised by you with your own hands If you care he ought to step in If you don't care then cut off his support as soon as possible so as not to make a spectacle of yourself Matter of the spiritual realm It's not as simple as you see it I have my own plans for this Say no more Hmph Where are you going? Master, I made a mistake. I have to go down the mountain How could I have made a mistake? You're a once-in-a-millennium innate Dao body You were born to resonate with the Great Dao How could your cultivation be wrong? Renqing Biyu If I have erred, it is for shielded me from a century of turmoil Protecting my single-minded devotion Yet this path lacks the warmth of the mortal world and the seven emotions and six desires and is ultimately empty Since I began my practice You have cut me off from everything I know nothing of the seven emotions nor do I understand the six desires I thought this was transcendence Little did I know that some things cannot be avoided Only after experiencing it firsthand Can one remain true to one's heart That is true immortality Master Please tell that I failed my tribulation I need to live as an ordinary person to cultivate in the mortal world How long will you be gone? To temper my heart in the world When my spiritual heart is perfected I everyone shall return I never expected that by protecting your spiritual essence only to lose your spiritual resolve The world mocks you as a spoiled good-for-nothing They blame me for indulging you without limits But who knows that I owe you all of this I've heard that the ancient secret realm, Hongmeng Guixu, is about to emerge Within lies a treasure That can help one break through to a higher realm It is just right for you, Senior Sister Very well. My path to enlightenment is nearly complete. It is time to return to the Dream Realm I don't know What's going on here? Doctor Zhang, Doctor Zhang Doctor Zhang Please save her Dr. Zhang, please save her Save my sister She's my only family Please, save her Please, it's not about the money She really can't be saved It's so sweet Oh, how pitiful Both of their parents died when they were young They've been getting by just barely getting by The little girl has been sick for half a month She's taken plenty of medicine but she just isn't getting better What a tragedy Dr. Zhang has never missed a diagnosis Even she says there's no hope So why are you still kneeling? What good will it do to kneel yourself to death here? Since the innocent child has already been born, there's no reason to stand idly by Doctor Zhang is truly beyond help If there were even the slightest glimmer of hope, I couldn't bear to watch this child suffer Alas, I'm afraid there's nothing I can do Oh, he's waking up, he's waking up Doctor, did you misdiagnose him? That's impossible Could it be a deathbed recovery? Hey, you're awake Everyone's here. Her pulse is actually steady now. It was clearly a miracle just now. It must have been a miracle Oh my God, she really came back to life Isn't this a miracle sent from heaven? You've really earned some good karma, kid Live a good life from now on Don't let this blessing go to waste Ten years ago, I only knew of the heavens above Now I understand that in the midst of earthly life That girl just now was clearly shrouded in death's aura Yet with just a touch from him How could she be saved? This man seems like a idle playboy Yet with a mere wave of his hand, he can turn the tide of life Even a divine artifact might not be able to achieve such a feat The Qingyun Sect is truly a deep pool Don't listen to that good-for-nothing Liu Xuan's instigations My feelings for you are genuine Sincere Then do as you did back when you begged for the Spirit Spring Kneel at my doorstep for three days and two nights and I'll forgive you That's just insincere It's nothing more than You're just after my reputation as Xiao Lie's rising prodigy You're trying to fob me off with the leftovers Lin Xuan rejected Get lost, Brother Xiao Lie You have to believe me This is all just nonsense made up by that good-for-nothing Ling Xuan I don't have a Brother Xiao Lie Open the door, miss A disciple from the mountain just reported that Ling Xuan Ling Xuan is making his way up to Qingyun Sect at a leisurely pace. What? That good-for-nothing He's embarrassing me and Brother Xiao Lie right out in the open He tried to drive a wedge between us And he actually dares to come back Does he think that with that slut Qingyue protecting him and the Sect Master's favor he can just walk all over me, Shangguan Xue Please calm down, Miss You say the mountain path is treacherous Isn't it only natural for someone to slip and fall to their death? Are you suggesting, Miss, the secret guards my father left behind at the foot of the mountain to send word to kill Ling Xu Remember to make it look like an accident But this is Qingyun Sect's territory What is she afraid of if she touches him? Make sure it's done cleanly Who's going to figure it out? Just say Lin Xuan accidentally lost her footing and fell off the cliff No trace of her remains The sect wouldn't risk and turn against my Shangguan family over a dead person? If even a whisper of this gets out neither you nor your family will survive "Rest assured, young lady." Your servant will see to it immediately Lin Xuan... Lin Xuan, you brought this on yourself It seems someone doesn't want me to make it back alive Ah Huh Everyone, I have no intention of fighting with you It's not too late to back down now A worthless waste who's lost all his cultivation What are you playing at? But just now... Hmph This fan must be a stolen magical artifact Hahahaha Do I really need a magical artifact to beat you? You really do think highly of yourself Losers are all talk What are you still standing there for? Come at me all together Is that all you've got? He actually, actually only used one hand to defeat us? You... you haven't lost all your cultivation at all What realm are you actually in? I was able to open the Heavenly Gate ten years ago What level of cultivation are you talking about? Grandpa Li Xuan Grandfather Li Xuan, spare my life! We were forced to do this because of the matter involving Shangguan Xue We had no choice Please spare our lives We'll never do it again Ah, ah At Shangguan Xue's behest couldn't stop your greed and murderous intent Stripping you of your cultivation is already a lenient punishment We are deeply grateful to Young Hero for sparing our lives Now get out of here Dare to do evil for the Shangguan family again, I will kill you all Shangguan Xue, I'll spare you the fact that you for two years I'll let you off this time I hope you won't be so ungrateful You can rest assured I've sent three Golden Core experts By now, that good-for-nothing Ling Xuan is probably nothing but a pile of bones by now Are you sure you cleaned up the mess? Don't worry Just say he slipped, fell off a cliff, and got eaten by wolves Not even a god could find any flaws in that story From now on no one will ever nag you again Hahaha, good Xue'er, you really do care about me the most That good-for-nothing deserved to die So, do you forgive me now? Senior Brother Lingxuan, that's great Where is the Sect Master? No way How is he still alive? Didn't you say it was already taken care of? Didn't you say there wouldn't be a trace left? I... I sent three Golden Core experts Three of them, and he's a useless piece of trash How is that possible? You worthless wench, get in here! Why is Ling Xuan still alive? Where's the letter I told you to deliver? Did you deliver it? "Miss, I did deliver it." What do you guys in the secret guard say? We're leaving right away But then we lost contact I burned five message talismans No response at all Shangguan Xue, are you messing with me? I didn't—I really did take the photo It must be, it must be They took the money They ran off, ran off Is this all the loyalty the Shangguan family's secret guards have? I mean, the people of the Shangguan family are nothing but a bunch of good-for-nothings If these few fall into the sect's hands and drag us into this you'll ruin me That won't happen. If they fall into the sect's hands we'd we certainly wouldn't still be safe Don't worry, I'll be enough If Ling Xuan comes back alive Or you're just playing with me or your men are going to cripple me Whichever it is you've completely disappointed me No wonder Ling Xuan looks down on you Someone like you is even worthy of a powerful alliance with me, Xiao Lie Or even be worthy of being my wife You can't do this I've poured so many resources into you Get out You're staying at the Shangguan residence Just wait patiently for my letter of annulment, okay? Xiao Lie Let me explain! Get out! Go find those three traitsors I want them dead Yes, I would never have had the chance to grow It is precisely because you have nurtured and protected me that my spiritual essence has reached this point today You little rascal, after ten years in the mundane world You're getting more and more talkative Hmph, hmph, hmph, Sect Master Disciple has one more matter Over these past ten years I've gone through every emotion and desire All for the sake of a single word Yet I have long been invincible I have never had the chance to experience Master, might you help me? Oh, invincible under heaven That's quite a bold claim Ling Xuan, speaking of this realm I'm still only at the mid-Great Perfection stage I'm half a realm behind you I've been cultivating for eight hundred years It's been eight hundred years of unwavering dedication That's steady and solid with a solid foundation profound inner strength My spiritual power is boundless Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth Well-rounded in morality, intelligence, physical fitness, aesthetics, and labor No Weaknesses Such an outstanding sect leader Then, may I have a sparring match with you? Let's head to the back mountain I 'll make sure you get thoroughly cut down Who are you to dare sit in my the seat of the Qingyun Sect Sect Master ? us It seems I'll have to work even harder from now on What does Mo Chen want with me? Sect Master Ling Xuan That kid is back The entire sect has been buzzing with speculation You can't let him squander resources like that anymore And you certainly can't let him break the sect's rules Elder Mochen's disciple has returned is to participate in the sect's grand competition What Sect Master? He's just a worthless commoner Do you really intend to seat him among the elders? After all, Lingxuan has the talent and experience Even if he doesn't intervene personally he can still guide his junior brothers and sisters in their cultivation No, that's right Just getting a single piece of advice from me is worth at least ten years of their own cultivation Pfft So where are you sitting? No guidance You just have to sit in the elders' seat You're bringing shame to our Qingyun Sect Mo Chen, are you trying to go against me? Your spiritual talent is unmatched throughout history What's so special about a lousy seat? Sect Master, I am not opposing you But since time immemorial, no ordinary disciple has ever sat in the seat of an elder. If we break this rule and set this precedent how will we manage the sect in the future? Then I will undergo the trial to become an elder. How about that? Right, right, right Let Lingxuan take the trial to become an elder Why won't the elders let me participate? wish Elder, cancel the training. I'll personally set up the challenges for you It's even tailor-made just for me I'll just have to see what tricks this little old man can come up with Then I'll trouble the Elder Make the trial a bit harder Otherwise, winning wouldn't be any fun Don't talk big I will preside over this trial The Elder will preside over it personally You won't be able to pull any tricks This is such a small affair is hardly worth me pulling any tricks Rest assured, in the future I'll make sure to teach my junior brothers and sisters what the true path of cultivation really is Just you wait When the time comes, I'll have you begging for mercy Didn't you say you needed a saw? Well, now you've got one Hahahahaha The Sect Master speaks the truth Elder Mo Chen That face would definitely keep me sawing for three days This time, I'm afraid I'll have to use at least 20% of my power we won't be able to pull the wool over his eyes Hahaha, you little brat This kid failed his tribulation ten years ago and had his spiritual veins shattered Yet today he dares to challenge the Elder's Trial And he looks like he's got this in the bag Could it be he's really hiding something? Senior Brother Lin Xuan Are you really going to attempt the Elder's Trial? Wasn't his cultivation completely destroyed? Who knows? I heard Elder Mo Chen personally set up the trials Three rounds of trials Each one harder than the last He's a useless person probably won't even make it past the first one This should be entertaining I bet 10 spirit stones Betting he won't make it past the second round Where can I place a bet? I want to bet he won't make it past a single round Lin Xuan, oh Lin Xuan You just had to come here and make a fool of yourself Let the whole sect see the former "Son of Heaven" has become Lin Xuan, you've lost all your cultivation How dare you accept this trial? Or is it that Listen carefully: this trial only consists of three stages by passing all three can you become an elder The first stage The Dream Realm The New Fantasy Realm Going all out right from the start—this is a place that even those of the highest cultivation wouldn't dare to enter lightly This level will amplify your deepest fears and obsessions Countless geniuses have fallen here Interesting What's a “top genius” to a loser? Your path is all wrong You've let everyone down You'll never ascend From genius to loser Decadent A good-for-nothing who only knows how to squander the sect's resources Scum He's a good-for-nothing probably wouldn't even make it past the first level This is going to be a show I'm betting he won't make it past a single round And you think you're some big shot? Things I've never been afraid of before Now doesn't even deserve to make me frown It's only been the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn Others would've been trapped for at least three days and three nights How did he break through so easily? It can't be the Immortal Sect's Illusion It's supposed to automatically adjust the difficulty to automatically adjust the difficulty No matter who goes in, they'll be trapped Mo Chen, I told you This kid is different Elder, the first level is too boring What's the next level? Can we get something a little more challenging? Don't get too cocky—the second stage is the Spirit Pressure Chessboard Can you beat the Array Spirit? Or just make it to the 100th move to pass In this game, every move you make you must endure the corresponding spiritual pressure The later the game progresses, the stronger the spiritual pressure becomes I'll see just how many moves you can endure What a waste of time We'll see It's been ten a thousand years You're the-thousandth challenger All the others lost Well, then I'll be the first to win Before you make your move, let me warn you you must bear the corresponding spiritual pressure The stronger your skill, the heavier the spiritual pressure If you cannot withstand it your soul and body will be destroyed Let's begin This is the 20th poem If Narihira Genjin were an ordinary person He's long since been crushed to a pulp Why did the Sect Master keep it a secret? I told you so—he has his own way Spirit Pressure piling up layer by layer Don't you really feel a thing? It's okay, I guess. It's like having a blanket over me Hmph, this is interesting We'll see how you pull this one off Why is your strategy so haphazard? You're really not taking this old man seriously It's not careless. Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication Arrogant Look! The dragon is a dragon! That chess piece has turned into a dragon The Qilin has real transformed into a dragon Doesn't Lin Xuan intend to surrender yet? Does he want to die in there? Is this how your pet treats guests? is truly rude How come he has a black dragon too? Goodness, he actually dares to go head-to-head with them Not bad, Lin Xue Nice guy, you've got guts You could've won in under 50 moves Why did I drag it out this long? The first 50 songs I was thinking about what to eat tonight What? You've decided now? Roast chicken. That's why I won I haven't met a worthy opponent in a thousand years No regrets in this life I passed the second level, and then I passed it again Is it really that easy for this elder to get over a breakup? I lost—I actually lost Impossible. Absolutely impossible. Could it be... Did the Sect Master give this good-for-nothing a free pass? There's one last round Don't let me down Skip the third round What? No need to compete anymore No need The first two rounds are enough The Mind's Illusory Realm can be broken in the time it takes for a stick of incense to burn Overwhelming the chessboard in 50 moves Making Zhenling concede defeat Do you think a third level is necessary? These two levels are sufficient proof that Lingxuan's faith, nature, and wisdom all surpass our own This position of Elder Lingxuan is truly deserving He is fully deserving of the title of Half-Step Immortal Venerable Elder, what on earth are you doing? I have been cultivating for hundreds of years I've always looked down on others I judge heroes by their cultivation I believed the sect's reputation was paramount It wasn't until I met you that I realized how utterly wrong I was Elder, you were not wrong You are the backbone of Qingyun Sect We'll still be counting on you You little rascal That's great, Lin Xue I knew it What are they saying up there? What does that mean? Is Lingxuan really useless or not? Is this really Elder Mo Chen? Didn't he used to be itching to out of the sect? Wow, Xingxing Zhihui truly lives up to truly the greatest genius in history He can pull this off? As expected, a genius is a genius in every way On what grounds? Ten years ago, he was the greatest genius in the world His brilliance outshines all ages Ten years later, he's become a good-for-nothing playboy yet he still commands the attention of the masses Clearly, I am now the top disciple of Qingyun Sect Why does everyone focus only on him? Why does only look up to him? Help! Even my usually strict master has started to favor Lingxuan Ten years ago, Lingxuan's spiritual veins were completely shattered The entire sect witnessed it with their own eyes That he passed the test today could it be that someone is secretly aiding him? Junior Brother Xiao Look at the Sect Master now Does he seem to have the spare capacity to pull strings for me? The Ancestral Spirit Spring has passed the Elders' Trial According to the sect's ancient traditions the ritual of engraving his name on the stele and be granted the Elder's Golden Seal and officially be ranked as an elder rather than merely holding a jade token as a guest scholar Ling Xuan stepped forward and engraved his name with his essence blood and had his name inscribed on the Sect Stele only then is one a full-fledged elder From then on, every word and deed reflects the honor and disgrace of the sect No longer holding the title of "Seated Elder" huh Resonance of the Northern Mausoleum Such an extraordinary phenomenon In my 600 years in the sect I have never seen All the elders throughout the generations have recognized him It seems we have been too narrow-minded He is bound to make a name for himself He's a good-for-nothing—what gives him the right? From this day forward, Ling Xuan shall be the 37th official elder of the Qingyun Sect From the highest to the lowest ranks of the sect shall treat him with the respect due to the Senior Elder I have met Elder Lingquan Greetings, Elder Lingquan I'm clearly the top prodigy of Qingyun Sect I am They're all laughing at you Lin Xuan didn't do a thing And yet he took everything from you The Sect Master's favoritism The sect looks up to him Even your master has sided with him Shut up. It's clearly a place for cultivation A genius who's faster than him You have more talent than him Why is he always holding you back? You're not willing to accept this, are you? Ling Xuan has been out of the loop for 10 years Why is he an elder the moment he returns? I can give you power Stronger than anyone else's All you have to do is let down your guard Xiao Li Oh God of the Underworld, embrace the primordial and preserve the one No distractions Yeah Do you know that just a moment ago The demon of the mind had already entered your sea of consciousness Had I not arrived in time your cultivation would have been ruined Your disciple acknowledges his mistake When did you become possessed by this inner demon? Me I just couldn't accept it Why does he have the Spirit-Mystery A man who's been crippled for ten years comes back and immediately takes a seat on the Elders' Council Why does everyone have to revolve around him? I cultivate faster than he does am the true number one prodigy of Qingyun Sect right now You think this is a contest of talent No, this is a failure of character Ling Xuan passed the trial because of a century of cultivation and his character If you only stare at others' brilliance you'll never see your own path Foundation and confidence All I lack are resources. You Blame me for Lingxuan's descent from the mountain back then The sect had no top-tier disciples to uphold its reputation I saw your exceptional talent so I tacitly allowed you to use resources to boost your cultivation hoping you would grow faster and shoulder the future of Qingyun Sect Looking back now I was wrong What does it mean to "pile up" cultivation? I'm a natural genius Resources are merely a support I'm strong enough on my own So now tell me Without piling on resources Would you dare to compare your foundation with Lingxuan's? Compare our character Compare how, in the Illusory Realm of the Heart Demon, I—I, starting today The sect's resources will return to centralized distribution You will no longer be an exception I will personally oversee your cultivation And make up for the foundational training piece by piece No way—I'm a genius How can I be treated like an ordinary disciple? "Genius" Then prove it to me with your strength Not with your mouth It's finally here The Secret Realm of Hongmeng and Guixu That pearl is about to reappear The Primordial Chaos Pearl Rumored to automatically gather the spiritual energy of heaven and earth helping cultivation speed skyrocket and break through cultivation barriers without hindrance If one were to obtain this object Winning the sect's grand competition would be a foregone conclusion You might even become the first to truly ascend to the Immortal Realm Now that this secret realm has appeared coincides with the it's likely to be a bloody battle That's right. Since Lingxuan survived his tribulation and the emergence of the Immortal Gate a craze for cultivation has swept across the eight corners of the world has produced the only person in this generation to have survived the Tribulation Earning the world's admiration Yet this has also threatened the interests of other sects Alas, the innocent suffer But the one who possesses the jewel is to blame Thus, this Pearl of Primordial Chaos is both a stroke of fate and a calamity So, are we still going? If the Chaos Pearl falls into the hands of outsiders it will surely become a great threat to the Qingyun Sect Sect Master, I am determined to obtain the Chaos Pearl First, to help Senior Sister Qingyue break through and second, to protect myself I'll handle the Qingyun Sect's secret realm If those sects try to use the secret realm to plunder treasures and try to suppress us I'll settle all past and present scores How many people do you want to take with you this time? so I can handpick the best for you You're going alone Elder, you've misunderstood I'm not going alone I'm only taking one person with me Then who do you plan to take? Senior Sister Qingyue Hmm, Qingyue Her cultivation is stuck at the peak of the Golden Core stage The secret realm is fraught with danger Wouldn't she just be a burden? Elder, you are mistaken I took the pearl—half for the sect and half for him If he does not personally seize this opportunity then that pearl will remain nothing more than an external object to him It cannot become his own path. Furthermore, if we bring too many people on this journey it would only draw attention Those sects are already keeping a close eye on every move Qingyun Sect makes If I take a squad of elite fighters in they'll simply assume that Qingyun Sect is determined to succeed and will inevitably mobilize their entire forces to surround us But if it's just a Golden Core-stage senior sister leading me, a good-for-nothing with my spiritual veins shattered people will just assume we're going on a wild goose chase and let their guard down By the time they realize it the pearl will already be in my hands But what if something goes wrong in the secret realm? With Qingyue's limited cultivation With me here, no one can hurt him "Alright, as you wish." Thank you, Sect Master Rest assured, Sect Master and Elders This disciple will do my utmost to assist Elder Lin Xuan You're a useless Elder He's just a yes-man who's scraped together a hollow reputation thanks to the Sect Master's favoritism He actually thinks of himself as somebody Treasure Hunt in the Secret Realm What will you use to search for This disciple is willing to accompany you to the secret realm To serve the sect Until you've solidified your foundational skills you are not allowed to go anywhere It is precisely to strengthen your foundation that I must go to the Secret Realm to seek rare treasures I am a newly risen prodigy of Qingyun Sect How could I possibly miss such a momentous occasion? If I go out, I might even get a chance to contact Shangguan Xu That woman may be foolish, but the resources she holds I can still squeeze a little more out of her just Just consider it a test to temper Xiao Lie's character to see the vastness of the world only then can one realize one's own insignificance It's not You're just putting on an act again. You're nothing but a good-for-nothing. Actually, you're just too scared to refuse me, aren't you? Master, rest assured I'm at the mid-stage of the Nascent Soul realm now I shouldn't be causing any trouble, right? Elder Lingxuan After all, he needs someone to protect him, doesn't he? Then let me make this clear from the start Once we're inside the secret realm Stay close to Elder Ling Obey his every command He is your master Remember to know your limits Don't try to be a hero Don't worry, Sect Leader Liu Xuan, do you want to join us? The hustle and bustle of the world are all illusions Clinging to these things will only disturb your spiritual resolve and hinder your enlightenment Return to the mountain and seek enlightenment on your own Do not be distracted I am the Sect Master I, the Sect Master, know that his spiritual nature is unique Others must not approach him or get too close So I took matters into my own hands I severed all his worldly ties Yet I turned him into a cold, soulless cultivator If only I had let him have some fun back then would he have been spared from being cast down by the Way of Heaven and sent down to the mortal world to endure these ten years of hardship? That child's path is one he must walk alone That bastard Xiao Lie I poured so much effort into him He turns on you in the blink of an eye If it weren't for the fact that he still shows signs of ascension, I wouldn't have bothered to be nice to him I heard you're heading to the Secret Realm Why didn't you tell me? This journey is dangerous You should just wait for me at the sect I heard you argued with the Sect Master and had your resources cut off I'll go with you to the secret realm What do you want? The Shangguan family send people to help you take it Have you two made up? Ling Xuan, stop being so sarcastic Then I'll be serious If you want to go, you can Once we're inside the secret realm, follow my orders If you can't handle it, leave now "Take orders from a loser like you?" then you don't have to go This is the Sect Master's order In this secret realm Everything is to be arranged by Elder Lin Xuan All right, all right. I'll just have to see what kind of tricks you can pull off Who is that person? How elegant Wearing a mask to play the mysterious one Probably just an ugly duckling What do you know? That's clearly called charm Ahem Wow, is Qingyun Sect out of people? They sent just these few people And there's even a useless one among them You didn't know that, did you? He's an elder now, you know An Elder leading the team personally Which sect of ours has this kind of presence? Wow, the Elder is leading the way into the secret realm He's really lost all sense of dignity Whether it's letting a good-for-nothing be an Elder or having an Elder lead the expedition into the Secret Realm The Qingyun Sect is just laughable Hahaha, hmph I don't know whose blessing it was today it's dragged the entire Qingyun Sect has become a laughingstock in the cultivation world I wonder if the culprit has chickened out or just turned a deaf ear not even daring to respond Hahaha, a dog bites you and you still bite back Let them bark It won't stop us from picking up treasures Seriously, I just don't get it This secret realm only opens once every hundred years Why doesn't Qingyun Sect send more elite fighters? That's precisely what makes the Sect Master so brilliant The Qingyun Sect has gained a lot of notoriety in recent years and has drawn the enmity of other sects The less conspicuous we are, the better we can avoid being hunted down by the other sects I'm terrified of being surrounded It's not too late to leave now I'm not afraid. Brother Xiao Lie I can take on all of them by myself Once we're inside the secret realm, stay close to me Hmm Wood God Sect, Ten Thousand Laws Sect The aura of a Transcendent Spirit cultivator is overwhelming the Golden Core cultivators He's putting on quite a show All for a Chaos Pearl Even the elders are willing to pose as disciples to scare you I'm leaving Such dense spiritual energy One day of cultivation here is worth ten days outside Why are there only the four of us? Where did those people go? Probably just random spawn points. Never mind them Will he even look at it? Did I hold the map upside down? Hard to say At least if I have the map upside down, I can still make it up If someone's got their head screwed on backwards Then there's no hope Xiao Lie, look at him Is this way better? Can you even read a map? The spiritual energy is thinnest over here We should head west The spiritual energy is thickest there There are definitely rare treasures there Exactly, exactly Brother Xiao Lei is already at the mid-Nascent Soul stage His perception be wrong Then why don't you head west? I'm not stopping you Even if I die Don't haunt me in my dreams I'm a scaredy-cat. Okay, okay, okay That works out perfectly I don't want to protect a useless loser like you anyway Xue'er, let's go Little Li, you should come with us It's not safe to go alone Hmph, it's you guys who aren't safe I'm at the mid-stage of the Nascent Soul realm Who's going to carry Lingxuan, that dead weight—she's asking for trouble Take care If you run into trouble, remember to shout for help I've got sharp ears I might just hear you You're such a wimp. I think you're just scared That's why you always pick places where no one's around Lin Xuan and the others, don't worry We're just on the outskirts of the Secret Realm—we won't die Since we're on a treasure hunt we naturally have to go where no one else goes The dense spiritual energy is just a decoy Either there are treasures, but they've already been looted clean or it's all just traps What the hell is this? Why the hell did I follow you in here?! You're right Let's go check it out Two Ironback Gray Wolves Lin Xuan, you've got to save them! What's the rush? Let's take a closer look But the Iron-backed Gray Wolves are only at the early Nascent Soul stage If Xiao Lie can't even handle this then his cultivation is truly a waste His mid-Nascent Soul foundation is far too unstable What if he can't hold on? He'll only learn the hard way if he can't hold on And only when he feels the pain will he learn his lesson He's impatient and restless. Isn't that the best medicine? do you think? what he needs most right now A solid foundation ? a close call. Just a scare was enough That guy can't even protect a woman And he thinks he's the best in the world He really is too full of himself . beast just isn't very bright. He actually ran into a tree all by himself Xue'er, did you see that ? Soul-Condensing Lotus... this... But this is a treasure It's a treasure that can help break through a bottleneck I told you there was a treasure over here This Soul-Condensing Lotus is perfect for you This Soul-Soothing Lotus is something our Ten Thousand Laws Sect has set our sights on. Get lost We were clearly here first. How dare you be so rude? Hahaha, well, you're from the Qingyun Sect Everyone in the world is scrambling to join the Qingyun Sect How are the rest of us sect sisters supposed to survive? We have no choice but to play some dirty tricks in the shadows That's perfectly normal Anyone can take the treasures from the secret realm Except for the Qingyun Sect Why aren't you getting lost yet? Haven't you been beaten enough? So Is this is how you usually bully the Qingyun Sect? Haha Hey, I'm just saying Are you, a good-for-nothing, trying to settle the score with us? Lin Xuan, don't be rash If you make a move in public and word gets out that you're a fake what about your Heart Refining? Aren't you still missing the “Ju” character? If you can't ascend because of this then I fear long since run out of things capable of gathering me If I were to cling to this vague and elusive reason stand by and watch my fellow disciples being bullied and still pretend not to see or hear and swallow my anger Such an immortal is not worth being But if they were to learn the truth they'll surely see you as a threat And if they band together with the other sects to cause you trouble I just don't want to get involved It's not that I'm afraid of them Since they've come knocking it's the perfect chance to settle both old and new scores I get it Besides As long as we take care of everyone here no one will ever know what happened today Ling Xuan, what do you mean? What else could it mean? You're bragging so much you've even dragged our Wanfa Sect into this You really do n't know the meaning of word “death." senile Give him an Elder Does he really think he's still capable? Who in the world doesn't know about Ling Xuan? You crippled him and didn't even realize it Hahaha, I'm the weakest here Wake him up Leave that to me Sure, you're getting off easy I've never even fought an Elder before Hey, go easy on him Don't kill him Everyone Otherwise the head of the Qingyun Sect will come looking for trouble again Don't worry, I'm only using 20% of my strength Ling Xuan, you're as good as dead You're overestimating yourself What's going on? Sorry about that My hand slipped. Should I go even easier? You... I wouldn't stoop to picking on the weak Let your elders fight me It'd only be a difference of half a percent in effort Truly the genius who survived the tribulation back then Your eye for talent is still sharp My purpose in coming here was the Chaos Pearl I don't wish to stir up trouble But since you've recognized it you should know that a worthless good-for-nothing like you can't protect this lotus This fan is the protective talisman your sect leader gave you, isn't it? You almost had me there. Hmph Then I'll fight you with my bare hands Is that sincere enough? You seriously injured a disciple of our Ten Thousand Laws Sect You brought this on yourself. Senior Sister, you better get out of the way first The Blade of the Ten Thousand Laws Rises Shh Don't ask what you shouldn't It can't be—it's only been ten years Even if you have recovered how much could you really have recovered? That Elder of the Ten Thousand Laws Sect goes all out every single time That's not how a major sect should behave This... this can't be Ah! I've had enough of the Ten Thousand Laws Sect's tricks Elder You've been working together to suppress the Qingyun Sect for years Today, I'm just collecting a little interest nothing You You're but a worthless waste whose spiritual veins have been shattered The whole world knows How could that be? Our Elder is at the mid-stage of the Spirit Transformation Realm Mid-Stage Spirit Transformation! I told you not to ask what you shouldn't ask If a single word of today's events gets out I'll come knocking on your door Are you afraid that if we join forces and have all the sects' secret realms come after you? Of course you're afraid Afraid I might slip up and kill them all causing countless unnecessary deaths If you dare , we won't utter a single word If you dare cause trouble for the Qingyun Sect again next time , it won't end with just serious injuries Get out through to the Nascent Soul stage. My foundation is solid My spiritual energy is abundant Now that's what you call the Nascent Soul stage Unlike certain people I seem to have changed a bit The standard Yuanling stage A complete transformation Don't worry—I've gotten even more handsome Smooth-talking Let's go Let's go see how that genius is doing And while we're at it, I'll give you a chance to practice your skills. Yeah Damn, I just took out two And here come three more Aren't you at mid-Nascent Soul Hurry up and take them out! I just took out two I don't have the strength left I don't want to die yet I want to go home Didn't you say you'd protect me? You lied to me, you liar You're so loud. Stop yelling I'll throw you to them as bait Three Iron are being attacked by the Gray Wolves Xiao Lie probably won't last much longer Sis, want to warm up a bit? I've just broken through to the Nascent Soul stage and I really need some real-world experience Besides, your foundation is solid There aren't many at your level who can match you It's better than practicing on those flimsy paper dummies But how can you know know if you're up to the task? Senior Sister, I've got your back Nothing will happen to you Then I'll leave it to Elder Lin to hold the fort Iron-backed Gray Wolf As the name implies Its back is as hard as iron A direct, forceful strike won't budge it Its weak points are the throat and abdomen Got it uh Senior Sister, you've broken through That's great! That means you're at the early stage of the Nascent Soul realm How... how is that possible? Wasn't he at the peak of the Golden Core stage? How could it be done in just three moves? Just three moves—and all of them were spectacular. Truly, a Yuanling cultivator with solid foundations Unlike certain people who rely on rare treasures to create a mere facade It's just different Hmph, are you guys okay? Senior Sister, when did you break through? I picked up a Soul-Condensing Lotus on the way I just happened to use it on you Soul-Condensing Lotus That's a treasure that can help break through a bottleneck And you just gave it to him like that? What else could I do? I gave it to you Your foundation is so weak It would be a waste even if you used it Why are you so resentful? Senior Sister Qingyue just broke through to the Third Tier and took down three Ironback Gray Wolves. And you? Little Face, how can you be so weak? And you still have the nerve to call yourself the best in the world genius You're clearly the world's number one con artist Xue'er, let me explain I've seen how fast you train is even faster than Lingxuan's was back in the day You actually think you're the greatest prodigy But you're nothing but all show You almost got me killed I just took care of two My spiritual energy is completely drained I spit on you Mid-stage Nascent Soul Can't even beat a few tentacles You really think I, Shangguan Xue, am an idiot? I must have been blind to ever have set my sights on you Young Miss, please calm down Isn't this exactly why I brought her out to gain some experience? With my guidance I'm sure that in another thirty or fifty years he'll be able to rebuild his foundation Shut up! I'm telling the truth! The Iron-backed Gray Wolf is only at the early Nascent Soul stage For a mid-Nascent Soul cultivator to beat you like this I'm embarrassed for you Losers. Both of you are losers. I'm done with you two. I'm going home via the teleportation array It won't be ready for another two days Miss Shangguan, I'm afraid you'll have to make do Just come with us for now We'll make sure to get you back safely Hurry up and get your things together—come on! There are plenty of treasures in this hidden realm you've got to be with the right people Xue'er Are you with me or with him? Why are you two losers even arguing? Right now, I only trust Sister Qingyue. Hmph Let's stick with Xiao Lie We can look out for each other Don't worry about him He's pretty formidable Ling Xuan, Qingyue Shangguan Xue, how dare you Stay close together. Otherwise, if you run into danger next time there might not be anyone to save you Where are we going now? Is there really a Chaos Pearl at the Chaos Altar? Of course Then why, after the secret realm has appeared so many times, and no one has taken the Orb? There's a protective formation Once, a late-stage Spirit Transformation cultivator struck it with all his might and it only managed to cut a tiny crack which instantly healed itself No one knows where its breaking point lies What about the Great Perfection stage? 1. We don't know the limits of the formation's endurance 2. I don't know if there are any other demons or monsters there might be other demons and monsters There are only a handful of Great Perfection-stage masters in the Natural world Each holds a high positionly , they are unwilling to risk their lives for a single pearl So what's the point of us going there? I'm exhausted from all this walking Quite a few major sects have entered this secret realm Can you break the formation or outmaneuver them? Hey, let's just go check it out Even late-stage Spirit Transformation cultivators can't break it And those at the Great Perfection stage aren't even here You see so many people coming in But hardly anyone's heading to the Chaos Discourse The Great Perfection cultivators haven't shown up But there are those even more powerful than the Mahayana Realm They come and go Isn't it all just a matter of luck? Hoping that if someone breaks through the formation, so we can pounce on the opportunity? Let's go try our luck too My luck's always been pretty good anyway Hmph, that's easy for you to say What if we run into a sect war? I won't be looking out for you Don't worry about it, Junior Brother If it really happens, just make sure you look out for yourself deeper The you go into the secret realm the spiritual energy grows denser It's enough to make up for the spiritual energy deficit I experience during battle At that time, I'll definitely show you my true power. Okay, okay Just wait and see Such rich spiritual energy This bead is just as legendary as they say Today, I will definitely make you mine Ha to ensure no one comes within five li Alright, you two go back out and keep watch Don't let anyone in under any circumstances. One is the Elder Hey, our Elder is only at the Spirit Transformation stage Could he have acquired some secret array technique? If there really is a secret array technique, only our Elder knows? With this kind of display, anyone who doesn't know might think someone at the Great Perfection Realm had arrived Who said no Great Perfection cultivators came? Have you forgotten what our Wood God Sect excels at? I see This secret realm is of the Wood element and shares the same origins as the Wood-element spells our Sect Leader practices Here, the Elder can fully harness the power of heaven and earth to unleash the power of the Great Perfection stage That's great Then that Chaos Pearl is definitely ours Let's not jump to conclusions just yet But if that's the case and we still can't break the formation then no one in the world will be able to break it The Wood God Sect is just the ticket Saves me from having to pretend to be useless anymore The Millennial Secret Realm Ancient Tomb of Ten Thousand Years Today, they are all at my command Peak of the Spirit Transformation Realm Early Great Perfection, and still rising Is this the power of the secret realm's blessing? Just a little more It's cracking, it's cracking It's about to break Wasn't Ling Xuan supposed to come? Where is he? Maybe he went to the bathroom He'll probably be back in a minute Hmph. Just as I thought—all talk. Actually, he probably ran away because he was scared Ah, it's him Our Pastoral God Sect is taking this Chaos Pearl If you know what's good for you, lost get. Oh, looks like we've actually run into someone who can break the formation. Then I'm not going to miss out on a piece of the action, am I? You're asking for trouble The spiritual energy here is thick. I won't be like before run out of steam Two Golden Core cultivators actually dare to challenge me My mid-Nascent Soul stage I've harnessed the power of heaven and earth Why can't I break through? Even a Mahayana-stage attack can't break through Is there anyone in this world who can break through this? That's not necessarily true Ling Lingxuan Didn't I have people stationed outside to guard it? How did you get in? Your disciples are more than enough to handle others But when they come up against someone like me As long as I don't want to even if I just walk right past them no one would even notice Don't mess with me I've just been gravely wounded by this formation I really can't even laugh right now Never mind Lin Xuan, you've recovered Lin Xuan, listen to me This formation is way too weird I've harnessed the power of the Great Achievement But I still can't break through and he even left me gravely wounded You've finally recovered so you must take care of yourself You absolutely must not take this risk Stop right now—you've only just recovered You can't let anything else happen With your abilities The Qin family's cultivation methods are certainly sound Why take such a risk for a shortcut? Sorry, I'm in a hurry Master Ling, rest assured What happened today will stay buried deep within me I won't breathe a word of it So conscientious Master, please do not mock me I've been cultivating for hundreds of years I do have some insight Ten years ago, you failed your tribulation and the whole world thought you were finished But seeing how deeply you've hidden yourself today there must be a reason for it If I were to speak out of turn I fear it would bring not trouble upon you but my own utter ruin You are a clever man but it won't come to that Take your men with you The Chaos Pearl is of use to me I have one more favor to ask of you I have been practicing diligently for many years My cultivation has been stuck at the late stage of the Spirit Transformation Realm and cannot advance I wonder if you might offer me some guidance We'll discuss your matter later This is demonic energy He's absorbing spiritual energy to suppress whatever is inside What is sealed inside? Hahaha, finally someone has figured it out This bead absorbs the spiritual energy of heaven and earth not to gather treasures but to reinforce the seal So can he still retrieve it now? has to take it but how to retrieve it—follow my lead , Senior Brother Shen what ? Lie's condition just feels a bit off If we all go at him together he could still take on all of us Step back You're no match for him Why did you send some masked guy to die? I don't want to shed any more blood If you know what's good for you, get out of my way. Hmph I'll call you a genius is only because I see you're making faster progress I'll admit you have some talent But at the end of the day, you're just a mid-stage Nascent Soul cultivator and you think you're the best in the world and that there are no rivals left Even Senior Brother Shen is in the late Nascent Soul stage is the one who, among his peers, there is no one who can compare Late Nascent Soul stage, with such presence and such formidable strength To have met him before my wedding is nothing short of a blessing from heaven This Shen fellow I absolutely have to get my hands on him Late Nascent Soul stage Is he pulling my leg? If there's someone like this Why have I never heard of him? That's because Senior Brother Shen keeps a low profile Who do you think you are? Every genius in the world will all be introduced to you You're nothing but a frog at the bottom of a well to even ask how vast the heavens are You bunch of scum You dare to talk about me Oh oh So strong, so handsome Hmph, I didn't expect a bonus Well, I'd better put on a good show A mid-stage Nascent Soul cultivator with shaky foundations His spiritual energy is chaotic You'll make the perfect stepping stone My luck with women is finally about to turn Xiao the Genius I'm your opponent Why does Xiao Li look down on me? My master looks down on me Lin Xuan looks down on me Now even these scumbags look down on me Xiao Lian, Xiao Lian, calm down Young Master, you're so strong I wonder if there's a match for me I have no idea Young lady Senior Brother Shen is at it again. Cultivators Why is it that every day about finding a wife You can't really blame him If I looked like him I'd probably be even crazier than him I was fooled by Xiao Lian's flashy exterior But thankfully, the wedding hasn't happened yet Now that I see things clearly He's definitely going to call off the engagement So, do you have someone you're interested in? Why not marry me instead? You're being so forward It truly is a match made in heaven I couldn't ask for more Shangguan Xue, you slut I am the true prodigy You all look down on me I'll make you all pay for this Die, all of you! Don't do anything stupid If that thing inside the seal breaks free Just now, when the formation was broken it's probably already loosened the seal So I have to go in and take a look Go in? Where? We can't go inside the pearl What exactly is sealed inside? If you, Master, I'm tough just keep watch outside Don't worry, Master Welcome, first visitor in ten thousand years You are the thing sealed here " I am the Eternal Demon Lord " to wear me down to death? Hahaha, how ridiculous A monster actually wants to see the light of day again That is indeed laughable You think you can break free just because the seal is loosening? Hmph, hahaha Well, if it were me just take over your body? You've got some nerve Can you dodge one move and expect to dodge a hundred? I just changed into this outfit Just wait until your body is mine I'll change you into 100 different outfits Your spiritual energy is so pure wonder No you dared to come in You're pretty strong, too Too bad you're chained up and can't use your full strength This lousy chain has kept me trapped for ten thousand years It's more than enough to handle you You're quite the player Haha, this is just the beginning How Aren't you scared? You're still a bit lacking Die Is this all a genius who survived a tribulation ten years ago has to offer? This body is indeed quite good Innate Dao Body Pure spiritual energy I'll take it. Hahahaha, yeah! Why isn't the county magistrate coming out yet? It can't be... Hahaha, just give up Your body is mine now So this is what it feels like to be on the brink of death Doesn't this make me feel any fear? You've already been corrupted by my demonic energy Actually, I just wanted to try it. What it feels like to have demonic energy enter your body You're messing with me I thought that the Eternal Demon Sovereign could help me grasp the "Giant" level Ah, never mind Since I'm destined not to ascend then I shall not be listed on the Immortal Registry and rule the mortal realm alone You've become this powerful yet you still manage to hide your true power You've been sealed away for a thousand years It must have been pretty boring I'm here to keep your company These chains are forged from millennia-old mystical iron I didn't notice You think cutting the chain will win? The demonic energy I've accumulated over ten thousand years is enough to crush you to dust One sword shatters all laws Perhaps my ten thousand years of cultivation is still decent—nothing to be ashamed of Ten thousand years I thought I'd be waiting for prey But I never expected to be met by a madman You're joking, Senior It was just a narrow victory You think that by killing me there wouldn't be any other demons That little guy you brought What was his name again? What are you trying to say? He has the seed of a heart demon within him You planted it Your radiance Your suppression Your very existence is his inner demon I merely gave him a slight nudge You thought you were tempering him No, you are destroying him His inner demons can no longer be contained And it's all because of you Go take a look outside Looks like someone's about to die Senior Sister It won't taste bitter if you eat some candy I wasn't crying, I know But you can still eat candy You're about to face your trial Hmm, will you come back? Once I ascend to become an immortal, of course I won't come back Then take care of yourself Take some with you—what if you can't buy any up there? It's nothing I've been looking for you for a long time Senior Sister, why are you here? Want to go in and have some fun? Do you really have to do this? Senior Sister, if you don't have anything else to do I'm going in first. Everyone's waiting Lin Xuan I'll wait for you to come back Then I'll come back next time After he came down the mountain, he visited me every month For 10 years He came for 10 years I hid for 10 years Uh uh You only did that to protect me Lin Xuan, please forgive this old man for his dereliction of duty Just now, I was so focused on guarding the altar and failed to notice the sudden upheaval here Xiao Lie has suddenly gone mad Sister Qingyue tried to stop him but as a result, After that brat Xiao Lie fell into demonic possession, his power surged He was even able to escape from the elders It didn't seem like his own power at all It was very strange Senior Sister, you waited too long Most of this girl's life force has already dissipated Even if you were to transfer more spiritual energy to her she wouldn't be able to absorb it So that's how the scheme worked I've searched No matter how good it is, you deserve it That's great, Lin The demon sealed within the Chaos Orb Seeks to break free With a mere glance, wielding supreme power Slaying the demon In the midst of the fierce battle The Chaos Orb could not withstand the impact of the spiritual energy It shattered and vanished I witnessed this with my own eyes Congratulations, Chief of the Spirit Eye The Chaos Pearl has been destroyed fortunately, thanks to the Master's divine might to vanquish demons and uphold the Way and safeguarded the peace of this secret realm. Well said Master, I am stuck at a bottleneck in my cultivation and do not know what to do To put it simply, your problem is nothing more than Oh my, Master Ling truly lives up to his reputation It's like a light bulb went off It's like a bolt of lightning! Wait a moment—I need to go find Xiao Lie I'll take care of this young lady Our Wood God Sect has quite a bit of expertise in medicine Could you spare his life? Don't worry about sect loyalties right now. If it weren't for the Chaos... In any case, given what this kid has done, he deserves to die a hundred times over Yeah, yeah Found it Why is Lin Xuan running? Is the Demon Lord's power any good? This strike is in revenge for my senior sister You didn't cripple him, did you? I finally get it Looks like the Demon Lord didn't just give you power but also gave you a brain You think I wanted to kill him? came charging at me himself I just... I just lost control Did you lose control, or did you simply not want to yourself your fault. If it weren't for you how could I have ended up like this And how could I have killed my senior sister? , I didn't kill her Lin Xuan, you're the one who killed her you 're the one who killed him Xiao Li Ling Actually, you could have seen through my disguise long ago But you didn't want to Because you wanted to pin everything on me That way you don't have to face your own inadequacy No, that's not it Actually, we're the same In the past, I suppressed my emotions and desires I never truly lived And you were short-sighted and never truly cultivated yourself We are both people trapped by ourselves The difference is that I have accepted it I've been down the mountain for ten years I've suffered the humiliation I had to I've endured all the hardships I needed to I've grasped the truths I needed to grasp What about you? When will you finally admit that the path you've chosen is wrong Don't kill me Aren't you defiant? I'll fight you Let's duel with swords—your specialty Why are you picking up a stick? This is my sword You're fighting me with a lousy stick? Yunxuan, who do you think you're looking down on? You're using too much force Your weight is all shifted forward If you swing and miss, you'll just fall over Your moves are too flashy Nothing but openings If you swing that sword out your chest, armpits, waist, and ribs are all wide open If you meet someone who truly understands the sword they'll pierce right through you with a single stroke Stop lecturing me and just die It's impossible—you must have used magic You must have used magic Your cultivation is higher than mine You're using your spiritual energy to overpower me Ah, now that's using spiritual energy Do you still think that what you lack is resources? No, no—what you lack is a solid foundation Solid, steady cultivation I've done Everyone says you're the greatest genius in ten thousand years I've been cultivating for three years to build my foundation They say I can't compare to you I spent seven years at the Golden Core stage and they still say I can't compare to you I've spent 20 years at the mid-Nascent Soul stage They still say they can't compare to you I just wanted to prove myself How did it come to this? Ha ha Senior Sister, you're not dead after all That's great, senior sister I thought you had some talent, Xiao Lie But from the very beginning, you've treated others' opinions as your path and made competing for victory your path To cultivate the Dao, one must first cultivate the heart If the heart is not right, no matter how high one's cultivation, it is merely a shortcut to falling into darkness Arrogance leads the young to ruin and laziness leads to demonic corruption You did not lose to Lingxuan but to your own greed, arrogance, and delusion My resolve to kill has been set The inner demon keeps me here It will only bring disaster upon the sect Please kill me I will atone with my death Death might change him You owe Senior Sister a life You owe the sect a debt of shame That debt cannot be repaid by death Return to the sect to face punishment Start over Take the wrong paths you've walked these past years I will set them right, step by step I am unworthy Whether you are worthy or not is not for you to decide It is the sect that decides It depends on what you do from now on Xiao Lie, get up The road is long; take it slowly It's Senior Sister I'm sorry, let's not talk about this Let's talk about it when we get back When will the teleportation array open? As usual On the third day after the secret realm opens, at the hour of Chen The teleportation array will activate automatically and transport everyone out Doing the math There are still six hours left So let's find a place to rest for a while Xiao Lie is injured too We can't wait any longer What the Master means is Ah, County Magistrate, what are you doing? Tear open the secret realm So he's been holding back all along Elder, please bear with me regarding today's matter We disciples of the Wood God Sect are in no mortal danger Please return first. Leave this to me I there guarantee will be no mishaps Let's go back to the sect Will that work? If I say it's fine, it's fine Hold on tight Can you keep up? Yes Go Farewell, Master Ling Ling Xuan has hidden his talents for ten years Seeing you today his power is likely even more terrifying than it was a decade ago If he still wishes to ascend What rules or laws Even Heaven itself would have to yield I'm so sleepy—can we stop searching now? I want to go back to sleep Aren't you afraid Elder Mochen will find out? There are only two places left Let's finish the search before we leave It's the middle of the night There's not a soul around. Who's going to know we're slacking off? Please convene a meeting of the Sect Leader, Elders, and Main Hall Yes, yes I knew someone would see us The Sect Leader and Elders Disciple Xiao Lie center is guilty What crime? In the secret realm, the disciple's inner demons have resurfaced and received the Demon Lord's aid After his power surged, he inflicted severe damage on the Wood God Sect and nearly killed Qingyue Senior Sister fell into darkness and harmed others disciple is unforgivable Had I not been so unstable how could I have allowed the demonic force to take advantage of my weakness Please punish you, Sect Leader Ah, I told you to strengthen your foundation But you ended up falling into demonic possession I told you to follow Lingxuan and practice a little You ended up killing someone You've let your master down I've let down the sect Qingyue You are the victim I'd like to hear your opinion The disciple does not blame him Qiuyue The disciple nearly died at his hands But I believe Xiao Lie has realized his mistake Disciple would rather give him a chance to reform than the sect to lose a talented disciple All right, Xiao Lie, listen carefully A disciple may be spared the death penalty but not of the living First All your sect resource quotas are revoked Starting today you will be treated the same as outer-sect disciples Second You are sentenced to three years of seclusion facing the cliff in the rear mountains You are not permitted to leave the mountain without orders The disciple accepts the punishment Mo Chen, take him down Take him to the Cliff of Confinement first thing tomorrow morning Is there still hope for this child? The road ahead is still long Let's see how he walks it How are things at the Wood God Sect? The Sect Leader may rest assured. Everything has been taken care of Congratulations to Lord Shangguan and Young Master Shen A hero saving a damsel in distress within the secret realm Truly a match made in heaven Young Master Shen is still so young yet he is already at the late Nascent Soul stage, a fine young man Miss Shangguan is truly blessed The couple bow to each other They are escorted to the bridal chamber Brother Chaoyang I'm so glad I met you in the secret realm Me too, ladies and Young Master Shen may have been a bit rushed But when it comes to fate is something you simply can't resist Come, come, let's drink this cup to the bottom! Hahaha It's this late already and you're still wearing that mask My lady There's something your husband hasn't told you What is it? I don't wear this mask to keep a low profile Then why? Oh my Yy -your face, hmph Why are n't satisfied my lady as a prodigy disciple of the Wood God Sect Is it the benefits I can bring to your Shangguan family I wish to call off the engagement The marriage contract has already been entered into the clan registry The guests have already taken their seats Your Shangguan family has accepted my betrothal gift Your father has given his consent You've exchanged vows It is too late to call off the engagement now Besides, Madam, there's no need for you to pretend as if you've been so wronged You were attracted to my cultivation and status and I'm not exactly a looker I've been dreaming of finding a wife You want the fame, I want the looks Isn't this the perfect arrangement for mutual benefit? We've got plenty of time Take it slow, my dear, and you'll get used to it What kind of man did I marry? I knew you'd be here Why is Senior Sister here? Your injury isn't fully healed yet You shouldn't be running around like this I'm not that delicate The power of the Chaos Pearl is still slowly nourishing me I actually feel better than before I got hurt Osmanthus wine It doesn't get you drunk. I remember you when you were little I once secretly drank the Sect Leader's wine and got drunk for a day and a night The Master thought you were practicing your martial arts and had lost control Even Senior Sister knows about this I know everything about you Lin Xuan, actually, I've always wanted to ask you These past ten years, do you have any regrets? Regret what? Do you regret coming down from the mountain? Do you regret turning yourself into a good-for- nothing in everyone's eyes A spoiled, good-for-nothing wastrel regrets shoulders rubbed raw At night, lying on a hard bed, I couldn't even turn over Back then, I used to think So this is how some people live in this world The strongest liquor I've ever drunk was sold at the casino entrance One bowl set my throat on fire I also spent a fortune in the brothels Watching those girls with eyes brimming with gratitude I knew they weren't thanking me They were thanking the gold that could redeem them from the den of vice Senior Sister Lingxue Do you know what's the most ridiculous thing? Before I went down the mountain, I didn't even know what it felt like to be hungry The Sect Master protected me so well So well that I thought cultivating the Dao was just about sitting in meditation attaining enlightenment, ascending, and following the Way of Heaven You're right—I've never even picked it up how can one speak of letting go? I have never indulged in desire How can I speak of being free from desire? These past ten years of mine I've tasted and what should not be Now I dare say I know what the Way is So are you leaving? Hmm The seven emotions and six desires The only one missing is fear, hidden I tasted My path is nearly complete Then what is still missing? Worldly ties Worldly ties—the Way of Heaven has led me into the world not so that I might wander through the seven emotions and six desires and call it a day but so that after I have possessed them, to let go with equanimity This is not heartlessness but not to be ensnared by them It is not about being without desire but not being bound by desire I understand That back then, you took ten years of my life It was because you feared that if you had attachments and thus be unable to ascend I've always understood But this earthly bond I truly do not wish to sever I must sever them You've been preparing for ascension since childhood Your path, your form The hardships you've endured were all for that day If you were to give up just because of this Wouldn't the world be missing immortal guardian of all living beings It would be a shame—for you and for all under heaven Congratulations, Elder, on reaching the pinnacle of your cultivation With you at the helm of the Wood God Sect, the future is boundless Good luck, good luck Thanks to Senior Lingxian's guidance I'll tell you, your Pastoral God Sect The only one of you who can actually fight, Shen Zhaoyan has already gone off to be someone's son-in-law All that's left is a bunch of weaklings How dare you still come You're practically begging What a disgrace! Just to broaden their horizons People should try new things Look I just went along to the Secret Realm, putting on a brave face And ended up running into the Spirit Immortal Wait, no, no It seems I wasn't the only one who met him It's just that I received the Immortal's guidance and have now entered the Great Perfection Realm But some people The gap between people is just so vast Can't you sit up straight? Everyone is watching I'm this handsome Isn't it only natural to look at me? You should focus your attention on my senior sister instead Qingyue is definitely going to be at the top of the list this time I concede The path is clear, victory is certain Qingyun Sect takes first place in this year's Sect Competition Qingyue has won We won Ahhh, Qingyun Sect Truly a sect worthy of producing those who have passed the Transition Tribulation It's no exaggeration to call it the number one sect in the world Well-deserved The Grand Competition has ended Have you severed your worldly ties yet? Completed My path is complete Ahhh The Heavenly Gate The Heavenly Gate has opened again He is about to ascend This time he's really going to ascend, you little rascal Master, thank you for raising me Lin Xuan will never forget this in his lifetime Go Senior Sister, I'll be waiting for you up there Wait for me Not even the Heavens can kill me a mere kid like me Hmph, how laughable

  Top Comments:
  1. @deepakrath4300: Nonsense senseless story
  2. @reandpoetraA01: Saya suka kamu punya cerita indah seperti ini bagai badai salju digurun sahara tiada hari tanpa sistem kultivasi yg menemani

- 0 Views on YouTube Shorts? AVOID These Mistakes!: Kind: captions Language: en are you uploading shorts but every one of them is getting no views and you're left wondering what magic button to press to push it through the YouTube algorithm to start getting those views but what if I told you it's not the algorithm's fault it's probably because of some mistakes you're making and if you avoid them you can start getting not just a few views but thousands and who knows maybe even Millions depending on your Niche stick with me and I'll show you how all right first mistake that you must be making is uploading a lot of shorts in just a day in general terms you'd call this spam you keep on uploading one after another with just a few minutes gap between them and that's a big no no it can overwhelm your subscribers and mess with your reach YouTube's algorithm isn't in favor of spamming and it's clearly mentioned in its Community guidelines too so don't make this mistake instead try to upload one to three shorts a day but don't pump out hundreds of them the chances of getting shadowbanned are real here and you don't want that another mistake you might be making not letting your channel warm up you just created a new account and then you start uploading tons and tons of shorts that get no views it doesn't doesn't work that way YouTube needs time to understand your content and audience for example accounts made back in 2022 tend to get better traction than accounts that were just created today why because they've been around they've built up some trust it's a good way to make sure YouTube doesn't think you're a bot just pumping out random content so if your account is new you should warm it up by posting a few viral shorts consistently over a few weeks building momentum and letting the algorithm pick up on your content all right mistake number three do you happen to add a bunch of hashtags then stop doing this already ready look hashtags are great as long as they're popular and relevant but overloading your shorts with them can actually do more harm than good here's what YouTube has to say about hashtags it clearly tells you to avoid over tagging because it can lead to your video being removed so if you've already made shorts make sure they're not overloaded with so many hashtags try to stick to a minimum number of hashtags where it's due one in the title and a few in the description section of YouTube and here's the thing YouTube's algorithm doesn't rely on hashtags anyway it can still push your shorts to the audience without them how by looking at your shorts title and description so your main focus should be on ensuring your title and description have the popular keywords that your audience might be interested in think about what people are searching for and weave those terms into your content hashtags can help but it's the title and the idea behind the video that will really get you the views mistake number four your video idea is just bad maybe you didn't realize it but you picked a topic that's no longer popular it's underperforming or it caters to a small audience here's how you can tell if your video idea falls into any of these categories do a quick search just type your video idea into the YouTube search bar if you see low performing shorts from other creators posted a month ago with zero or just a few views that's a sign it means that topic just isn't catching on it flopped because either the topic is old now or it doesn't appeal to a wide audience that YouTube can push to but hey don't go deleting these underperforming shorts just yet Trends change over time and you never know when a trend could pick up bringing your short back to life instead you should always always do your research start by watching the shorts of other creators in your Niche see which ones are are popular and more importantly recently posted take inspiration from that and tweak it to make it your own mistake number five you're not making longer shorts now hear me out this one might surprise you in my experience a lot of the shorts that go viral and gain thousands of views are longer than 30 seconds but here's the catch it can't be boring you need to make it engaging hooking your audience till the very end or they're just going to swipe away again I'd say take inspiration from other shorts that are doing well in your Niche see how they keep the audience interested for those longer durations and you'll learn lot from that it's all about studying what works and making it your own on the flip side if your audience prefers shorter content then stick to it don't force a longer video if it doesn't fit the idea here is to experiment try different lengths Styles and formats to see what gets those views you'll never know what clicks until you give it a shot and finally mistake number six you're not being patient and consistent look I used to think that if my shorts kept flopping it was probably because YouTube didn't want me on its platform but I was wrong it's super common for new YouTubers to feel discouraged when their content doesn't blow up right away but that right there that's the big mistake instead of letting those low views discourage you don't give up keep creating keep posting and most importantly have patience Rome wasn't built in a day and neither is a successful YouTube channel it takes time for the algorithm to recognize your content for people to discover your shorts and for you to find your next viral idea I'm telling you it might feel like nothing's happening at first but keep nurturing your channel and one day you'll get there you'll start seeing those views the comments the growth you've been waiting for just be patient be consistent and trust the process

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vruuk1 [12 likes]: Subscribe for more tips like this! :)
  2. @kibiandtovy.official [1 likes]: Does delete your videos make you got 0 views the next videos you are upload?
  3. @xkayloedits [1 likes]: thanks
  4. @PachuDrops: Bruh its not working
  5. @VertiqParkour: Thanks for the tips
  6. @HollowMurk: You are absolutely right in your content. Thank you for sharing these valuable and important tips.
😍😄😍
  7. @Tubemetrics0: I have cleared all important problems and solutions
  8. @Dimsiminabin: I literally do all of these and still get like only 10-20 views each short, I’ve made like 10 of them so far
  9. @arfinley1: just keep up 💪
  10. @prm4uofficial: One thing worth adding — a lot of Shorts get stuck at 0 views not because of the content itself but because the first frame acts as a thumbnail in the feed, so if that opening shot doesn't create instant curiosity, the algorithm never gets enough click data to push it further. Do you find that re-uploading a Short with a stronger hook frame actually resets distribution, or does YouTube suppress duplicates?
  11. @XypherTalks: Bro why are your latest youtube videos get only 100 200 views, bro your video became very meaningful to me. Thanks bro
  12. @RiftRushXP: أصحاب التجربة الحقيقيون هل من نصائح ؟
  13. @menchin15: Ok
  14. @peakka123: Subscribe
  15. @MrBouha: nothing worked for me :((
  16. @SoyusShorts: Give me channel names?
  17. @MINECRAFTNOTSOPRO: I've watched so many of these to try help but NAHH not helping
  18. @DailyRat: This is probably the most frustrating part  for a beginner like me
  19. @RealStoic-s9b: You Tube is just a fun hobbie.If you are doing it for the cash,just give up.96% of all channels are never going to be monetized.
  20. @Core_ts: Helpful fr

- Horrible YouTube Upload Mistakes That Kill Small Channels: Kind: captions Language: en So, you think uploading your video to YouTube is easy, right? You think the video was the hard part and now it's done. You deserve some YouTube [music] success. And that is exactly why you're stuck on 22 views right now. What you do while uploading your video could be the difference between YouTube showing your video to the right audience or no audience whatsoever. And that is why so many genuinely good videos fail. And it's damn frustrating, isn't it? So, in this video, I'm going to break down how to upload videos the right way. Jeez. So, you don't upload them the wrong way and make mistakes that keep them at zero. But here's the best part. I'm going to show you how to do the entire upload workflow in around about five minutes and solve it in just five seconds with a single button without missing out any of the important stuff YouTube actually cares about. But first, before we even talk about YouTube growth, before impressions, before even the algorithm, first we need to talk about packaging, which probably looks a bit weird with my green screen back here. What's this? world's smallest play button. Here's a problem. Creators spend ages designing thumbnails and then they upload them without never once checking how they may actually look on YouTube. Not in search, not on the homepage, not on a mobile device. A thumbnail that looks great in Photoshop can completely disappear once it's surrounded by other videos. And creators never even bother to realize this until it's far too late. So, what do you do? Well, before you press publish on that video, you check out the packaging to see what it's going to look like on YouTube before it goes live. At the bare minimum, you should be checking out how your thumbnail and title compares against other videos on the YouTube home and search pages because if they don't stand out there, they're simply not going to get clicked, are they? Now, a little later on, I'll show you how you can test your video packaging in multiple YouTube environments. But for now, the key takeaway is this. Never publish a video with a thumbnail and a title that hasn't been tested on the YouTube battlefield. And titles specifically is where we're going to head next. Because I'll be honest with you, they're just as important as thumbnails. Most creators literally come up with a title for their video while it's uploaded to YouTube because they haven't thought about it until now. They type it in at the last minute and then hope for the best. However, the first few titles you write down are usually not the best ones. I'm sure you've experienced this whereby you publish a video and you come back to it 24 hours later and you've suddenly had that light bulb moment of the perfect title you wanted to add. Changing a single word on a YouTube title can have a dramatic impact on who watches the video and just as importantly who YouTube decides to test the video with next. So the fix here is to test multiple titles on the same YouTube video at the same time. That allows you to let the real data decide which title gets the most clicks and go forward with that one. Now, a little later on, I'm going to show you how you can do this. Test titles at the same time without having to re-upload the video. But for now, the principle is what's important. Don't guess, test. Now, this next one is a little sneaky. There's an option in your video details that's called remixing. And if it's turned off, that means that other creators can't clip your content and remix it into YouTube shorts. This means fewer discovery opportunities and fewer entry points into your content. And that's kind of a big deal because shorts these days are one of the fastest ways new creators get discovered. And the best thing from a creator perspective is that because this is a YouTube feature, it's all trackable. Analytics will show you who's remixed your videos into shorts and how many views they got. And now let's talk about YouTube tags because somebody's got to. Do video tags even matter anymore? Well, they're not going to help you go viral. Let's be clear about that. but it could help your YouTube discovery when it comes to spelling corrections, context, and overlapping niches, especially when you're a small channel and YouTube doesn't really know that much about you. So, you could try adding a small set of video tags that are highly relevant and clearly describe your video. We're not talking about 50 video tags just to fill in that box for the sake of it or click baity trendjacking tags that in reality have nothing to do with your video. You just think they're going to help you get more views. We're talking about accurate tags in the context of your videos. These video tags shouldn't be used to game the system, merely help it along its way. I'm going to show you a little later on how to do all of this in around about 10 seconds. Now then, YouTube categories. In truth, it's almost impossible to get these right because this tool is so old and the category is so broad that your video is never going to identically match one of these categories. But at the same time, if your video is about gardening, you don't want to set it to the category of news and politics, do you? So, in this regard, just apply some common sense. Whatever category is closest to what your video is about, set it to that and really don't sweat it after that. All right, let's say that you nailed the packaging. Great thumbnail, good title, and you didn't confuse YouTube while you were uploading a video. Nice work. >> I tell you what, though, folks, that's bloody nice. >> And then you hit publish, and your video still underperforms. Well, these are some of the reasons why that might be the case. Most creators treat those things that appear as the video's finishing, end screens, purely as an afterthought. They just slap on two random videos and call it a day. Or worse still, they don't even add one. The good news is that if somebody gets to the end of one of your videos, they're likely satisfied and engaged with the content, and they're ready to watch more, especially from you. And the YouTube algorithm is thinking the same thing. They're going to ask a very simple question. Does this viewer keep watching? Are they watching another one of your videos, another video on YouTube, at least staying on the platform? If the answer is no, then YouTube doesn't just stop recommending that video. It could suppress the discovery of content on your entire channel. In summary, a bad end screen or no end screen means lower watch time and weaker authority for your channel, which isn't particularly ideal, is it? In fact, it's the opposite of what you want. So, how do you fix this? Well, obviously you want an end screen one definitely, but more importantly, it needs a clear goal. You want to guide the viewer somewhere really intentional, whether that be a related video, a playlist, something that keeps the viewer watching your content. And what will help a ton is if you directly address the end screen at the end of your video. Don't just have a plain background with the end screen once the video is finished. Talk about it. Tell people why they should watch that video. because right now your end screen could politely be guiding people off of YouTube and that's definitely not what you want. Now, this next one can hurt a lot. Creators see the upload progress bar hit 100% and think to themselves, "Right, this can go public now." Well, I'm here to politely inform you to stop. The video is not ready just yet. It's still likely cooking in YouTube's oven at the moment, which means it's only available in glorious 360p. That means that if you do push the video out onto YouTube, your most loyal viewers are going to click on it and discover a blurry potato. Yeah, it's not a good look, is it? And first impressions matter a lot. So, always wait for the video to be fully processed up to 1080p, 4K, or higher even before you publish. And that can take 10, 15, 20 minutes. And also give YouTube time to do all of its checks for copyright and ad suitability if your channel's monetized. My general advice is to give YouTube around about 2 hours to process a video and check it for its suitability. Plus, you've got all of these other things to sort out that we're talking about throughout this video. You want to give your viewers the cleanest viewing experience, and you're going to achieve that just by being a little bit patient when you're uploading your video. And yet, so many creators don't do that. Okay, so now you fixed two big problems. You're no longer confusing YouTube when you upload the video and you're not handicapping that video once it goes public. But there is still one more dollop of upload mistakes. And while these ones don't necessarily feel algorithmic, they do quietly hurt engagement, retention, and growth. Okay, so let's start with the big one here. And for this, I will need a little bit of assistance. Hey YouTube. So this uh recent video here was ready to publish, right? Yes. But it completely underperformed. >> Yes. So, what was wrong with it? The title or the thumbnail? >> Yes. What about the tags? >> Yes. All right. Which one of these was it? >> Yes. Okay. What that skit was supposed to explain is that a lot of creators upload to YouTube with a condition called optimization blindness. There's no checklist, no feedback, no idea what's missing really. They just assume that, well, I've filled out all of the boxes, so everything's probably fine, right? Well, unfortunately, YouTube doesn't grade on just probably fine. If your title is weak, your description is lacking, your video tags missing, and your thumbnail doesn't stand out. YouTube isn't necessarily going to tell you any of these things. It's just not going to push your video. So clearly you need some way of knowing whether your video is optimized for your audience before it actually goes public on YouTube. And as promised earlier, if you keep watching, I'm going to show you how to upload the video to YouTube in a few minutes that does tick all of those boxes. This is what you call delayed gratification. But first, be honest with yourself. Are you one of the many creators who does this? You edit on a massive computer monitor so that everything looks amazing. Crisp text, fancy graphics, and then the video goes public and 70% of your viewers watch it on a phone. Suddenly, everything you thought was clear as day is absolutely impossible to see and understand. So once you've rendered your video, it's always worth putting it on a phone and watching it as if you are a viewer because if somebody has to squint, they get upset and they scroll and YouTube notices that. But you know what else viewers notice? A well-crafted pin comment. All too often, creators obsess over the description. And more often than not, you'll see the first two lines of it and never tap on it. Whereas creators will completely ignore and forget that they can put a pin comment at the top of a video where viewers congregate. So obviously pin a comment in all of your videos and more importantly have it do something. Ask a question of your viewers. Get an opinion from your community. If you have something of value to offer, like a product or service with a discount code, all the better. Comments aren't just nice to have words under your video. They reflect real community, real connection, real conversation and engagement with human beings out there. So now hopefully you're starting to see the pattern. None of these mistakes feel dramatic and neither do they feel like ultimate algorithm hacks, but together they have a compounding impact and they make YouTube growth harder than it needs to be really. But you might be thinking, "Okay, Rob, this all makes sense, but do I really have to consider every single one of these things and implement them in every single video that I upload to YouTube?" Cuz that sounds like a hell of a lot of work. And that is a fair question because I will agree that remembering to add thumbnails and write titles, think up of a description, find the right video tags, make sure all of those little settings on each video, such as remixing, are set correctly, and ticking all of these check boxes and making sure that the videos processed and everything is all up to date. That sounds like video logistical burnout, doesn't it? So, now finally we get to a promise. Let me show you how to upload a video to YouTube the smart way. All right, then. For this, you and I are going to need to be at our computers, and we'll also need the Vid IQ browser extension installed, which I've linked in the description. Once you have it, all you need to do is upload a video by the desktop YouTube Studio as you normally would do. But once the upload starts, down the left hand side here, you'll see a collection of icons that represent different parts of the optimization process from the title, description, video tags, and so on. And this is where everything we've talked about finally starts to connect. Now, at the top here, you'll see an overall optimization score. This is basically Vid IQ answering a question that YouTube never will. Is this video actually ready to be published? Click it and you'll see a breakdown. title, description, thumbnail, tags, and more. Green obviously means that we're good to go here, while red means, hey, you might want to check this. And this alone solves mistake number eight, uploading completely blind. Now, you might have noticed right away that Vid IQ is already suggesting titles based on your actual video. And these are random ideas because during the upload process, the tool was scanning a video for its content and context to make recommendations. And what I just uploaded was this very video you're watching right now before we added all of the visual effects. So, it knows the video is all about upload settings and upload mistakes and is suggesting intriguing titles to match. So, back on the upload page, when you do see a title that you like, click it to drop it in there. And if you're not happy, refresh to get some brand new options. And as you can see, every time we insert a new title, it is adjusting the score over on the left hand side here of the icons and also on the right hand side, telling us now how we're doing better with the title and increasing the optimization score. Now, do you remember when we talked about testing multiple titles at the same time way back at the beginning of this video? Well, right here with the AB testing button, you can test multiple titles on the same video at the same time without re-uploading anything. Basically, you're no longer betting everything on one single title guess. And right here is a handy pop-up window with all of those title recommendations from VidIQ that you can drop into each title variant. Pretty nifty, right? Next, we have the description. We can actually jump to that or any other section in the upload screen by clicking on the icons over to the left here. As we said earlier, Vid IQ is scanning the video for its context. So, it already has an SEO rich description to add. It highlights the keywords it's going to use. And look at that. It even references the 22 views bit that I used in this video. So now watch this time when I add the description to the box. It automatically updates a score on the left hand side to represent your progress in the upload workflow. And if you want a different angle, simply refresh it and you'll get a new description instantly. This fixes the description that says nothing mistake in seconds. On to thumbnails now. And we know the struggle and pain these can cause creators. So again, just like titles, if you haven't thought to come up with a thumbnail before you uploaded your video, our thumbnail generator tool can give this a go. Now, in this example, all I've done is added an image of myself and let the tool use the video data to create a thumbnail. And you know what? That middle one isn't too shabby. Actually, I can use that thumbnail, which again will raise the optimization score as we get closer to polishing off this video. Now, regardless of whether you generate a thumbnail here or create your own, this is where you can take advantage of a really powerful tool over on the right hand side, which is the preview feature. When you click on it, what it's going to do is take your thumbnail and title and show it on a mockup of the YouTube homepage to see how your packaging looks versus other random videos on YouTube. Does it stand out? And then, if you want to get specific, you can change a topic to, for us, let's say upload to YouTube. And now it's showing how our thumbnail and title will compare against similar channels making similar videos and then preview them in real YouTube environments such as a search page or on a mobile device. The customization options here are almost endless, including light mode. Hang on just a second. [sighs] There are no more I thought this looked good excuse. There are no more I thought this looked good excuses. If a video doesn't look good here, change it now before the video flops when it goes public. Now, as for those video tags, when I added the description earlier on, it automatically added some of the keywords used in that description, which is nice. And we have loads more recommendation tags again based on the context of the video. We can simply click to add in here. 10-second job, just like I said. And here we find ourselves with that category. You can see it, you can change it so you don't forget it exists. All of those small boring signals we talked about earlier handled. So at this stage, the job is almost done. The Vid IQ upload optimizer is just telling me I need to add some video chapters. Smart advice. But if you still feel like all of this is too much, here's my favorite part. Let's say you don't want to do any of this manually, the title, the description, the thumbnail, and the tags. I'm going to go nuclear on this video right now and delete everything so that I can show you this one magic button which automatically adds a title, writes a description, generates tags, creates a thumbnail, all in seconds. It's basically everything we've covered today compressed into just a single button. And finally, if we jump forward to the visibility section of the upload workflow, Vid IQ recommendsuling your video based on when your audience is actually online, which it will encourage you to do based on your channel data. And yes, don't forget you still need to wait for HD and 4K processing to finish. We're not going to undo all of that good work at the last second, are we? And that is your entire upload workflow. Packaging, signals, context, and confidence. Now, of course, we do need to add the usual YouTube disclaimers. This doesn't guarantee video success, and nothing does. But what it should do is help YouTube understand your video more and prevent you from sabotaging your own content when you're uploading it. So, if you want to try this upload workflow yourself, then all you need to do is download the Vid IQ browser extension linked below. And this is just one of dozens of tools that we have to help you grow your channel. And if you want to see a lot more of them in a complete guide, then the next video you want to watch is right here. And I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vidIQ [85 likes]: GET THE YOUTUBE UPLOAD OPTIMIZER TOOL HERE 👉 https://vidiq.com/extension
  2. @CopyKatIsMe [1 likes]: Im A New Creator And Just Starting Out ..... I Already Have A Strike On My Channel And Am Losing Some Hope But I Wish Everyone Readig This Soon Becomes A Big Creator... Good Luck!!!!!
  3. @TSerumTv [1 likes]: Even if you click post too early, why can't YouTube post it only when it has finished processing the video to avoid posting blurry video?
  4. @MK_TechNG [1 likes]: with your advice i feel more confident in my first video, 13:40 description score is soo real
  5. @Unshakenmindd: This is very useful thank you bro
  6. @TonyWinn-l5x: Does it matter if it is uploading on a desktop or mobile?
  7. @QuickLaughsShortsTV: your videos are so much helpful
  8. @HouseFlipping2: Yes, almost true. The hard truth is that creators who are doing everything right and are posting quality interesting videos, are booted into the never find me boxes, where they convinetly stay forever. All my suscribed to channels have stopped posting videos.  The only one still posting is Candace Owens and AI animated videos-cats. We are all forgotten by algorithm and punished for not watching their gross, loud, fakeproducts ads. Either way we don't win because we are marked for the kill.
  9. @RetiredLovingIt: Some channels grow crazy fast with no thumbnails no description and not great titles. A lot of success seems to be bum luck
  10. @DiversifiedCompany: You made it sound like your product works much better than it does. It doesn't. Signed up and cancelled in 5 miunutes.
  11. @user-hearing-losses: I subscribe to your site and I do your method 100%, but my views are still less than 50 views.
  12. @NatureFrontiers-life: YYeess! Yes Rob! Yes!! Bless you!
  13. @TwinsOfTheUnderworld: What happens when you doing say non romance stories but the IQ insists on the same lane? And when you insist on your no romance lane you get 33?
  14. @NattyTechInsights: Great video!
  15. @joyobinyan3644: Great video.
Does this work for videos already uploaded or it can only be used on new uploads?
  16. @REverse-06: U sure bout that?
  17. @Graceinpixels1: After following this steps I was able to fix 0 viewers to 12.8k viewers in just 2 days. Thanks a lot for such free good advice ❤❤❤❤
  18. @tonyr6365: There was no rapture. I waited and waited on it and it never happened. Jesus will come back at the beginning of the thousand year rein though. And He will raise all the people who believe in him from the dead and the ones who believe in Jesus who are still alive won't have to die their body will just be changed.
  19. @JordainMaloba12: You guys, I have 0 views on my other account
@JordiNovarsz
How does this happen despite having 2 videos, hashtags and I tried to make it entertaining?
  20. @Thenandnowgaming: With A/B testing I had more clicks on the random thumbnail that youtube chooses vs the planned thumbnail with text.

- The World's Shortest YouTube Shorts Guide You'll Ever Need: Kind: captions Language: en I've made thousands with several shorts on multiple channels and if you want to do the same you first need to start with an aged account if you don't have one then you can create a new Gmail and warm it up by watching shorts for an hour over two to three days now find a niche by scrolling on shorts and make a list of channels under this checklist which you can screenshot to make sure the channel is monetizable you can type in the URL and submit it into YT large then filter through the list and find what you like most it's good to pick something that you have an interest in once you've done that curate your shorts feed to that content by engaging with it find channels that upload the content by typing in keywords into the search bars engage with the content like comment subscribe the algorithm will begin to push more of that content out to you then you can generate a list of creators in that Niche and see what they do and how you can add your own spin to the content to make it a little better now learn to edit using cap cut as it's the easiest there's loads of tutorials on YouTube to find ideas you need to see what's performing best for the creators in your Niche look through their videos and see if you can find any patterns among the best performers for example if they short is about ski stunts gone wrong do the same but with Clips they didn't use also remember to curate your foru page on Instagram and Tik Tok to the niche that you're doing because the feed can act as a video idea machine next start posting once per day aim to improve every video and play around with different formats lengths ideas and so on as soon as one video does better than the rest that's an outlier what we're going to do is double down on that video format an idea but again add a small twist for example if your most viral video is about the most expensive car you'll do one on the most expensive expensive bow keep repeating this until you get a few million views then get a music deal so you can two to three x your RPM you can get one easily by filling out the form in the description after that stay consistent and keep posting you will reach 10 million views in 90 days and then you can apply for monetization and start earning with shorts feed ads and one of the final steps is outsourcing by finding editors inside video editing discords and asking on Twitter you're going to train them up and pay them to make your videos exactly like you do and lastly repeat and scale

  Top Comments:
  1. @BoostmarksXstudies [2 likes]: Small creators....never quit supporting eachother....
  2. @Teyahasmahne4 [1 likes]: So this is why YouTube is full of mindless garbage now. Thanks for your contribution
  3. @TorqueEdits125 [1 likes]: Done this and I haven't earned a single cent yet
  4. @THEWAL-2: Hello ! Nice video showing about post video in short video in YouTube until get paid money from YT . No easy way for do on YT but all do post more and video have useful to people . Is get fast sub and view but I want make more friends on YT .
  5. @ThrivingRankedCommentary: real
  6. @ceovickyyt: Guys do lemme know if you like mine!❤
  7. @PositiveConflict: Quality video, the only video you'd need if you know what your doing tbh
  8. @ironcrownofficial: The 'Outlier Strategy' is gold! 📈 Many people keep switching niches, but doubling down on what actually works is the fastest way to trigger the algorithm. Great breakdown
  9. @Hanifs_stepdad: nice
  10. @felixmcbride5448: How to make AI slop and get remonetized*
  11. @felixmcbride5448: Fake news, or this account would have YouTube shorts and lots of subscribers.
  12. @MithilaMimi-j5w: Amazing content as always!
  13. @Krronotic1569: nice and to the point
  14. @okaykoner: does music deal still work in 2026?
  15. @GAMES_00009: Support needed here ❤️‍🩹
  16. @Gimmickvr: Thx
  17. @Goodtimetobreak: Thanks 👍🏻!
  18. @beastshots-990: Subscribe 🍀
  19. @StickmanExplainsReal: I guess bro 🥀
  20. @JiSung-y8k: No bullshit like other youtubers, straight to the point 👌

- Common Mistakes that can ruin your Animated Short's Production: Kind: captions Language: en are you making a short animated project that's either a short film a sizzle reel a trailer a proof of concept and you'd like to do whatever you can to just get it done and just to finish it here are my top mistakes and pitfalls that one can fall into that can jeopardize the overall short animated project and may eventually lead you to just giving up and I also share solutions to prevent them [Music] hey guys it's Anika pantora and today I'd like to talk about my top common mistakes beginners make with their animated short to be fair it isn't just beginners that make this mistake I make this mistake a lot of professionals make this mistake when they work on animated shorts now when I talk about animated shorts it isn't just a short film with a short story this also includes trailers proof of concepts or tests that have a sequence so in this video I'm going to talk about the common mistakes I and many beginners make when it comes to making shorts that might jeopardize the actual project by the way I'm kind of leaving out story writing or any of that matter I think animated shorts can still be entertaining and engaging without good story like sizzle reels proof of concept short tests they don't necessarily have good stories that can stand alone what I'll be talking about is just for the production's sake number one which i think is pretty common is your project is too ambitious and it's too epic maybe it's your first short or maybe you've only done a few shorts and for this short you have a grand idea you want it to be epic you want to be big and honestly that happens to me too and I'm very well aware of this mistake because I've started a bunch of different short film ideas but I never finished it because they were just too big for me so you may be asking how big is big in my definition well it also depends on your capabilities too some people can finish let's say 16 feet of animation per week while some will just spend days on just a single shot that's only four seconds long at CalArts there was always a handful of first years or second years who wanted to do epic films or films that were just really ambitious when I was a student we had this thing called the second year epic and this happens when a first year finishes their first short film and they feel more confident and you know how to finish a film so when they start their new film they have grand ideas and they think that they have the capabilities to finish a project but what usually happens is that these people realize that they don't have the capabilities they're not skilled enough you don't have enough manpower and reality just sinks in and either the student doesn't finish their film or the film isn't as best as it could be at CalArts the animation program always had a guideline and restriction for each first years have to shoot under 90 seconds and have no dialogue second years got 2 minutes and 30 seconds with dialogue if they wanted third years got a bump up to four minutes and fourth years got up to eight minutes but that's really just for the producer show guideline that the school has but I think it's a good rule to follow especially if you're doing a film for the first time I which is just making a really short film for your first time and have a simple idea don't shoot for anything too ambitious or epic and over time when you make more shorts then you'll feel more confident in adding more ambition more effort more production value and you'll have a good idea of how much you can measure how much work you can produce in the quality of work bet you can produce number two production wise starting at the very first shot until the last shot from beginning to end if you really want to keep your film consistent then I would advise against this as you animate your characters over time the design and style of your characters change due to you having found solutions to animating the design and making it work in your favor so this means that the design and style will change over time since the first time you drew and animated that character if the first few shots have an early version of how you animated that character towards the end where it's more developed it would stick out like a sore thumb I think people are more forgiving about the middle parts or to be specific the middle parts that have scenes that aren't super important so if you're starting animation I would advise starting in the middle personally I like to start with shots I have a lot of movement a lot of action just so that I have a full scope of how I can move the character how the character moves and how I animate that character and then maybe working your way towards the ending of the film and in the start of your film that way the start and end of your film are more consistent whereas the middle it might not be as consistent but I think people are more forgiving so if I have enough time to go back to fakes the first shots that I animated in the middle then I'll use that extra time to redo those shots to make the whole film feel a little more consistent unless you want the film to gradually change over the running time I would just say start somewhere in the middle number three thinking that the acting and timing beats and storyboard represent animation timing unless your storyboards are fully animated and you're just using your storyboards as rough animation reference you have to realize that what reads really well in storyboards may not work well when enemy to me the beauty of storyboarding is that you can just come up with a few drawings a few poses just to sell a single idea when it comes to animation and if you're someone who wants to put a lot of animation in your film what usually happens is that not only do animators like to fully animate the shot with a lot of in-betweens and subtle movement but they like to add a lot more acting detail and a lot of more acting nuances to the character performance so what happens is that people tend to over animate the performance and the performance might just feel chaotic and busy the simple pacing of your storyboard suddenly feel too chaotic when it's all edited with full animation and here's a tip that I like to remind myself storyboards it helps get the idea across animation it helps get the subtext across and that's a lot harder to describe in a shorter amount of time so a single drawing that lasts for let's say four seconds in a storyboard feels right but when we're trying to convey that same exact idea in storyboards but when we try to replicate that same idea in animation with a lot more acting nuances it just feels a lot more busier and tiresome and will make the film feel fast paced so I do have a few suggestions and how you can remedy this one would be to be more decisive and thoughtful of your acting choices pick just a few poses that gets the idea across and already has all those acting nuances in that single pose think of it as performance organization in your animation - is that you can select a few consecutive shots from restore boards that feel Cuddy and combine all those ideas from those panels into just a single shot therefore you have more breathing space for your acting and it would feel less chaotic and Cuddy and three like my suggestion earlier is to fully animate your storyboard so you can just use that as your rough animation but that's if you're the type of guy who over animates their storyboards I like to keep storyboarding and animation separately number for creating the complexity of every shot the same way not every shot of the film should require the same amount of effort not every shot of the film can be finished under the same amount of time and not every shot is as important as others so what I want you guys to start doing especially from your storyboards is to start defining which shots have priority and which shots are minimal priority I like to label them in a B&C a being challenging and will need more time be being not challenging but will need effort not as much time see being not so important and you can save this for later it's a sacrificial shot so if you don't make the deadline you don't mind if this shot isn't as finished as the others so take the time to look at your shot start figuring out which will be challenging which won't require a lot of effort and start figuring out a schedule for you to work with the more challenging shots or the more shots that require effort the more time you'll need again if you're in a tight deadline save sea shots for the very last since they aren't so important to have so much effort and it's something that maybe you can quickly do or get out the way if you need to what I would recommend you guys to do is either do a pipeline test or finish a shot from its rough version to its final look that way you would understand the whole process and you'll have a better understanding and how you can break down the overall process of your film into your schedule number 5 not properly scheduling or just bad scheduling in your production so this can mean that you don't give enough time for more complex shots or you only work on your film last minute before it's due if you have a due date it's like the mistake where you realize that the film is too ambitious for you you'll realize that it's more complicated than it looks so you kind of have to take the time to figure out how long it takes for you to animate something how long it takes for you to paint backgrounds and make a schedule that can work in your favor here's a tip that I'd like to give when it comes to short film productions making a short animated short animated movie is not a sprint unless it's a 48 hour lockdown film but making a short or any personal project again it's a marathon have a steady pace throughout number six is oddly specific but it can easily jeopardize your films production which is not making sure your frames per second matches with your production overall in animation and short film making having matching FPS or frames per second is everything the standard II's and a lot of animation productions use 24 frames per second technically for standalone HD format 23.976 FPS but whatever weird fps you use make sure it matches everything else for video editing sake you'll start to notice problems if you're trying to put in 24 FPS shots when let's say animatic timeline is 30 frames per second or you used the 30fps animatic for example to count how many frames each shot is for something that's 24 frames per second and when you put it together in video editing you'll notice that some shots appear way longer or way shorter than you intended it to be and it can really screw up editing wise sound design wise you'll have to do last-minute adjustments such as extending a single shot or shortening a single shot and this might involve sacrificing some animation work and it's happened to me multiple times this problem can also ruin the intended pacing you have for the film number seven banking on the film too much to be meaningful successful maybe your film is to want to fill your dark soul with light look adding so much pressure to your film would mean so much unnecessary pressure to you it'll just make you so much more angsty and it might be so unbearable that you might just want to give up on your film I'm going to have to explain this just a little more I think it's okay to have expectations for your film I think it's okay to have expectations for where this film will take you what opportunities it might open I think that's totally normal but there might be a possibility that you might be banging too much of your expectations on this film meaning that if you finished the film and if it doesn't take you to places that you want it to you just deem it as a failure and this mindset is generally bad to have not every film you make is gonna be a success not every film is gonna take you to places and if you just think that oh this film didn't take me to places it's a failure I don't want to make any more films it just makes you want to give up right when I did my student films at CalArts I had these high expectations for my films so they would get me internships at studios like Pixar DreamWorks and Disney and guess what I never got any summer gig or internships so what did I do I beat myself over the head of it I compared myself to my classmates who did get internships it just gave me a poises mindset that just made me compare myself to my classmates it destroyed me emotionally and it created rifts and my friendships and it wasn't until like my third or fourth year that I just decided I want to have fun and I just want to learn stuff and I just want to make films just for the sake of it I like telling stories I like learn something new that will help me the line I like having fun with the overall process so the way I approach or make films or personal projects such as sizzle reels or proof of concepts it's just there for me to learn something it's also there for me to express a story and can it help me get to places and higher opportunities absolutely I can send these films to film festivals I can use my films to prove my employers that I understand a workflow and a pipeline and that I can use it to sell a creative vision if you're working in animation I kind of encourage everyone to just try making a film from beginning to end because there are a lot of people that can animate there are a lot of people that can storyboard a lot of people share the same skills that you do but not a lot of people share a similar vision an aesthetic a sensibility that only you can offer and the best way I think you can offer that is through personal projects like a short film so again don't bank your success and Happiness on your project when you finish it because that's just gonna make you not love the craft rather focus on the learning experience to share your vision to express stories those opportunities will come down the line later down the future remember if you're thinking about directing or leading a project that's much bigger that needs more people more people are willing to work with you because they can sense a joy and passion that you have when it comes to making films I mean imagine finishing a project that you lead and you're like oh my god that project sucked we failed we all failed guys it just ruins the whole vibe and it's just not good in the long run career-wise for you anyways those are just my thoughts if you guys have any ideas or anything that you'd like to share that you consider a common mistake to you when it comes to short filmmaking please share it down below anyways thank you so much for watching this video interested in learning hand-drawn animation or learning how to finish an animated shot from beginning to end have a look at the store where you'll find the complete introduction to 2d animation video course tutorials and other resources learn classical animation approaches drawing lectures techniques and other process videos visit the store through the link in the description below

  Top Comments:
  1. @B-Cii [6 likes]: I'm honestly doing something too ambitious BUT....So far I'm enjoying the process and I'm accepting it WON'T be perfect. And I'm not even gonna cry trying to make it that way. I've already had a cry session.
  2. @Phoenix.Sparkles [1 likes]: The too big too epic concept doesn't seem to affect me, sure I have struggled, but that's what motivates me.
  3. @jilliancrawford7577 [1 likes]: 7:50 so would this be a way to measure out a project to make sure you don't get too ambitious like what you talked about with your first point? I often get overly ambitious about what I can or can't do because my chronic health issues make some things easy one day and harder the next and thus difficult to consistently measure and predict.
  4. @paetrpeter [1 likes]: I know I'm late to this video - but it was super helpful to me, so thanks YouTube Algorithm!

I'm in the beginning of creating a short film and these tips are exactly what I needed to hear. You did a great job breaking down your experience and the pitfalls that you found. Thanks!
  5. @JoeBubbleWorld: This video was exactly what I needed to hear
  6. @blithestrokes: my first short film was 3 minutes long, and was recently premiered on youtube after being in production for one year. it still has a lot of areas for improvement (ofcourse), but the bigger picture is that it was completed
  7. @Novaconis: man... our student film fell apart because one team mate didn't use any of the organization apps, diagrams and sheets I made, I wish I reinforced it because then same team mate kept suggesting wild ideas that didn't work or just didn't make any sense as we were working, him and I kept butting heads on creative decisions throughout the whole production, redoing work as we worked actively on it, costing time and greatly more the quality of our film, we finished it last minute, but it looks like a child's first attempt at drawing... I know what mistakes to avoid next I lead a Team Organisation and overall direction
  8. @PoisedPickleAnimations: Starting in the middle when animating was absolutely genius, thank you!
  9. @jobigoud: When it comes to the order of implementation there are some seemingly contradictory suggestions. A shot can be important vs non-important, simple vs complex, middle or start/end. Should you start with less important shots in order to work out style and benefit from this experience for later, or should you always start with the more important shots, in case you don't have time for the less important ones? Should you start with the more complex or the simplest? If you start in the middle because it's less important it kinda contradicts the other suggestions. Looks like the best is to start at the end on an important shot and assume it's going to be re-done a few times.
  10. @TrivenTheArtist: Thank you
  11. @SoulShadeCartoons: I recently started making animated shorts. After weeks of work, I got only 650 views in return. It's really discouraging.
  12. @FlickeringFoxStudios: thank you so much for talking about the last reason
  13. @shakeemwinn3647: I'm definitely finishing mine. It's the first one that I'm going balls to the walls on. It's epic in scope as well. I guess it's all about what you're willing to do or not do.
  14. @ClabeTickel: Tbh I was only paying attention to the mice
  15. @dawgsideofthemoon.: Hey!! What do you use to animate + make storyboards on?
  16. @AlbertoGomez-oi5ou: thanks master, your words mean a lot to us
  17. @Yokomation: Last year when i was working on jurassica Safari Park, i Ran into the "Too Big, Too Epic" Thing and i did put it down and i was considering to never make it but, after getting a Storyboard animation up and haveing planned things out, i think it´s less challangeing (the video´s around 11 mintues and 24 seconds long) and i did plan out things pretty well by
splitting them up into scenes where i start to animate when i get some models done and ready(im a 3D animator so that´s why im saying this modeling thing) 
i´ll likely edit this when i have done it or atleast a good ways into the project
  18. @chrounous: Oh god, one hit me like a truck as i'm currently working on my first short film for school and so far i'm glad my teacher is reviewing my Storyboards and making shots simpler. I will be coming back to this in the coming for reference 😅😢
  19. @dio_hoestar_4204: One thing I'd say is : the software/tools don't make the ability.
I spend a lot of time researching software and workarounds when I could be just doing it.
If it's a hobby sure, but in an academic/pro setting it can eat up so much valuable time.
Software and tools can enhance your abilities, but they can't magically make up for it.
The basics really are important.
I constantly shoot myself in the foot with big ambitions, skipping pre production and software obsession.
It would probably be more useful to do bouncy ball exercises lmao
  20. @cloudymatchalarge: reason 1 and 7 absolutely slapped me in the face. i have never made a short film before (only comics and illustrations) and i know that the film i want to make is too ambitious and epic. and i definitely cannot finish it by December if that's my end goal. I'm also banking on the success too much when admittedly, i haven't done enough vis dev work for the film and I'm already daydreaming about its success. so from a 10 minute short, I'll make a 1 minute and 30 second proof of concept of my idea so i can test things out! thanks for the vid toniko!

- No Views? No Subscribers? TURN THIS OFF NOW!: Kind: captions Language: en If your videos are stuck at zero views, if you're posting shorts or long form and still getting no traction, you're probably making the same mistake I made. There are five hidden settings that YouTube doesn't tell you about, but if you get even one of them wrong, your entire channel could stay invisible. I used to be there. Zero views, zero watch time, no hope. But then I changed several crucial settings and everything flipped. I'm going to show you exactly how to do the same. My channel is called Felixie AI. In the past, I uploaded content I believed in, highquality, edited, optimized, but nothing worked. No views, no clicks, no hope. I almost gave up. But then I decided to stop guessing and start testing. I spent hours digging into YouTube Studio, reading forums, watching insider interviews, and I found a pattern, a combination of settings that almost every successful channel was using, and most beginners weren't. So, I tried it. I applied all five changes, uploaded a video, thousands of views. Now my channel is finally growing and even my brand new shorts channel is scaling like crazy. I want the same for you. So take 5 minutes and listen carefully because each step builds on the next. First setting is made for kids. Just go to YouTube Studio settings channel advance. You'll see this. Is your channel made for kids? Here's the truth. Unless you're creating nursery rhymes or toy unboxings, set this to no because if it's set to yes or even if you're reviewing it video by video, YouTube might push your content into the YouTube Kids platform. Give it to me. Give it to me. And that's like getting kicked out of the cool party and sent to the kitty table. No recommendations, no homepage traffic, no trending. Your video basically disappears like your socks in the washing machine. Once I uploaded a video and clicked yes by mistake. It flopped harder than my gym attendance in January, harder than a penguin trying to fly. Choose that no button and protect your content like it's your last slice of pizza. And that was the first domino. But then I discovered something newer and scarier. Scarier than opening your front camera by accident. Setting number two, altered content. YouTube just dropped a shiny new AI related flag. And if you skip this, your video might get ghosted harder than me after I said I love you in a group chat. When you're uploading a video, scroll down and hit show more. There it is. Is this altered or synthetic content? Now, if you click yes, you're basically telling YouTube, "Hey YouTube, I'm a robot from 3025. Please launch my video into the void. No joke, I tested it. When I clicked yes, my views flatlined faster than my grades after discovering Netflix. When I clicked no, the same video started showing up in browse and suggested. Here's the real kicker. This setting is especially harsh on shorts, where YouTube is flooded with AI content, but it's creeping into long form, too. Especially if you use stock footage, AI voices, faceless scripts, aka 90% of us trying to build a YouTube empire from our bedroom. Right? So, unless your video is faking real world people or events, click no. Before we get into the most crucial settings that literally changed my channel overnight and gave me crazy results, here's something I never thought would make such a massive difference. I had the perfect YouTube strategy, the right settings, the catchy hooks. But still, I was stuck editing shorts manually for hours. At this point, my timeline had seen more of me than my family. Then I found Clippy AI. Everything changed. This tool is a total gamecher for creators. It can autocreate viral shorts in trending formats like fake text combos, Reddit style stories, split screen videos, even top five ranking shorts that are blowing up right now. No more editing at 2:00 a.m. asking why did I choose this light. You just upload, name your video, and Clippy does the rest. So, if you're serious about shorts, the links in the description, and yes, you can test it for free. No excuses. Big thanks for Clippy for sponsoring this video. Setting number three, playlist strategy for suggested domination. You ever notice when you're watching a video and every single suggestion on the side is from the same creator? That's not luck. It's planned. So, here's exactly how you do it. Go into YouTube Studio, create new playlist, name it something that makes people want to click. Something like secret growth tactics that got me millions of views. Or honestly, how I survived editing 200 shorts without crying. Yeah, that's my life right now. Next, add your best videos to that playlist. Videos that actually relate, not like me and my ex. Set it to public. Copy the playlist link. And now here comes the ninja move. Drop that link in your video description and as a pinned comment. But wait, don't just throw the playlist there like it's trash. Be smarter than me on a diet. Go into one video from that playlist, click share, get a timestamped link. This way, viewers land on a specific video inside the playlist, and then YouTube starts recommending your other videos like crazy. It's like trapping them in your content loop. That's how you create binge sessions. But hold up, we're just getting started. Next, I'll show you how to make YouTube recommend your next video before the current one even ends. Stay with me. Setting number four, end screen funnel. Okay, this one's simple, but super powerful. Inside every video, hit that little end screen button. And now, what do most creators do? They slap a subscribe button and call it a day. But you, you're smarter now. You're thinking like a pro. Instead of just subscribe, select playlist. Pick the same playlist you just made. Why? Because the first video in the playlist becomes the one that shows up on your end screen, that thumbnail, and when they click, bam, the next one auto plays. It's like setting up a trap, but the kind YouTube actually loves. You turn one viewer into four views in one sitting. More watch time, more recommendations. But hold on, here's the catch. The end screen. It only shows up in the last 20 seconds. And let's be honest, most people don't even make it that far. They dip faster than me when I see my ex at the mall. So, what do we do? I got you. We'll fix that in the next step. But first, why this all works. YouTube isn't looking for just good videos. It's looking for content that's sticky. Content that keeps people watching. These five settings, they scream to YouTube, "Yo, this is human content. This creator, promote them. These viewers, they ain't leaving. They're binging." That's how I went from zero views to thousands. Bonus time. Want to learn more hacks? Join my Telegram channel. Daily YouTube automation tricks and shorts tips for free. Yeah, I said it. For freaking free. And no, I won't try to sell you a $997 course after 3 days, probably. Setting number five, cards that trigger curiosity. All right, you made a fire video, but people are still dropping off early, right? Yeah, that's because you're not using cards the right way. So, here's what you do. Go right below your end screen settings and click on the cards. Now, listen closely. At the 10-second mark, add a playlist card. Not just any playlist. Use that same banger playlist you made earlier. Why 10 seconds? Because most viewers are already getting ready to click away by 15. You have to hit them before their brain even whispers next. We're not giving them options. We're building a tunnel. A tunnel that keeps them locked into your world. That's trap number one. Now, fast forward to the middle of the video. Things are heating up. They're engaged. This is when you drop a channel card. If you've got another channel, this is your moment. Slide that thing in like a secret weapon. In my case, I use this to promote my editor's Yakia edit channel. And no joke, it is so useful weapon. But here's the real source. Don't just use boring text like, "Check this out." Please don't use teaser lines that spark raw curiosity. Don't miss this editing tricks channel or edit like a pro with Cap Cut effortlessly. These aren't just suggestions, they're traps for the curious brain. And let's be honest, we're all curious creatures. Every time someone clicks, they stay in your other world. They go deeper. And YouTube sees that. It sees them watching longer, clicking more, looping harder. And what does that mean? Algorithm love. Now, real talk. You've probably posted videos that got zero traction. They just sat there, flatlined, dead. That stops today. Because these five settings, they're not just tweaks. They're weapons. They're the stuff that big creators use quietly. So try them, test them, experiment with them, and when you start seeing the shift from 10 views to 100, from 100 to 10,000 and beyond. Come back. Drop a comment. Say, "Felixie AI, I made it. YouTube is easy now. I'll see it." And I'll know you're one of the few who gets it. I'm Felixy AI and I'm on a mission to help small creators finally win in this noisy world of YouTube growth and algorithms. If you learned even one thing today, smash that like button and if you're serious about growing fast, subscribe with notifications because in the next video, we're going to learn about something special. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Felixy_AI [815 likes]: Join my free community:
🔴https://www.skool.com/felixy-friends-5955
🔵Telegram Channel - https://t.me/felixy_ai
  2. @KonstantinosFlorakis14 [2 likes]: Small creators assemble here😅
  3. @SELAHSIGNAL [1 likes]: 0 views here 😂
  4. @Max-bc4u [1 likes]: took me like 2 hours Ngl
  5. @Blackhammer406 [1 likes]: Small creators or streamers gather here!
  6. @TriggerDollar [1 likes]: Small creators  in 2026 gather here
  7. @TheQuietMoneyHQ [1 likes]: https://www.youtube.com/@TheQuietMoneyHQ
  8. @KTSminecraftsss: We can do it new creators
  9. @x1uke-c5y: i am small craeter
  10. @MetaGuide7: I just wanted to say thank you for all the tips and advice you’ve shared over the past months. Your videos genuinely helped me stay consistent and keep improving instead of giving up early.

A month ago, reaching even 100 subscribers felt impossible. Today, after one month of consistent work, I’m just a hair away from my first 500 subscribers. That might sound small to big creators, but for small channels starting from zero, it feels huge.

To anyone reading this who feels like the mountain is too high to climb: keep going. Stay consistent, improve one video at a time, and don’t quit too early. If I could get this far, you absolutely can too.

Seriously, thank you again for the motivation and guidance. It means more than you probably realize.
  11. @VertAimsxx: This is really working for me ngl, I’ve been getting over 1k views every short I post, gained 50 subs in a couple of days 🔥😁
  12. @forgettablestory9: Thank you bro❤
  13. @Gojofan132: We can do it
  14. @Leafeon_22: Thanks
  15. @boyeusamohma: Hi
  16. @CeceOnPurpose1111: This is a lot of information, but can you help with us boomers? Who are still working on learning how to do this stuff thank you❤
  17. @RND_1M-r7x: Bro my video Got viral for 2 days and now it hold in 23 k😢
  18. @EldritchOtaku-k96: thanks brother.this is a big help.
  19. @MarioAntoquia-hw4oj: Not work😢 1:19
  20. @danhiel_tv8308: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CSdaKijb0A

- How To Copy Videos On TikTok: Kind: captions Language: en here's how to copy videos on Tick Tock now if you're on Tick Tock and you love a specific video you can always copy it and then share it wherever you want post it basically text it email it whatever you want to do with that specific video so let's open up Tick Tock here and say this is the video that I want to copy what you can do is at the bottom right there you can see that little arrow pointing to the right you're going to tap on that and it says at the top send too and it gives you a bunch of different options what we're going to look for is the second option here so you can see copy link that will copy a link directly to this video at the very bottom you can hit save video if you wanted to save it to your Vice and then basically copy it from there and share it so you have two different options one is just to hit copy link that will copy the link and you can open up a note or a text message and hit paste and it paste the link for that specific video you can also do another way as I said hit the share button tap on save video and now once you've saved it let's open up our gallery and you can see here's that video again if I wanted to hit that share button on here I can hit copy iCloud link and it will copy the link to this specific video or I could text it email it I could post it on uh whatever I wanted on Instagram Twitter I could send it over on Discord anything that I want to do I can do with that specific video hope this helps you have any questions on that leave them in the comments down below and I'll catch you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @cristimarcel619 [4 likes]: Not every video have the download sign ,so...
  2. @darylgoulet4966 [4 likes]: Not clear on once I copy the link how do I post it on my TikTok account?
  3. @MayramHadi-c5h [2 likes]: Thank you it help me so much
  4. @ToxicYonnieYT [1 likes]: I'm on iPad will it still work?
  5. @jagliyanawaduge910 [1 likes]: Thanks
  6. @Iplayroblox-j8r: Useful
  7. @Jetojsot: How to switch of the copy link on my account.. please help
  8. @cathydoeyahoo: I want to send or copy a video to someone that doesn’t have tictoc. Is that possible?
  9. @MIrfanN-sz8cf: I am not English but you are great man

- My Software AUTOMATICALLY Copy Paste TikTok Videos to YouTube Shorts (Earn $3K+ Monthly): Kind: captions Language: en i got one million views in just seven&nbsp;days i've been receiving sponsorship deals for over a thousand dollars and i just&nbsp;spend 10 minutes a day and guess what you can do it too i was able to&nbsp;achieve this by spending 10 days developing a special code on python that uploads&nbsp;schedules and publishes 100 tiktok videos and youtube shorts every single day now i'm running&nbsp;seven channels that's giving me millions of views and loads of money to show you how&nbsp;i got here we have to go back a bit from a very young age i've always wanted to be&nbsp;a famous youtuber like mr beast or ryan higa and make a lot of money so i started a funny&nbsp;educational skit channel back in 2016 i spent two weeks filming and three weeks editing for&nbsp;each video and i made five videos in total do you know how many views i got? take a guess and&nbsp;let me know in the comment section.. Right NOW! DO IT! Just DO IT! I was SHOCKED! I only got 1,012 views.. I spent&nbsp;months making videos but the views i got was almost nothing in return so i stopped making&nbsp; videos altogether since i felt it's not worth it.. Fast forward five years and i come across&nbsp;this guy He claims to make ten thousand dollars per month through a business model called youtube automation or cash cow channels It is a method where popular youtube videos&nbsp; are remade and reposted on youtube which go viral and make him a lot of money he doesn't&nbsp;even make these videos since he hires cheap video producers to do it for him and he&nbsp;claims he has achieved true financial freedom because his channels are earning for him while he&nbsp;sleeps HERE I AM, TORTURING myself to study how to code in university, while these guys&nbsp; are copying videos and retiring at 22? i got JEALOUS it doesn't seem fair so i started&nbsp;learning how to do this from the big players in the youtube automation field like chasenamic, kody victor catrina shan and many more i even invested around 5,000 dollars in their courses and services Most of them turned out to be SCAMS... but some of them were legit! and i learned a lot&nbsp; from them One thing i learned from everyone is that the best way to start a youtube cash cow&nbsp; channel is by first starting a shorts channel because youtube shorts are the BOMB right now youtube is promoting them a lot i mean they are pushing videos to the moon! Millions and Millions Billions and Billions of views just for a 60 second video and these youtube gurus were taking&nbsp; advantage of this by starting shorts channels and forwarding the views and subscribers they&nbsp;get to their cash cow channels I have my own cash cow channel i also wanted to get a piece&nbsp; of this action but i also wanted results FAASSSTTTT!!! at the same time i was lazy... VERY lazy... i wanted&nbsp;to spend the least amount of time but somehow get the most results i mean don't we all so i&nbsp;started re-uploading popular tiktoks to youtube as shorts like how the gurus told me to But i was&nbsp;spending around three hours a day tho looking for good tiktoks to post.. downloading them manually one by&nbsp; one.. and publishing them but then i realized what the heck am i doing i'm a computer engineer for&nbsp;god's sake so i used my coding skills i developed during university to automate this process first i searched online for what's already available all these videos claim that you can make&nbsp; thousands of dollars by reuploading tiktoks but they tell you to do it manually or pay them 500 dollars to do it for you i kept searching but there wasn't a single solution available&nbsp; for this automation problem so i decided.. i myself gotta get down on this I started&nbsp;by watching all the videos about youtube api copied the youtube api starter code spent a&nbsp;week fixing the issues in the starter code i mean seriously it's been decades since youtube&nbsp; published this code yet none of the errors in it has been fixed they should have updated&nbsp; this code by now but it is what it is after 10 days of referring the youtube api guide and fixing 134 errors FINALLY! I have done it! let me show you what it does in two parts first&nbsp;part is getting unlimited quality videos from tiktok with the best titles to upload as youtube&nbsp;shorts second part is uploading and sharing these videos automatically part one what i normally&nbsp; used to do was copy the link of the tiktok paste it to tiktok downloader download it re-upload&nbsp;to youtube and repeat this robotic process over and over again after a few hours i just hate&nbsp;my life... Comment 'RIP Pigeon' there's gotta be a better way and there is kevin i found a better way i searched every tiktok&nbsp;downloading extension and found one beautiful extension that gives me all the download links of the videos displayed on the screen along with each video's titles and tags so now all i have to do&nbsp;is find tiktok channels that had many videos and attractive titles the attractive titles are&nbsp; important because they are the ones that people mostly click on and youtube promotes thanks to&nbsp;the secret extension i get download links to all videos of this profile which is 300 videos next i&nbsp;paste them to a download manager this amazing free software downloads all 300 videos instantly and puts it in a folder but the problem is every video downloaded has the same name instead&nbsp;of the titles to solve this i copy all the 300 video titles provided by the extension and i paste&nbsp; all of them to this special excel sheet i made this excel sheet formats the titles into a list&nbsp;of code commands when i paste all of these code commands in command prompt it renames each&nbsp; of the 300 videos to their respective titles now i just drag them and bulk upload them all to&nbsp;youtube and each video is automatically titled one thing to note fresh new youtube channels only&nbsp;allows 15 uploads per day but if you verify your channel or you have a three month old channel you can upload up to 100 videos per day like me the more videos you can upload the faster you&nbsp; get results now after i upload 100 videos i can't just publish all of them at once because&nbsp;youtube will just cancel me and delete my account for spamming instead i'll have to schedule these&nbsp; videos to be published once every 15 minutes now it was for this problem that i developed an advanced next level A.I. powered code that abuses a few youtube loopholes and schedules these&nbsp; hundred videos let me show you what my code does i run the code i click this link it opens a&nbsp; browser i log into my shorts channel i copy this authentication code paste it in my terminal&nbsp; and hit enter and the code schedules 50 videos that i have already uploaded in bulk in my channel in just 30 seconds also it schedules each video to be published in 15 minute intervals and you&nbsp;can even change the intervals to 69 minutes! hehehe now i can repeat this again and again by&nbsp;re-running the code and scheduling the next 50 videos just like that i've&nbsp;scheduled can you believe it everyone is doing this manually it probably takes 10 hours&nbsp; to do all this but i'm able to do it in just 10 minutes man.. stop playing with me what! that's it now i go to sleep i wake up and find 60,000 views i repeat this and after a few days my channel&nbsp; is sitting at 1 million views and thousand subscribers it's insane! if you enjoyed this video&nbsp; a like to the channel would be insane! there are six ways you can make money using this code number&nbsp; one sponsors will pay you to promote their company for example a crypto company offered to pay me big&nbsp; bucks to post a 30 second video ad that promotes their company you can also charge other youtube&nbsp; channels for shoutouts to their channels number two you can charge others two hundred dollars&nbsp; to five hundred dollars per month to develop a shorts channel for them like i do with my code and&nbsp;get a steady monthly passive income for yourself some people even rip off people by charging thousand dollars per month for this service where they probably take 500 for themselves and&nbsp;pay 500 dollars to others to do the work number three you can forward the traffic received on your shorts&nbsp;channel to your other main youtube channels to grow them and make money through adsense number four you can grow these shorts channels and sell them on marketplaces like fameswap.com as you can see for a shorts channel with just 3,000 subscribers which can be easily achieved in 30 days you&nbsp;can earn anywhere from 100 dollars to 1,800 dollars number five you can promote affiliate products and earn a commission from them for example in the travel niche when people watch your travel&nbsp; shorts and feel like booking a trip to a location you can put an affiliate link to tripadvisor.com&nbsp; in the comments they pay 50 percent commission which is nuts according to tripadvisor this guy&nbsp;earns 1,720 dollars per month for 6,100 clicks to tripadvisor we are getting millions of views so i'll leave your income to your imagination if we add them all up the minimum amount you can earn&nbsp; monthly is probably 3,020 dollars maximum? well... sky is the limit i wasn't planning to share this&nbsp; code with everyone but them college debts need to be paid somehow so i'm selling this next&nbsp; level software for a huge discount only for the first 10 people i'll be&nbsp;raising the price after that because i don't want this method to get oversaturated so...&nbsp; HURRY UP! shoot me a DM right now! on my instagram, discord, or email in the description and i'll&nbsp;give you a good offer completely set up the system for you and help you in every step of the&nbsp;way so that you can start receiving millions of views and earn a lot of monthly passive income if&nbsp;you remember i told you i invested five thousand dollars and studied most of the major youtube&nbsp; gurus courses in the next video i'll reveal who were the scammers and who were legit in detail so make sure you SUBSCRIBE to this channel and hit the notification bell icon on so that you will&nbsp;get notified as soon as i drop the For next video: LIKE & SUBSCRIBE!

  Top Comments:
  1. @SharkRatLabs [7 likes]: don't u get a copyright claim on videos that do not belong to you?
  2. @GolfandGaming [2 likes]: i am the guy who continued on this idea...
  3. @Thiago_1337 [2 likes]: "Mass Tiktok Video Downloader" is the chrome extension for those who want to know 😁😁🤣🤣
  4. @Lirikin [1 likes]: its fake guys, dont believe it xD
  5. @bitcandbeyond [1 likes]: Alternative title: My Software AUTOMATICALLY Makes Your Channel Get a Copyright Strike! (Get your channel banned in 10 minutes)
  6. @NOthing-c5k1w: your video editing skills 🤐🤐
  7. @gang_30official: hello bro, i want this software. Please reply!
  8. @MrCATAM: hi, your amazing.....can help me sir
  9. @ilwin: lets work bro!
  10. @ebk_west: No code…
  11. @Tarot-r3f: assem bro
  12. @Mboost99: The best video i like
  13. @maramey6862: I don't have code skill any tip
  14. @reversebrosyt: Youtube Shorts Automaton
  15. @Repeooo: Youtube Shorts Automation
  16. @KekkekMusicLyrics: Even if they edit the video, they take it down. My one monetized channel got a matching video from someone's channel. I ask youtube to take it down, because its hard to make videos.
  17. @seregris1557: So just stealing peoples videos?
  18. @weedytt9031: bro share the tools u used please!!
  19. @Marouane-calisthenics: Whatt another person just talking without any reall thing
  20. @sahilpreetsingh7289: bro how to extract the titles ???? please tell meeeeee
'

- Copy Videos From CHINESE APP and Re-upload it on Tiktok (MONETIZABLE): Kind: captions Language: en so in my last copy paste video I showed you how you can download videos from a Chinese app and upload them to YouTube shorts to make money you guys gave a great response to that video so first of all thank you so much for that I thought why not make a second part of this video to help you even more just like you responded well to the previous video I hope you give this video the same positive response so first of all let's check out this YouTube channel this channel has only uploaded anime videos and has gained 620,000 subscribers by uploading just 120 videos now let's go to social blade and check out this Channel's earnings as you can see this channel is earning $8,000 monthly and $100,000 yearly if you upload similar videos on Tik Tok there's a high chance your video will get great engagement because the competition for this Niche on Tik Tok is very low in today's video I'll show you how you can download videos from a Chinese app and upload them on Tik Tok to earn thousands of dollars so without wasting any time let's get started first we need to download videos from a Chinese website so choose any topic for the video but I will be downloading and anime videos you can download videos on pets or anything you like just follow the steps I show you first open your browser and type the name of the Chinese website in the search bar we have two options D Yin which is the Chinese version of Tik Tok and Xiao hongu you can use either one but I'll be using xia hongo if these websites are not working in your region you can use a VPN when you use Shia hungu you'll see an interface like this now type the name of the video topic you want to download in the search bar since this is a Chinese website you'll need to translate your text you can use Google translate or chat GPT for this select Chinese as the language for translation type in your topic I'll type anime because I want anime clips and copy the translated text then paste it into the search bar of the Chinese website as you can see a lot of anime clips are showing up but wait don't download all of them only download the ones that have good engagement if you download random videos without good engagement your chances of going viral on Tik Tok will be very low so make sure to download only the videos with good engagement I like this one and it has good engagement so I'll download it to download the video copy the video link open a new tab and search for tiq docc click on the link and when the website opens click on Shia hung Sho paste your video link and click submit after waiting a few seconds click download and then click the three dots to download your video now the next step is very important so Focus here we need stories that we'll use in our video to generate stories you can use chat GPT but I recommend using Pinterest just search for stories and Pinterest search bar and you'll find find many free results spend some time finding a good story and download it now we need to convert the image we downloaded from Pinterest into text open a new tab and search for image to text converter open the website upload your image and click submit in a few seconds the website will convert your image to text which you can copy next we need a voiceover you can use websites like 11 laabs or voic maker to generate a voiceover I'll be using voic maker open the website paste the text we copied earlier and go to voice settings select child as the the gender choose the voice you like click submit and then click convert to speech after a few seconds the website will generate the voice over which you can download by clicking the download button Now we move on to video editing you can use any video editing software you're comfortable with but I recommend using cap cut because it's very easy to use after opening cap cut first click modify and change the aspect ratio to 9 to 16 which is the standard for short form content import your anime clip and voice over into cap cut right click on the anime clip and select extra ract audio then delete the extracted audio as you can see our video is longer than the voiceover so to adjust it select the anime clip and increase its speed until it matches the voiceover you can also add filters and effects if you like next we'll add captions to do this go to the text section click on auto captions select the language and click generate after that go to the template section select a template you like and adjust it as per your preference finally add background music to your video go to the audio section search for anime and add the music you like to your timeline set the volume to aroundus 25 then export your video and it's ready let's check the results it is said that before entering the sea a river trembles with fear she looks back at the path she has traveled from the peaks of the mountains the long winding road crossing forests and Villages and in front of her she sees an ocean so vast that to Ender there seems nothing more than to disappear forever follow the steps I've shown you and upload these videos to your Tik Tok page consistently after 1 to two months you'll start seeing results so if you like the video make sure to subscribe to the channel to watch more interesting content like this and let me know in the comments section below what topic you want the next video to be on until then bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @ssengendomiriam7044 [3 likes]: Can i just upload the video to tiktok
  2. @EngineersPathway [1 likes]: Is it valid 🤔
I mean any copyright issue ?
  3. @RabbiYT-m8g [1 likes]: Thank you😊🎉 😊..
Bangladesh a people..
  4. @gloriagomes5281 [1 likes]: How can we remove Chinese captions??
  5. @DoumaChann [1 likes]: 日本动画片
  6. @rohaansaqib14 [1 likes]: Hi, do i need to use really use TikTok, can't it be YouTube only?
  7. @AnimeSoceityy [1 likes]: its asking to log in
  8. @Jonsnoweidz: Can i talk to you in private?
  9. @максиммакар-п4б: hi, do you monetize videos like this?

- How to Post Unoriginal Content on TikTok With No Strikes (Make $10,537 Posting Clips): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how you can post unoriginal content without getting any strikes on Tik Tok. I have personally done this and made over $10,000 from Tik Tok's creator rewards program and grown a page to over 700,000 followers in the process. And I'm still in the program to this day on this account, and I rarely get a strike. There are going to be three different methods that we can use to help us achieve this. But with that being said, let's get straight into it with method number one. This is the method that I personally use, and it is where you're going to make little changes to the videos to make Tik Tok think it is original. I'm going to show you guys the different ways that we can do this. But before I do show you that, there's a rule that I would use to make sure you practically never get a strike. And that rule is going to be to try and use three different clips per video and make sure each clip is under 30 seconds. This is something that I have found out through extensive testing with my pages. And whenever I have at least three different clips in a video with each clip being under 30 seconds, it tends to never get a strike. However, there are also some other tips and tricks that we can use to make a little adjustments to the video to make it seem more original. So, if we now come over to my laptop, we're going to be inside of Cap Cart. And that is the video editor that I'm going to use, but you can do the same sort of things in any kind of video editor. So then for us to actually go ahead and make a video with a clip that isn't technically ours, what we're going to first of all need to do is try and find a clip that we want to create the video about. So if I come on to Tik Tok, as you can see, I found this video. It's got 82,000 likes. And fortunately for me, I know who this is. This is Meek Mill. So I'm going to go ahead and try and find this video on YouTube, the full video, so I can go ahead and take that clip. So as you can see on YouTube, I've gone ahead and found the Meek Mill clip. People always ask me, "How do you find these clips so easily?" Honestly, it's just about being clever with the way you search. So, I literally just searched up me were talking about wanting to be richer and then I stumbled across this video. I could see it was by hip hop whatever and then I scrolled down and I found the actual video. Once you found it, you're going to go ahead and take the link and you're then going to go and bring this into something called YouTube transcript and paste the link in. So, once you're in YouTube transcript, if you are on a MacBook, you can press command F, whatever that is the equivalent to in Windows. I'm not sure. And that brings up a search bar and you can search up wherever you want. So, I'm trying to find legendary. So, I'm going to search up leg. And then, as you can see, if I just scroll down and have a look, I'm I mean, I'm just trying to be legendary. Then, I can see that this is 6 minutes into a video. I'm going to go ahead and take my clip from here. Now, there are a few different ways you can do this. You can go ahead and screen record the clip if you'd like, or you can also use a downloader. Now, as for how I would go about this, I would probably screen record the clip and just make sure that I am screen recording it in a high quality, and then I would use that clip and bring it to Cap Cut. However, I also do have a clip pack that I used for this page to help blur it up. So, I'm just going to take one of these clips from here. So, I'll just download one of these and then I'm going to go ahead and use this for today's video. If you guys want to go ahead and check out this clip pack, then you can find that by coming into my free Discord server that I'll leave linked in the description and you can come over to products and it is our motivational clip pack. As you'll see, you'll find it in there. Okay. So, as we can see, I've got my clip. I've dragged it to size. Obviously, if I was doing this properly, I'd be cutting the video up and making sure everything is all good. But just to show you guys the different ways we can make adjustments to make it more original. Try and remember that rule to keep your clips under 30 seconds and have at least three in a video. And this way you are going to get way less strikes. But another thing that you can do is you can do something like mirroring the video. So now, as you can see, if Tik Tok were to try and pick up whether this is reused or not, if somebody has used this, it's going to be hard for them to pick it up if it is like this and nobody has used it as a mirrored clip before. And there's also other things that we can do such as putting auto captions on the video. You can go ahead and put some filters on the videos, put some effects on the videos. All these things are going to add up to make your videos less likely to be striked. So that's pretty much it for method one. This one works for me and you guys can go ahead and try it. However, if you don't want to try this method, we're going to go on to method number two. Now, method number two is very simple and it is simply just going to be to use low-key clips. So, what do I mean by this? I mean clips of people that have less followers. So, instead of using Kaisen app or speed or whoever it may be, someone with a lot of followers, can you find people that don't have as many followers? Or maybe it's a clip of someone that does have a lot of followers, but it is a brand new video that has been posted or it is a very old video that you haven't seen anybody use before. these things are going to make it less likely for you to get strikes. So, this is definitely a good way to go about it. You can try and find smaller podcasts that are interesting or smaller YouTubers that are coming up and you can sort of help them blow up and at the same time make some good money off the back of it because nobody else is really going to be posting them. If any of you guys are looking to buy Tik Tok accounts that have already been monetized or you're from a country where you can't join the creativity program, then I'm going to leave a link to this website below called Tick accounts where you can go ahead and buy accounts that are already monetized so you can start earning from your first day in the creativity program. So, if this is something that you've been looking for or something that you think could be of value to you, then I'll leave a link to them in the description and you can use code jovt5 for 5% off at checkout. As you guys know, I don't promote a whole lot on this channel unless it's something that I believe will be useful to you guys. Once again, if you are in the market for a monetized account, whether that is YouTube, whether it is Tik Tok shop affiliate program, whether it's the creativity program, then these are the guys to go to. But with all that being said, let's get back to the video. And then finally, method number three is going to be you reacting to clips yourself. So, you sort of making a reaction to the clips. And it could just be your face. it doesn't even need sound. Or if you don't want to use yourself, something that you could try is using an AI avatar. So obviously, this is going to make it more original as you are reacting to the video and you're having sort of an addition to the video. So this should make it less likely that you get stried. If you're someone that is looking to try and post clips that are a little bit longer, like maybe 1 minute, 2 minutes, and you don't want to have smaller clips, smaller sections of 30 seconds, then this could be a good method for you. So this is going to be pretty simple to do. Once again, you're just going to come into Cap Cut, and you're obviously going to record yourself reacting. You could just even record yourself literally just looking at a camera or just like reacting like not even to the video. But if you wanted to do it a bit more intentionally, you could create the video first and then film yourself reacting to it. So, as you can see, I'm now in Cap Cut and I have a video of myself that I recorded before recording this video. And then, yeah, you're just going to use that and add it as an overlay on your video. So, if I go ahead and drag this as an overlay to Cap Cut, as you can see, it's then going to fill up the whole screen, which we don't want. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to come over to video. Obviously, you're going to be on basic. I'll then press remove background and press auto removal. And then we're going to have our background removed. I'm then going to go ahead and make this smaller as I don't want to be in the way. And I'm going to have my reaction in the bottom of the video or in the top of the video, wherever you want it. However, I do also know that a lot of you guys aren't going to want to show your face. And if you want to try this method, this is something that you could try. So, you could try and use an AI avatar. So, this is just one that I found randomly on Google just by searching up. So, maybe have a Google search. Um, this is called V. They seem to let you have AI characters. They do have to be speaking. So, I just made him speak and I'm just going to mute it when I come into Cap Cut. So you'll basically make yourself an AI character and then they're going to be moving. So it looks like once again it's somewhat realistic. And then once you've brought into Cap Cut and once again added it as an overlay like before. The whole process is going to be very similar. I'm going to mute the clip as I don't want to hear him talking. I'm then going to go into remove background. Press auto removal. And this will just remove the background for me. And I can then have my AI character down there. And it looks like I have somebody watching the video which is going to make it less likely for me to get a strike. I will leave links to the tools I use in this video in the description. So you guys can check those out if you would like. And those are my three different methods covered. However, I do want to explain to you guys how the unoriginal content process actually does work on Tik Tok so you can understand it for yourself and therefore have it as something to think about when you're creating your videos to make it less likely you get a strike. So like I touched on a little bit earlier in the video, when it comes to original content, Tik Tok don't really know if it is your video or if it is not your video. What they do know is if that video or a similar kind of video has been uploaded to the platform already. So when you are going and making content on Tik Tok, if you're trying to avoid these strikes, try and find things that haven't already been used on the platform. So, if you know that a certain podcast clip has been used thousands of times, then that is fine. You can use it, but make adjustments to the clip and also try and keep the clip nice and short and have multiple clips in the video so that the Tik Tok algorithms don't pick up that your video is just the same as everyone else that has posted that clip. And as long as you do this, you should have way less problems of getting unoriginal content strikes on your accounts. If you guys do have any questions, then feel free to drop those in the comments or join my free Discord server as I'm pretty active in the chat there and you can ask me questions there. If you did find this video helpful or valuable in any way, then be sure to drop a like on this video and subscribe as I post weekly videos helping you grow and make money with social media. Now, if you want to see me grow the page I talked about in the intro of this video to over 700K, then check out this playlist on screen as you can see me growing it from scratch all the way to over 700,000 followers and making thousands in the process. Apart from that, I hope you did enjoy and I hope to see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @pwisc2115 [4 likes]: The only sad part is that TikTok gives you only 5 warnings that your video doesn’t qualify for monetization. If you pass those 5 chances your account will be unqualified for monetization forever. That isn't good because they don't give you time to understand what the algorithm wants to qualify just simply take your monetization away.  But if you have already had viral videos running in your account before hitting the 10K followers no problem for TikTok on keep pushing those videos to generate more and more views but after you hit the 10K milestone that is not ok. What the hell? So confusing. You want original videos or not? If so, why does TikTok keep pushing my previous viral videos then?
  2. @JoeSbiti [3 likes]: Join The Premium Discord If You Wanna Make Money With Social Media! (Use Code "COMMENTS" For 10% Off)
https://whop.com/socialgrowth-2/

Also be sure to use code JOESBITI5 for an extra 5% Off on TikAccounts ---> https://tikaccounts.com/Joesbiti

Join The Free Discord Here: https://discord.gg/qjuqN5KSzc
  3. @masonballard6402 [2 likes]: Every time I post the video, it gives me a different reason on why nobody can see it and then even after I get it appealed, it still doesn’t push the video out
  4. @BlakeBarteeComedy [2 likes]: What would you do for two people that do a podcast together and want to post the same clip on their separate personal accounts? How would you alter the clip so it doesn't get flagged as unoriginal?
  5. @Managment1-i4o [1 likes]: This time 2026 TikTok updates this type of editing not pe authentic
  6. @theifytwins [1 likes]: Thanks so much. Just what I needed
  7. @qoustia [1 likes]: How about YouTube? All the channels you have recommended as examples we can refer to use clips from TikTok and IG but you haven't mentioned how we can avoid strikes on YouTube
  8. @thehoop74: Maybe dumb this down and make it easier good lort
  9. @marinho3417: best tips ever
  10. @moi7946: so much talking man just say the methods...
  11. @NaldoR9: Bro stop giving out wrong info I did everything you said and they ban my account
  12. @GodofPeakFiction: Do I have to delete all the videos that got striked? Or let it be. Someone say it might hunt me later
  13. @itstammyhere: If it's a free application?
  14. @RioRodrigues-m6j: This is good! Thank you
  15. @OddLike: I got monetised a couple of days ago and my first 3 videos got disqualified from the monetisation program, they are usually between 3 mins and 8 mins long, I add a watermark, effects in scene cuts, is their anything I can do to make sure I dont get more disqualifications?
  16. @the_bench11: Do you guarantee this website you introduced for buying TikTok and YouTube accounts?
  17. @mind_mast3ry: wow
  18. @BIGHUNCHOTAY: Don’t you only make money if the video is a 1 min long?
  19. @movie4k6480: the question is how many minutes you need uploading movie clips and earn from it
  20. @TutsiraiTarumbwa-x1v: Thanks for your help

- Copy & Repost TikTok Videos on Facebook for $15,000Month – No Strikes!: Kind: captions Language: en imagine earning up to $115,000 a month just by reposting Tik Tok videos on Facebook no need to create your own content and no worries about copyright sounds too good to be true right but it's real and I'm here to show you how let me share some screenshots of people who started this as a side hustle and now make a full-time income in this video I'll show you how to follow my steps and make money from your Facebook page without making videos or doing any hard work and the best part anyone can do this let's get started first we need a Facebook account almost everyone has one but if you don't just sign up and create your account once you're logged in the next step is to create a Facebook page to do this click on see more scroll down and click on pages then select create a new page next click on public page then hit next and you're all set to get started this screen will open where you need to enter a page name and description for the page name you can use chat GPT or try this awesome name generator Linked In the description first enable the option and click on the pencil icon to describe your business I'm using top trends as an example then click on generate business names it will create 30 names for you if you don't like them you can generate more next copy the name Trend Loop click on it and paste it as your page name choose entertainment for the category for the bio go to chat GPT and use this prompt I'm creating a Facebook page called your page name write a simple SEO friendly description with Emojis and give me five options once you get the options copy one and paste it here then click create page here you add contact info Social Links and where you live if you want to take this professionally optimize your page by filling in all the details and completing your page with a good score then make your page logo using canva and add a cover photo for your page also update the importing settings you might see that your profile link isn't looking professional because it has some digits to fix this go to settings then click on page setup click on view under username and add your page name mine is Trend Loop if this name isn't available add some digits once you find one that works click save changes now your page link will look much better now our page is almost ready next we'll get to the fun part making content don't worry you won't have to do any hard work before we start please like this video if you find it helpful and subscribe to my channel I just reached 500 subscribers and want to hit 1,000 this month you can also join my Discord to chat with me and ask questions I'm here to help you if you want to start making money online let's keep going we need to create a realistic character for this step because we don't want to show our faces in the video if you're fine with showing your face you can use a selfie or record yourself I'm shy on camera so I use a faceless character if you want to make a talking character I have a full tutorial for that just look at the link in the description to make an ultra realistic character we'll use playground AI sign up and log in with the free account you can create 10 images per day which is enough for us no need to upgrade you can create your own character by entering prompts or you can search for the type of character you need the character I'm using for my videos was also made in playground AI for example search for a 21-year-old girl front view in a studio with a laptop you'll see many characters but if you want to create your own and aren't sure what prompt to use here's what you can do click on use settings when the interface opens don't change any settings just change the seed number type in a random number and click create as you can see we've generated our realistic character if you're not happy with it you can tweak The Prompt or change the seed number again to get different results [Music] after choosing the character you like download it next we'll animate the character using a tool called artflow AI you can find the link in the video description click on it and you'll see a similar page create a free account to start animating your character with the free account you get 100 credits first click on video Studio then choose create a video from scratch we'll upload the image we made earlier but you can also use a selfie if you like click upload then browse select your image and hit open once the image is uploaded click on it to select you could export it now but it will only create a 4-second video to make the video longer I suggest duplicating the scene until you have at least 30 seconds after that click export and animate enter a title for your video then click export video If you scroll down you'll see the tool is working on your video this may take a little time so just wait for it to finish and there you go the video is ready the video is done let's check it out it looks great right the best part is it doesn't need to talk just add a video of yourself and since we're camera shy this is a perfect solution it's been working for me I've even gotten paid so I'm sure it will work for you too let's download it before moving to the final step I have a great offer for you let me introduce you to AI millionaire a smart and easy way to start earning money right away this is perfect for two types of people those who want more Freedom by having a done for you business that AI millionaire can run for them and current business owners looking to boost their sales customers and commissions while putting everything on autopilot AI millionaire is a tool that uses AI to do what successful affiliate marketers do instead of spending years learning and testing this program gives you ready-made products and multiple ways to drive traffic to them there's no need to master sales marketing or even be on camera with AI millionaire you get five different AI tools that handle everything from email marketing to video creation making your work much easier ready to get started click the link in description to learn more now we need to find content and I suggest going for a trending video don't worry about copyright just head to YouTube or Tik Tok and grab any trending video for this example I'll get some videos from Tik Tok but feel free to use any platform that works for you I'll search for viral Clips Dance Challenge this is just a tutorial so I'll pick a video I like copy the link and download it to my device using a Tik Tok downloader you'll find links to all the tools I used in the description all right let's get started open cap cut and start a new project choose the aspect ratio of 9 to 16 then save the project next import the Tik Tok video and the animated Avatar video now you're all set to start editing now Place both videos on the timeline click on the animated Avatar clip and on the right side click on mask you can choose either the rectangle or Circle mask I'm using the circle fit it on the face area and enlarge it then position it where you want middle right or left side next let's add some effects you can choose from video effects or body effects for body effects let's add one by placing it above the Tik Tok video If you place it above both videos the effect will apply to the Avatar as well explore different effects and add the ones that look best with your video next we'll add filters go to the filters Tab and choose one that fits your style let's go with this one now our video is ready give it a name and Export it let's check out the results our video is ready to upload go to Facebook page and click on real add your video then create a description or caption make it in the form of a question to engage viewers once you're done hit publish your video is now posted remember consistency is key repeat this process to create at least one real daily this will help boost your followers and reach monetization requirements faster feel free to join my Discord where you can ask questions and I'll guide you through each step let me know in the comments if anything's unclear see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Financial_Freedom-e5k [15 likes]: The best to make money online is taking about how to make money on YouTube
  2. @AICashTom0 [5 likes]: Where are you watching from?:face-red-heart-shape:
  3. @exposed007 [5 likes]: because of music,this type of content will not ne monitised
  4. @khadarhussain1741 [3 likes]: This is time and money consuming and eventually you could get copy write violation
  5. @diogeneselow7692 [1 likes]: This content idea is not gonna work, your page will not monetized, once you will meet the requirements for monetization, your page will not be accepted for stream ads or any other monetization in facebook. Because its a reuse content, no editing effort.
  6. @UnraveledMind-r6e: Could we do this on YouTube instead of Facebook?
  7. @AbhishekSingh-g6w3m: Bhai please give facebook chanel name who earn with your trick
  8. @lynexatik6625: it's work but now a days i can't upload videos.
  9. @K-TwinBrothers-g8s: Nice one
  10. @Deeloxv5: Can use my phone instead of laptops
  11. @ZeldaDunn: I'm a digital marketer with permission to repost webinars on you tube. But I'm still not clear on how drive traffic to my automated email page. Any tips?
  12. @itsrouse: how do u have that animated wallpaper on ur desktop?
  13. @linolino9306: Where is the link to the AI Talking avatar video?
  14. @MirthfulMews: Bosnia and Herzegovinia

- YouTube Shorts Algorithm Explained for 2026 (TRICKS to Gain MORE Subscribers FAST): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just dropped the biggest algorithm update that I've personally ever seen them drop. And I've been doing YouTube for over six years. And if you implement the five things that I share with you in this video, it's going to skyrocket your growth right now before 2026. Because you need to make sure that you're going through, you're turning on these settings and you're changing your focus to the things that actually matter, that going to help you get more views and grow faster, especially if you're a small channel. In fact, these tips just helped this creator gain over 500,000 subscribers. This creator almost 200,000 subscribers, and this creator over 80,000 subscribers, and you could grow faster, too, if you make these changes. Change number one is you need to completely change your YouTube short strategy right now. And you need to begin ranking for search. What do I mean by this? One, you need to know exactly what your ideal audience is searching for. Two, you need to start making content that has 2026 in the title. And I know what you're thinking, Rob. We're not in 2026 yet. But guess what? The people that begin to post about 2026 in December are going to be people that rank for search. And then as a result, you're going to get more views and you're going to get more subscribers all 2026. Let me explain. Because now what you're going to notice is when you come over to YouTube and you come to your homepage, you're going to get shown a lot more shorts. In addition to that, if we come over here and we look at something like NFL highlights for this week, what you're going to notice is that whenever you search for something now, you're going to get shown the normal long form content, but then after that, you are going to get shown tons of shorts. And as we can see right here, there are tons of them, recently uploaded shorts. And we can see that there's a bunch, and these are all from small channels. So basically what YouTube is doing right now is if you're a small channel and you upload shorts, it is going to show up under this recent tab right here. And this is going to help you get more views, get more exposure, and rank for search on YouTube. And I personally have ranked up for search on YouTube with literally hundreds of videos that have the majority of the time gone viral. For example, this video right here, 1.2 million views. If we come over to Inia analytics, we can see 95% of the traffic comes from search. And I want to show you the reason that this happened. The reason that this happened is because this video is a howto video. If you're doing search related content, you need two things to show up in the title. One, the year to show relevance ideally, or two, it needs to be a how-to video. So, we have this right here. And the keyword on this video is going to be changing thumbnail. So, if we come over here and look at change thumbnail, we could see that it shows up multiple times in my tags. It shows up in my description here and it shows up in my title here. And that's the reason that this video was able to rank for search. And if you create content about the search terms that your ideal audience is searching for with the keyword, in the title, in the description, in the tags, and you put 2026 in the video, guess what's going to end up happening? You're going to end up getting more views, and this is going to help you rank for search. On top of that, you need to make sure you fill out this category correctly. If you're doing how-to content, if your content is how-to, you want this to say education and then type howto and it helps the video rank for search. Change number two is you need to make sure that you're turning on some new settings that YouTube just released both on your account and every video you upload. Okay. Now, the first settings I want to bring your attention to is if we come over into settings right here, you then click on channel, you click on advanced settings, scroll all the way down, you're going to see hype. You need to make sure that's turned on. In addition to that, this video quality enhancement, this is brand new. You want to make sure that this is turned on. This is turned on. And clips, you want to make sure that this is turned on. So, basically, these four things at the bottom right here, you want to make sure turned on because this is going to help YouTube increase the quality of your content. And this is going to help your audience push out your content even more by potentially clipping your content or hyping your content, which are massive signals to the YouTube algorithm that they need to push out more of your content. And the more you can get your audience to do this before 2026, the higher the odds that your channel is going to skyrocket. In addition to that, on each video that you upload, you need to make sure that you have a few things correct. First and foremost, if we scroll down here, you want to make sure that you are not filling this out. Unless your content is actually AI generated or you have something AI generated in there, I would recommend just not touching this at all. In addition to that, if we scroll up a little more, no, it's not made for kids should be what you are selecting unless you are directly uploading children's content. In addition to that, automatic chapters turned on, featured places turned on, automatic concepts turned on. If we scroll down here, you also want to make sure that you allow embedding. You want to make sure that automatic dubbing is turned on. You want to make sure that shorts remixing is turned on, both for audio and for video. And what these settings are going to do is help your audience, help you increase the views that you get. Change number three is you need to make sure that you are only posting about topics that YouTube actually wants to push out in your niche for small channels. And lucky for you, it's actually easier than ever before for you to be able to view this. And it's not going to be something that YouTube's analytics are going to tell you or that you'll be able to see in your YouTube search results. Instead, you need to use this special tool because I'm telling you, this is going to make it way easier for you to get views. Okay, so let's say that you are going to be uploading content about something like affiliate marketing. And by the way, this works literally for everything that you could think of. So what you're going to be able to do is you're going to be able to type in affiliate marketing and you're going to see all the content that gets shown are from big channels, right? This one right here, 850K subscribers, million subscribers, 100,000 subscribers. These aren't the videos that you want to compete against. So instead, what you need to do is use a tool like Vid IQ. In fact, Vid IQ is the only tool that could do this. You're going to download this and click on filters right here. This is going to allow you to change this so that you can only get shown shorts. If you wanted to see this for long form, you'd be able to do this, but this video is about the YouTube shorts algorithm, so we're only going to be looking at shorts. In addition to that, we could change how many subscribers these channels have. What I would do is I would recommend that you put this at about 60,000. Click on load more right here. And then what this is going to show you is what type of content is getting small channels in your niche the most views. And something that's really cool that this is showing is that this video is about 2021 still getting views. So if you made it about 2026, you would get views. I would take this title right here, do it for 2026. I would take this title right here, do it for 2026. I would do this title right here, do it for 2026. Same with this one. Same with this one. As you can see here, there's a bunch of outdated content that's still getting views. And what this shows you is there is a massive opportunity, especially if you don't have a lot of subscribers, to recreate this content with the same title except add 2026. And then as a result, you're going to rank for search and you're going to get more views on YouTube because YouTube is looking for more relevant content about this. And obviously, they're pushing these videos out. This person only has 5,000 subscribers, got over 100,000 views. This person has less than 10,000 subscribers, got over 250,000 views. And there are tons of people under here that don't have a lot of subscribers that are getting a lot of views and you could talk about the same topics and replicate their results. And the best part about Vid IQ is you could go to the pin comment below and get started with it today for only $1. Please don't let $1 be the difference between you getting the growth that you want to on YouTube and you finally hitting your goals in 2026 versus you continuing to flop. Because without their tool, you're never going to know what kind of content YouTube is pushing for small channels in your niche. So, what are you waiting for? get it right now at the pin comment below. You've got absolutely nothing to lose. Now, change number four is you need to make sure that you're creating content that's actually in the right length. Because if you are posting content that is the wrong length on YouTube right now, they could be classifying your content the wrong way. Especially if you're uploading shorts, because not all shorts are created equal. Let me explain. Okay, so once you actually know what kind of content you're going to upload, for example, let's take this one right here, best affiliate marketing websites. The next thing you're going to want to do is you're going to want to come into your YouTube studio. You're then going to click on analytics. You're going to click on trends right here. And what this is going to allow you to do is do a search for whatever topic you're going to be uploading on. And then what you want to do is click on show all right here. Click on shorts. And you want to look at what length these videos are. Now, really easy thing that you could do is you can take a screenshot of this right here. And then you're going to pull up chatbt. You are then going to drop the screenshot in here and you were going to say based on the length of these videos. If I made a video on the same topic, what length should I make mine? And then what this is going to do is this is going to analyze this and this is going to tell you what length you should make your content. So we can see right here that it's saying all the viral videos are short. They're from 9 to 17 seconds. There's one outlier that's 30 seconds, but this recommends making the content 11 to 17 seconds because most of the videos in this niche that pass 100K to 500k views fall in this range. But please never just ask ChatBT this blindly. You need to give it data like what I just did with this screenshot so that it actually knows and understands what kind of content is ranking under there because this is the type of content that YouTube is showing you in the analytics. You just take these links right here and this is going to allow you to know the perfect length to make your YouTube content for a specific topic. And remember, if we choose a different topic like Pinterest affiliate marketing or chatbing or we talk about fashion, this is going to completely change what type of length it should be. And even within your niche, it's going to change depending on the topic you're uploading about. Then change number five is you need to make sure that you're focused on the right analytics. And lucky for you, there are only three analytics that matter right now on YouTube. And it's easier than ever before for you to be able to hit these because they just lower the threshold that you need to hit, which is pretty cool. Okay, so the first thing that you need to be checking is going to be the views per hour on whatever topic you're going to be posting about. For example, the Panthers won yesterday, I believe. So, I'm going to type in Panthers highlights. We're going to come over to filters right here. We're going to make sure that this is on shorts. Want to make sure that this is on people with low subscribers. I'm going to click on load more videos so that we get a few more views right here. But essentially with the first thing that you want to look at is how many views per hour the topic that you're uploading on is getting. Now this is all going to be relative. So let's say that we could upload about the Panthers or we could upload about the 49ers. This is going to completely change how many views per hour these videos are getting. And we could see that these videos are actually getting less views per hour than the Panthers video. So if I was uploading NFL content at this point I'm going to choose to upload about the Panthers. So I would then go through and do that. Now that's not the only analytic you need to be paying attention to because also what you need to see is if you come into shorts, there are two things that you want to look at. So if we filter this by views right here and let's say that we look at this video right here, 1.2 million views. The reason it got so many views is because of these two metrics right here. And this is what YouTube actually just made easier. So this state to watch needs to be over 70%. That is non-negotiable. If you're not hitting 70%, your video is not going to go viral. Now, the second thing is you need to make sure that your average view duration is within 80% of the length of your content. Now, if your video is going to be really short, like less than 15 seconds, your average view duration needs to be higher than the length of the video. But for right now, just aim for 80%. So, this is a 23 second video. So if we do 23 * 08, this is going to show us that we need an average view duration of at least 18.4. I would round that up to 19. So it needs to be at least 19 seconds. This was 20 seconds with a state to watch over 70%. And this right here has a high views per hour. And then as a result, the video ends up going viral. We got 1.2 million views on it. And if you hit those same exact analytics on your post and choose high views per hour content, you could go viral, too. Now, if you're serious about growing faster on YouTube in 2026 and you finally want to get monetized, or you want to grow the same exact way that I helped this creator grow and this creator grow and this creator grow, well, I want to work with you one-on-one to make growing on YouTube easy for you. If that sounds interesting, check out this video right here where I walk through the three different ways that we can work together and I can tell you everything that you need to do in order to take the guesswork out of growing on YouTube. I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [6 likes]: Get VidIQ For $1 for 30 days (BEST AI TOOLS FOR YOUTUBERS): https://vidiq.com/robertbenjamin/
  2. @Corvane-r6f [1 likes]: 7:35

"You've got absolutely nothing to lose" £0.74, I lose £0.74.
  3. @TheFoodieFoodQuiz [1 likes]: Thank you for the info.👍
  4. @terrakol [1 likes]: Best of luck guys🎉
  5. @Bala82studio: I'll try 👍 thank you ✨
  6. @Ranked-ish: Most of those youtubers don't really know what they're talking about. YouTube's algorithm is a secret known only to the engineers working at youtube. Those YouTubers just make those videos for views
  7. @NeekoKonīko: Hype does not appear for me. Just the clipping no clipping
  8. @DoctorRJ: Salute to everyone in the chat
  9. @Aginamind: 😢 i need your help please
  10. @storyteller-d6z: OK EVERYONE PLEASE GIVE US UPDATES AS TO HOW IT WORKED FOR U AND IF U HAD ANY ISSUES DOWNLOADING ANYTHING OR ISSUES WITH VID IQ
  11. @FewElitePlays: Can you make an updated video on how to use vid iq?please
  12. @DontDrinkThat25: Why do I not have a hype option in my settings?
  13. @OutsideTheChain: I've did all and a great quality content in a fantastic sub-nishe and i'm still down...
  14. @thestewsimons: All I can hear is “eck-specially” and it’s throwing me off. Is that a troll job or does bro not know?
  15. @D.P.Animation-DP: Lets grow👍🤛
  16. @xSilenceObserved: Lock in guys your one video awayy !
  17. @BakedBrownieReal: Why dont i have the setting to have viewers hype my content?
  18. @EchoesofAlba: The channels you showed as examples have more than 1,000 videos… they’re not small channels, you know?
  19. @segurodigitalonline: GRACIAS GENIO
  20. @MBtheNorthMusic: 😅😢

- YouTube’s NEW Shorts Algorithm Update Explained for 2026 (GET MORE SUBSCRIBERS FAST!): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just released a brand new algorithm update for YouTube Shorts. And this doesn't only affect YouTube Shorts, this affects all of YouTube. So, you need to make sure that you're adapting to the new strategies for how to get more views, how to get more subscribers, and ultimately how to monetize your YouTube in 2026. And don't worry because I'm going to walk you through the five changes you need to make right now in this video that just helped this creator, this creator, and this creator all gain over 100,000 subscribers. And they're going to help you, too, so long as you don't skip any of them. Change number one is you need to understand what direction YouTube is actually going in. And in order to show this to you, I wanted to show you what YouTube looks like now. Okay. So, here's what I really want to emphasize to you. If we come over here to the YouTube homepage right here, what you are going to notice, the first thing that I am getting shown are three videos right here, long form videos. And two of these, guess what? Are non-sponsored videos. This one is a sponsored video. And then the rest of the content that shows up here is going to be shorts. And guess what? I don't even engage with shorts. I don't watch shorts. And then if we come down a little bit more, we're going to see more long form. We're going to see more long form and then more shorts. And if we look at this, what you're going to notice is there are more shorts getting shown to people than long form content. And guess what? This is on a computer. If you come over to a mobile device, it's even worse. People are getting shown more shorts. Now, I'm not saying that it's worse in the case that this is bad for YouTube. I'm saying it's worse in the case that you're only uploading long- form content. Now, let's say that we come over here and we do a search for something. For example, how to add text in video cap cut. Now, what you're going to see is that when we do a search for this, one long form video gets shown and then the rest of the content that's going to show here is going to be shorts. And I want you to look at something right here because this will actually tell you what people are actually clicking on, what people are actually watching. This long form video ranking number one literally by Cap Cut has 89,000 views. This video almost 550,000. This video 430,000. This video 460,000. This video 568,000. This video 28,000. If we come in here 393,000, 68,000 3 million. So what kind of content do you think that people are actually watching when they go to search for something? They are not watching this long form content anymore. They are now watching shorts. And you need to make sure that in 2026 you are doubling down not only on ranking for search with YouTube shorts but also that you are doubling down on uploading more YouTube shorts. In fact, the biggest creators on the platform are now prioritizing this. Now change number two is you need to make sure that you begin ranking for search with YouTube shorts. And there are several reasons that you need to do this. One short show up more than anything else on mobile devices. two LLMs like Google Gemini, Chat, Chippy, Claude, they actually go through and reference shorts more than long form content because in a lot of cases shorts deliver on the promise a lot earlier. Now, if you want to rank for search right now, there's essentially two things that you need to be focused on and I want to walk you through exactly what these things are because one of them is going to be the metadata on your post and the second is going to be making sure that you're using keyword research the right way. Now, the first key to being able to rank for search with YouTube Shorts is you need to make sure that you have your metadata set up correctly. If we come over here, this video right here is ranking for YouTube settings. And the reason that it's ranking for YouTube settings is if I do control find and I type in YouTube setting, you're going to notice that shows up one time in the title that shows up two times in the description. I have YouTube setting right here. And then I also have YouTube settings in the next sentence. So, if you want your stuff to actually rank on YouTube search, you need to make sure that one, the keyword shows once in the title. Two, the keyword shows twice in the description. And if we come down here to the tags, you're going to notice that it shows more than five times. And you need to make sure that the same exact thing is happening in your content. Now, one of my secret weapons for being able to do this is Vid IQ. In fact, that's what's giving me these title suggestions right here. That's what's giving me this description suggestion. And that's what's telling me exactly what tags I should be putting in my video because Vid IQ allows you to very easily use AI in order to figure out exactly what title, what description, what tags you should be using for specific keywords. In fact, if we come over here into the description details right here, what we could actually see is that if we click on this, we could tell it what our video is about, what our target keyword is, what emotion we want, and this actually goes through and then optimizes all those different things for us to be able to rank for search. In addition to that, if we come over to vidiq.com and we come over here to discover, you're going to see keywords right here. And what this is going to show us is exactly how many people are searching for things. For example, if I type in faceless Instagram, we can see 10,000 people are searching for this a month. This then gives me related keywords. It gives me questions around this. It gives me matching keywords. And this is going to tell me how easy it's going to be to rank for this term and how many people are actually going to be searching for it. In addition to that, if we scroll down right here, this is then going to show us all the different trending video down here that we could actually make content like. And as you can see, there are tons of videos. And then basically all you're doing is creating content with the title or the description or the thumbnail or on the topic. And then guess what that does? It increase the odds that you're going to be able to rank for search. And Vid IQ is a secret weapon to being able to figure that all really easily from one dashboard. The best part about Vid IQ is you could go to the pin comment below right now and get started with it today for only $1. This is an exclusive offer for my audience. And guess what? I would have never gained over 800,000 subscribers if it wasn't for Vid IQ. Because my secret to growing has been ranking for search and Vid IQ is the only tool that makes this incredibly easy to do. Not only because they do the keyword research, but also because they help you fix your metadata. So, what are you waiting for? Go to the pin comment below and register for it right now. Now, the next thing you need to make sure you're doing is you need to make sure that you're actually turning your viewers into subscribers because not only is this going to get you your 100K plaque or your million plaque a lot quicker than if you didn't do it, it's also going to help your videos get pushed out more. And here's the perfect way to do it. So, when it comes to actually getting subscribers from your viewers, you need to make sure you have a call to action in your content. You need to make sure that you're getting anywhere from a 2 to 5% conversion rate. So, if you get 1,000 views, you should get 2 to 5% of followers from that, which is going to be anywhere from 20 to 50 subscribers from just 1,000 views. Now, if we come into my content, this is literally gets really obvious when I've used it and when I don't. So, if we click on this video right here, we can see 1.7 million views. This video gained me 34,000 subscribers. Now, if we come down a little bit, let's say that we look at this video right here that got a million views. This one only got me 4,000 subscribers. And the sole reason for that is because I did not put a call to action in this video. And in the other video, I had a call to action. Now, to double down what I was showing you earlier, I want to point something out. If we look at this video right here, 1.9 million views. This video is getting almost all of its traffic from search. If we come over to this video right here, 1.7 million views. Once again, most of its traffic from search. If we come over to this video right here, 1.6 million views, most of the traffic coming from search. If we come into this video right here, again, 1.3 million views, most of the traffic from search. So essentially, what you're trying to do is rank for search on YouTube, have a good call to action at the end, and that needs to be related to whatever the goal of your viewers are. For example, if I look at all of these shorts right here that have gotten over a million views, they're all about growing faster on YouTube. So, what I would do is simply just end the video in the last 3 seconds and say, "If you want to grow faster on YouTube, hit that subscribe button." And then 2 to 5% of the people that watch that video are going to hit that. That's why I've been able to gain so many subscribers. Now, the last thing that we need to cover now that you know how to get more views, how to get more reach, and how to turn those views into subscribers is how you actually monetize YouTube shorts. And I actually found out this method years ago, but I'm going to tell you about it today. Okay. So, if we look at my YouTube content, here's how I'm actually doing this. If we come over here and we type in Robert Benjamin, what we're going to see is that several different shorts pop up. For example, this one right here, how to go viral on Tik Tok. If we click on this video right here, what you are going to notice is if I pause it, we are pointing out to this related video right here. And if we skip to the end of the video, I say that if you want to get started with this, click this video here. And then if we click over here, what you're going to notice is that this is a long form video. But more importantly, this is a super short long- form video. It's only 2 minutes long. And we could see right here that I've driven a few thousand views to this video. And essentially, the only point of this video is to get people to click the link in the description here or to click the link in the pin comment. And guess what? This is actually driving additional signups for this tool right here, Metricool. And I'm not only using it for sponsorship deals, I'm also using it for other stuff. Now, something you want to make sure that you're doing when you're actually implementing a strategy like this is you want to make sure that you're coming through and replying to every single one of these comments right here because guess what that does? It increases the odds that people actually end up going with this. Now, if we come over to another one of my videos that I've uploaded, for example, this one right here, 1.9 million views. We could see that if I click on the related video, it's going to bring us over here. Now, look at this video. This one has gotten over 50,000 views. And again, we could see that the goal of this is to drive people to my programs right here. And this is exactly what you should be doing. Whether it's for sponsorship deals, affiliate offers, for your own program, you should be using a related video that's going to have a pitch in it. And then you can actually put a pin comment in here because you can't put a comment in YouTube shorts, but this is a way for you to still get a lot of views from YouTube Shorts, drive that traffic over to long form and be able to monetize people. Now, if you're still struggling to grow on YouTube, it's probably because one, you just haven't implemented the things I shared with you in this video, or two, you need some personalized one-on-one help. That's exactly what I want to offer you. In fact, I want to help you grow faster on YouTube by telling you everything you need to do differently. what to do differently with your titles, what kind of content you should create, how you should fix your videos, and so much more. If that sounds interesting, well, please check out this video right here that walks you through three different ways we can work together one-on-one, and I can help you grow faster on YouTube the same exact way I help this skyrocket their growth. I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [20 likes]: Get VidIQ For $1 for 30 days (Makes Growing on YouTube EASY): https://vidiq.com/robertbenjamin/
  2. @Bisu-SilentSardinia [1 likes]: It will certainly be a long process, but I am sure we will succeed! Good luck to everyone 💪❤
  3. @GiieahZone06146: Good luck on your journey y'all, never back down, never give up 🔥🔥🔥
  4. @nathaniellaret9705: We need to all come together small channels
  5. @Daily_failz: How I am struggling
  6. @Charleytriesit: Please help meee
  7. @LukeMangrum: Let’s go small creators
  8. @BatesTV-CA: Brand new and have 28 subs! 

Good luck to everyone! We can do it together!
  9. @AustraliaWorldwide: shorts are killing you tube 100% my views even even on shorts have dropped since start of february 2026
  10. @SailorxChina: I used to get atleast 1k views on my shorts.. now I barely get 10. I hate how they updated the algorithm…
  11. @ComfortCircleTV: Bro you should hire a better editor for your youtube thumbnail stats, see the font change, bro got 90m views when the graph shows 7.5m lol
  12. @KingWright-m1d: thank you
  13. @AllAboutModelsHQ: Nice
  14. @Ozymandias-007-p6l: Small youtubers lets grow together here ❤
  15. @SemirVerse: Tnx dude
  16. @hstardcruiser: Small youtuber gather here 🙏🎉
  17. @ehlmoyana1388: THANK YOU SO MUCH ❤
  18. @Normie-Land: Bro i basically get around 1100 views per video then it hard dies on shorts lol. At 169 subs but aiming for 1000 so i can at least be monetized.
  19. @automationsdigital: Great video and strategy of sending to related long form with (CTA) from a YT Short, amazing!
  20. @TheLivingModernDailyManna: I skip shorts when im loking for a How Tos , I watch long form, but for entertainment, i watch shorts.

- YouTube’s NEW Shorts Algorithm Update Explained for March 2026 (GET SUBSCRIBERS FASTER!): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just released a brand new YouTube Shorts algorithm for March of 2026. And if you make the five changes that I share with you in this video, it's going to make it easier than ever before for you to go viral on YouTube Shorts, for you to get more subscribers than you could have ever imagined, and for you to get monetized on YouTube right now. But, I will warn you, if you skip these five things, it's going to feel like it's harder than ever before to grow, but it doesn't have to be because once you make these changes, it's like turning on easy mode for growing on YouTube. Change number one is that the first 3 seconds of your video is no longer the most important part when it comes to YouTube Shorts because now there's something that's even more important. Because if we look at where Shorts traffic is now coming from in March of 2026, 70% or more of it is coming from search results and from browse features. And guess what? The first 3 seconds of your video doesn't matter as much when we're talking about those placements. And what matters actually even more is going to be your title and your thumbnail. So, the first thing that we need to talk about is how to actually add a custom thumbnail. So, let's say that we're going to come over here and we're going to upload a video. For example, I'm going to grab this video right here. What you're going to want to do, and by the way, you can only do this from a mobile device. So, you want to upload your video to YouTube Shorts from your mobile device. So, we can see right here, it's going through and processing. And then once this is actually done processing, this is going to allow us to choose that custom thumbnail. We're going to click on next right here. We're then going to see this pencil icon. You could scroll around and find the icon that you want. For example, maybe I want to add this. And then I can add in some text right here. And what that is going to do is increase the odds that people end up actually clicking on your content. And yes, this makes a massive difference. Let me prove it to you. Because look, if we come into a lot of my viral Shorts, for example, this one right here got over 2.3 million views, we could see that there is a custom thumbnail on here with me pointing and saying, "Turn on these settings to grow faster on YouTube." But, that's not the only one that has this. If we come back out here, we can see that this video also has the same thing. If we click on analytics here, we can see that this video has gotten 1.3 million views. And then again, if we zoom in over here, I added in an arrow here and I told you that you need to click on this little thing and guess what? And all these things right here helping these videos rank for search, helping them get views 24/7 and this is one of the biggest unlocks right now for YouTube Shorts. So, please make sure adding in these custom thumbnails every single time that you upload them because it's going to make the difference between your video getting clicked on and going viral or people just scrolling right by your video. Now, change number two is you need to make sure that you're not posting too much and you're not posting too little right now on YouTube Shorts and how frequently you should be posting is really going to come down to what niche you're in and how frequently there are new content ideas for your niche because I know some creators that post 20 times a day on Shorts and I know other creators that only post three times a week on Shorts. So, what you want to make sure that you're doing is you want to look at your competitors and see how frequently they're going through and posting on YouTube Shorts because ideally you're going to want to post a little bit more than they are because this is going to allow you to do three things. One, it's going to allow you to get out more piece of content that are able to rank for search and it's also going to allow you to just publish content way sooner and actually be able to get more views because right now there is a massive land grab going on with YouTube Shorts. You want your Shorts to show up in the browse features aka on the homepage when your ideal viewer logs on YouTube and in addition to that, you want to show up in the search results. So, what you need to make sure that you're doing right now is you need to come up with a list of 25, 50, 75, even 100 different words that your ideal audience is going to be searching for because now these are going to be eligible to show in three different placements. The first place that these are going to be eligible to show is when somebody does a search on ChatGPT or on Gemini or on Grok or on Claude, guess what? Your YouTube Short could be eligible to show up. In addition to that, you could be eligible to show up in the YouTube Shorts results and then the final placement is actually when people search for things on Google now, they get shown short form videos and if you are able to show here in any of these places, it's going to increase the odds that your video's going to go viral and that people are going to begin to find your YouTube channel 24/7. But again, this is really going to come down to how much content you're putting out and whether or not you're putting content out at the frequency that allows you to get those land grabs before your competitors do, which is why I'm urging you right now to please try to post two to three times a day on YouTube Shorts, ideally at least five days a week. I know it might sound like a little bit of work, but trust me, I'm about something that makes it way easier to do and I'm also going to share with you how big of a difference this actually makes. Now, change number three is you need to make sure that you're driving traffic from outside of YouTube to your YouTube channel and there's a right and there's a wrong way to do this. The wrong way for you to do this is to put a YouTube video in your bio or to send people a link of a YouTube video. That is not what you want to do. YouTube is going to look at this as invalid traffic and it actually could end up hurting your channel. Instead, what you want to make sure that you're doing is you want to make sure that you're getting people to go through and search for the terms that you want to rank for or even searching for your name on YouTube. For example, this creator right here does an absolutely amazing job at this and that's helped her gain over a million subscribers on YouTube. If we come over to her content right here, for example, this video right here, we can see my YouTube channel is your number one source. She's not putting a link in there or anything like that. She's just telling people she has a YouTube channel. Or if we come over to this video right here, we can see that she says here, "If you want to find free courses on all these topics, search for Baddie in Business on YouTube." Now, guess what? If we come over to YouTube and we do a search for this, I want to show you what actually happens. We can see that the first thing that shows up are all of her shorts right here. Her channel shows up and then if we scroll down, we can see a bunch of different viral videos. Now, you want that same exact thing to happen when people are searching for you and the easiest way for you to do this is to to sure that you're posting your YouTube Shorts across Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and and any other platform that has short-form content. And the easiest way that I found for you to be able to do this without creating extra work is using metricool.com. Because Metricool lets you post to all these different platforms from just one dashboard. And you can even schedule out those posts for the future so that you could batch create like a week worth of content and it's not something that you have to go in and you have to do every single day. Because this is going to help you drive more traffic to your YouTube channel and get discovered the right way. And the best part about Metricool is that if you go to the pin comment below, you can get 30 days free access to any of their premium plans with code Robert. And on top of letting you post on multiple platforms, they also allow you to add your competitors and spy on them to see exactly what topics and what formats are getting them the most views. And they make it incredibly easy for you to be able to respond to all of your private messages, all of your DMs, all of your comments on all these different platforms from one location. So, what are you waiting for? Go to the pin comment below and get started with 30 days free access to any of Metricool's premium plans today with code Robert. Change number four is you need to make sure that you're updating what metrics YouTube is actually looking at. Because it's not the metrics that you thought it was. In fact, they completely changed what they care about right now. And I want to go through some of my viral videos to actually prove to you what metrics you should be looking at, what you should be tracking, and what you should be ignoring. Because not every metric on YouTube is created equal. And if you've ever looked at the YouTube analytics, you probably got overwhelmed because there's thousands of different metrics, but 99.99% of them don't matter. So, if we actually come over here, I'm going to do a search for all my videos that have gotten over 100,000 views recently. And I want to go through each of them to prove to you exactly how this works. So, if we look at this first video right here, we can see it got over 600,000 views. The reason for this is twofold. And literally, look at this one video got me over 10,000 subscribers. If we scroll down here, stay to watch is over 75%. You need to make sure that this is over 75%. That is non-negotiable. If yours is not over 75%, one of two things is wrong with your video. One, the topic isn't really something that your ideal audience was interested in, so they just left immediately. Or, the hook that you had in your video wasn't good enough. And you want to make sure that you're adding a text hook in your content. In fact, if we play this Change this one. we could see that the text hook pops up right here. Change a setting to increase your views. And we can see, if I zoom in here, that it's bright yellow. It's got the logo. Captures people's attention. And that's why people stayed to watch this video. Now, if we come over to my other content, we're going to see the same exact thing is true. For this video right here, we scroll down, 160,000 views, 91% stayed to watch. Now, if we come to the next video here, 150,000 views, we're going to see the same thing here. This is 77%. So, it doesn't really matter how high that number is. It just needs to be over 75%. The next thing you want to pay attention to is your average view duration versus the length of your video. If your video is less than 30 seconds, so 30 seconds to 0 seconds, this average view duration number needs to be greater than the length of your video for your video to go viral. Now, if we look at a lot of my viral videos, we could see that it wasn't the case that my video was less than 30 seconds. So, if we look at a video like this that's 49 seconds, we actually need to pull out a calculator for this one. So, I'm going to come over here. I'm going to grab my calculator. We could scroll down and we could see that the video view duration is 43 seconds and the length of this video was 49 seconds. So, if we take 43, divide that by 49, we could see that's 87%. You want to make sure that it's at least 80%. So, on a video that was 49 seconds long, if we come over here, type in 49 * 0.8, we need at least 39.2. So, aim for 39 seconds of average view duration in order for this video to go viral. So long as you would have kept people for that long, your video would have ended up going viral as long as you have both that state-to-watch number and the average view duration. Then, the final thing that you need to make sure is true is you need to make sure that your YouTube channel is actually optimized with all of the right settings, all of the right descriptions, your homepage setup, and so much more. And we're about to dive through all of those things and how you can make sure that they're set up. Now, in order to show you all this, I actually wanted to walk through one of my other YouTube channels cuz this is a new channel, so it's probably more relatable for you guys. So, the first thing that we need to make sure that we do is if we come over here to the top right-hand corner and we click on your channel right here. We need to make sure that your homepage is going to be set up correctly. Now, ideally what you want to have is your popular videos, then all of your videos, then all of your shorts, and then all of your posts right here. Now, the way that you're going to do this is when you come to your homepage, you're going to be able to click on customize channel right here. From here, what you're going to be able to do is you're going to be able to click on home tab right here. This is where you're actually be able to figure out all these different layouts. And if we click into this, we could see that you could remove sections, you could change where they show up, and you could add more sections if you wanted to or if you had other sections, and then you could view it on your channel, you could publish it. It's very easy to make those changes. In addition, from over here, you need to make sure that you have a banner image set up that ideally is going to be incentivizing people to subscribe. You want to make sure that you have a profile picture set up that ideally is going to be bright, is going to stand out, and is going to help people remember who you are. In addition to that, your name and your handle, ideally, they should be the same and you want to try to have your niche in your handle. For example, I talk about AI tools on this channel, which is why I have AI inside of my name. Now, from here, the other thing that you want to do is come over into your settings and make sure that you have the correct settings enabled and there are going to be several. The first one that you want to look for is coming into channel right here. You want to make sure you have the correct country of residence and you want to make sure that you have keywords here. These keywords should contain three things. The first thing is going to be your channel name, which we could see right here. The second thing are going to be a few of your competitors, which we could see right here, Matt Wolf AI Advantage. The third thing is whatever you are posting about, you want to have all those different keywords in here so YouTube understands what your videos are actually about. The next setting you need to care about is going to be under advanced settings. You want to make sure that this says no, this channel is not for kids. And you should only be doing this so long as your content isn't exclusively for kids. In addition to that, if you scroll down here, you want to make sure that automatic dubbing is turned on with these same settings that I have right here. And if we keep scrolling down even more, you want to make sure that clips, this is checked on. You want to make sure that video quality enhancements is turned on both for visual and for audio. And you want to make sure that hype is here and this one is really important, third-party training, turn this off. You do not want this happening on your channel. And that final thing you want to make sure that is true is if you come over to feature eligibility, that all three of these show to enabled. If none of those are true or if you have any of these settings messed up, could be the reason you're not getting the reach that you want. Now, if you enjoyed this video and you want to learn the best time to post on YouTube Shorts right now to go viral in 2026, I would strongly suggest you check out this video right here that walks you through exactly that. I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [17 likes]: Try Any Metricool Premium Plan, 30 days for FREE: https://metricool.com/robert-benjamin/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=influencer&utm_campaign=20260228_robert-benjamin_yt-batch-post-feb_en&utm_content=integration&utm_term=q1
  2. @FacesPast [2 likes]: I'm working on doing these things, but I'm not sure how much they effect us REALLY small channels lol. Seems to be unique algorithmic inputs when you're below a certain number of subs
  3. @AtlasUniverseHQ: Well explained!
  4. @Curiosity-Crash: this is BS man, the thumbnail doesnt matter. 98% of views come from the shorts feed
  5. @prm4uofficial: Интересно, что в 2026 году Shorts всё больше конкурируют с длинными видео за место в рекомендациях — значит, просто частый постинг уже не работает. Какой сигнал по-твоему сейчас весит больше для продвижения Shorts: сохранения или шеры? 🤔
  6. @ZippyandNokoUniverse: posting on tiktok or ig, does it the same short you post or different?
  7. @Worldhisthub: Good luck all
  8. @AiImran.1: Thanks for information ❤
  9. @ShortsviewGrowth: Most videos fail in first 2 seconds.

If you want, I can check yours.
  10. @KLOCGAMINGxD: Hi Robert - do you know why YT shorts can have 0 tests /0 views even after few days? (No cipied content) - for 2weeks all my shorts are literallly dead from beginning... 😭😭😭
  11. @GiieahZone06146: Goodluck guys ❤
  12. @mangugun99: Thank for info
  13. @GodsGravesLies: Lowkey this is real… I changed my hook style and my retention went crazy. Still experimenting though 👀
  14. @Amar.Porobić: Nobody will subscribe ,don’t expect to much from people
  15. @wonderfulmessagechannel2522: Small YouTuber need to work smart to succed. So, let start our smart work.
  16. @MrSigmaScience: Good luck ❤
  17. @Captfacts: As a fellow beginner creator, I am ready to subscribe you guys.
  18. @jkplayz204: Hi anyone seeing this  good luck I posted lots don't get any likes or views 😢
  19. @pocketrocketsgarage: Anyone else just get 1.2k views? Annoying right?
  20. @prm4uofficial: Интересно, что в видео акцент на частоту публикации Shorts, но по моим наблюдениям в 2026 алгоритм всё сильнее взвешивает "satisfaction signals" — сохранения и шеры весят больше, чем просто просмотры. Стоит ли тогда лучше сократить количество Shorts в неделю, но вкладываться в хук первых 2-3 секунд так, чтобы люди досматривали и делились? 🤔

- Why Most YouTube Shorts Never Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en Your shot goes through three levels of waves and to go viral you have to perform well at every level. Wave One from 500 to 1500 views. This wave is very easy to reach and even easier to pass. All I need is you to reach 500 views. Good video quality, clean audio and proper SEO. Meaning the title, description, and tags that tell the algorithm what your video is about. To cross 15,000 views and enter wave two, you need 40 to 50% average view duration and 40 to 50% stage two watch. This gives YouTube the signal. People are actually watching it. Get this number right and boom. Welcome to Wave Two. Wave two. From 1500 to 3000 views. Now your video is being shown to a larger audience. To move ahead, you need 60% plus average view duration, 60% plus state to watch and 3% plus like to view ratio. These numbers were hit. Congratulations up to viral loop. Let's take an example of one of my shots. He hit the right stats at 1500 views and then he exploded. But there was another shot, it stopped at 25. The stats were fine but the comments were almost zero. That was the only problem. If you are tired of comments then now you know exactly how YouTube videos go viral. If you have any questions, put them in the comments. I reply to every single one and don't forget to subscribe. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Aitechyyai: Konsa wave accha laga tumh ?

- Our YouTube Shorts Went Viral… but It Hurt Our Channel: Kind: captions Language: en - So my YouTube channel just got 375% more views and grew by 50,000 subscribers in less than 28 days. This growth could actually be hurting my YouTube channel. 10 lessons, tips, and warnings about YouTube Shorts. It's kind of like the good, the bad, and the ugly. Number one, the YouTube Shorts feed is the key to getting massive viral traffic on YouTube. A few shorts really broke out for us at Think Media and the result was that in the last 28 days we got 17.4 million views on YouTube Shorts. Our most viral video got 11.2 million views, one video, in just the last 28 days. It actually has more than that. That's how many views it got in the last 28 days. It's been out for a long time. But I'm skipping ahead in terms of my points. Which by the way is, I wanna say, the most viral video that Think Media has ever seen now. Post YouTube Shorts, but then, wait. So Sean, you posted this short. Did it go viral right away? It didn't. In fact, check this out. It blew up at day 150. 150 days after it was posted. Commit to the process, commit to posting and then be patient because videos can take off later and they may not take off instantly. Number three, when it comes to earning money on YouTube YouTube Shorts do not pay very well. So this breakout short, 11.2 million views, earned me $536.74. Let me give you some numbers of what's happening over on our Think Media channel. Traditional YouTube videos and live streams we get around 4 million views every month, however, that earns the channel a $7.36 RPM. What is RPM? How much do we earn per thousand views? $7.36 which equates to nearly $30,000. So the comparison of how much you earn from YouTube Shorts versus long form videos, the delta is shocking. It's wild. Number four, YouTube Shorts can grow your subscribers quickly. In the last month, YouTube Shorts grew our channel 12,200 subscribers. Number five, though, subscribers don't matter as much as you think they do. And here's what some creators have been saying. Having subscribers is cool, but it doesn't really matter if they don't care about you as a person, especially in the world of short form content where your viewers are one swipe away from moving on to someone else. Number six, making mistakes in your video can trigger engagement. The biggest one is me interviewing Patrick Bet-David talking about Mr. Beast being offered a billion dollars. Here's what's funny, the comments are the most entertaining thing I've ever seen. So what PBD does is he goes, "Hey, let's do some simple math." - He's got total 17 billion views. 17 billion views divided by 100 million because that's what Super Bowl claims. So that's 170 times 5 million bucks. His one channel alone has generated a minimum of $850 million and I'm calculating only one commercial. - What ended up happening were people like, "That was so dumb, like that was the wrong way to calculate it." Or, "That was such a bad way of calculating it." But here is the strategy and the tip. Not even that it was a strategy, but it can be and I got an example. Making mistakes in your video can trigger engagement. So average uteration is maxed out because of the mistake. Number seven is YouTube Shorts viewers are typically a younger audience. And here's why that's important. Even when it comes to CPMs, people go, "Man, how does CPMs and RPMs," which is the technical terms for how YouTube determines how much to pay you, "How do I earn more money on YouTube? What are some of the factors that influence that?" Well, some of the things that influence that is quote unquote "the quality of the audience." Typically, older audiences command higher YouTube revenue. Typically more affluent audiences, let's just call it professionals, you getting millions of views from people who would never do business with you based on the money plan you create for your YouTube channel, what good is it? Not all views are created equal. That's number eight. Not a lot of ad revenue, but a lot of subscribers. But what are the quality of the subscribers? What my warning would be, this could lead you to maybe make some poor decisions, abandoning long form because it appears that short form is what's getting the results. Number nine, this is a big one. Ask whose brand is this video building? That number one video I start the video on camera, but I am just the interviewer. The thoughtful, grateful, I'm pumped this video's going viral, but it's also Patrick Bet-David's platformed as the expert 'cause he is, I'm interviewing him. And again, we're talking about Mr. Beast and everybody knows Mr. Beast. I'm asking you the question whose brand is that video building? So here's the second question for you under number nine. What is the bigger brand you're building? If you're going to actually build longevity on YouTube and not just experience 15 minutes of fame it's a good idea for you to be really thoughtful about what's the bigger vision, what's the bigger brand? Is it about going viral or is it about making an impact and having a clear mission, and a clear purpose, and a clear definition of what winning looks like? Number 10, community is the key to building lasting success on YouTube. This is not just my opinion here's what some industry executives said. The real problem with the shift to short form video is that these new subscribers don't always represent a community. That could be the reason why some short form creators struggle to build loyal fan bases. I would rather have a small highly engaged audience than millions of random views. Community is the key to building lasting success on YouTube and new subscribers and viral shorts don't always represent a community and they don't always build loyal fan bases. What's your vision? What are you trying to build? Are you okay with sacrificing ego, or vanity metrics, or just the desire for as much fame as possible? And I bet if you're listening to this that's probably not your core desire. It's not like you maybe want to be famous. However, you've believed the lie that going viral and having a massive following is the only way to create full-time success in the creator economy. This is why YouTube Shorts are awesome but they kind of suck.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [24 likes]: What do you think of YouTube Shorts? Let me know!
Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2023 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @jbivphotography [2 likes]: Any updates on this? I've had my ad rev drop about 80% since starting doing shorts and now I'm thinking about moving my shorts on to another channel so they don't eat up my whole channel. Any thoughts?
  3. @MridulGhimire [1 likes]: What about avg video duration 
Viewers from shorts are not going to watch full video which can significantly drop AVG view duration.
  4. @I_Love_Wisdom [1 likes]: To be honest, I don’t know what to believe anymore. Some people who are trying to help us grow our channel say one thing and then another group says another thing. This is not my channel where I have videos. I have a different channel for that, but my point isit’s almost impossible to grow a channel with so much conflicting dialogue.
  5. @JaeStarsInMyEyes: I messed up my channel with shorts smh now my videos I post only gets 15 to 20 views 😢 I just keep posting and hope that it pick up eventually!! I'm almost at 1,000 subs to get monetize
  6. @Japanese_Dub_Gaming: I had Shorts on my channel after learning they were hurting it.
Thus, creating a second channel for the Shorts.   

I think channels that have a large community are able to have the hybrid channel, long-form videos and Shorts.
  7. @HowToFix86: What if i create 3 long videos and 2 shorts per week? would that be ok?
  8. @AVAPopCulture: Subscribers do matter...the more subs you have, the more "authority" you are seen to have by viewers and thus they are more likely to watch and thus, youtube will push your videos more....also, the bigger your channel, the more your videos get pushed....the more subs, the higher your "floor" for your views/revenue ...the higher your floor, the higher your ceiling
  9. @citiesby4zlens: I don't know Youtube shorts are the problem or no suggestions for my videos
  10. @MyHobbies4fun: I agree it does hurt your channel.
  11. @joneseymusic: My strategy as an independent songwriter:

Short Version:
While some write for charts…I write for hearts.

Long version:
After years of just randomly throwing up videos of whatever was in front of me, I finally sat down and asked myself what is the purpose of what I’m doing. Not just YouTube, but all the other platforms.
I quickly realized they’re different audiences therefore different strategies.
I use YouTube shorts as a way of releasing my latest single I’m pushing. It’s literally a campaign so I create a playlist and post M-F 1 short a day knowing its an intentional strategy to build up anticipation for the music video then I release the song officially on streaming services even though it’s actually already out there.
This is a 180 day strategy that I believe will yield tremendous results as opposed to trying to game some algorithm.
I want my YouTube channel to be episodic that builds to theatrical.
  12. @BeautyWithMagaly: This is happening to my channel; one of my shorts went viral, and now my long videos are getting 0 traction.  I'm just a nub 200 SUBS. What do I do now?
  13. @JoeCroninSHOW: BUILD 2 channels   make one channel for VIRAL crazy non personal content and make your 1 channel all you with value.  You only need 3000 people not even to have a major success.
I grew my channel and bought a home off of 60K SUBS and only about 8,000 active ones people donate and support. Bring VALUE you will get it back
  14. @livinginbellinghamwa1: I am a Realtor and I always here other realtors tell me to NOT post Shorts on my youtube channel. So my question to you, the expert, what should i be doing? Should I add in a few shorts here and there or completely stay away from them?
  15. @Tsufit: Great to know that 150 days later things can take off.
  16. @Feverishchic: Shorts… is nice too! if we have small channel… but not very good for the big channel😅 I lost my views when I started posted youtube videos.😢
  17. @KuruMeat: That might be a good thing for me, because I want younger people to get into short films or at least introduce them to indie films
  18. @RealWithAuntRo: Some people on here say not to put shorts on your channel as well as  videos.... That it hurts your video views. So much info.
@realwithauntro
  19. @toylearningsandbox: My channel is for kids and I’m guessing toddlers don’t watch shorts (idk?!) so would you suggest skipping them all together?
  20. @MercedesNarration: Thanks for the info, I'm interested in doing both forms  short and long. I'm already done 6 short and will have a long form ready these weekend. 5-10 min videos thats it. Wish me luck.

- How to Add a Thumbnail to YouTube Shorts (NEW Feature): Kind: captions Language: en - Here's how to add in a custom thumbnail for your YouTube Shorts. That is gonna show up on the Shorts shelf. First thing you wanna do is upload your YouTube Shorts. If you've already uploaded a Short, you're not able to choose the thumbnail afterwards so you need to make sure you're choosing the thumbnail before you hit upload. So, I'm gonna hit this plus button and I'm gonna hit upload a video. And I am just going to go ahead and choose this video here as my YouTube Shorts. That is my cute son, Luca. And once you hit next, you're gonna hit next. Again, just assuming it's all good to go. And from here, you're able to actually title your YouTube Shorts. So, I'll put title here. And then before you hit upload, you do not wanna hit upload Short just yet. In the top left-hand corner, this is going to be new. And if you don't have it yet, you're gonna be having this soon as it rolls out to more and more people. But in that corner, you see the pencil, you're gonna wanna select that, and this is going to allow you now to choose a custom thumbnail to show up on that Shorts shelf. All you need to do is scrub through and find the best moment that is going to make people want to click on that video. And this ultimately is gonna help you get more views on YouTube. So for this video, I wanna choose the point where he is smiling the most and that looks perfect to me. All you need to do is hit done and now you have a custom thumbnail that you can upload your Short with. As of right now, this only works on the smartphone. If you're uploading a Short from your desktop, you are going to scroll down here and you are gonna see a thumbnail option. And it says, "For now, you can't change the thumbnail on your Short." If you wanna watch a video on how to grow your YouTube channel using YouTube Shorts then click on the screen and I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkMediaTV [51 likes]: Have you tried out this new feature yet? Let us know how this new feature has impacted  your views ⤵
🔥Get Your First 1K Subs & Earn Your First $1K on YouTube with this FREE Challenge here! 👉  https://geni.us/8QBd
Check out our FREE CLASS on 3 Secrets for Growing Your YouTube Channel in 2023 here!: http://ThinkMasterclass.com
  2. @VibesAndShutter [2 likes]: Here is how to change your thumbnail AFTER uploading (you can only slect a different frame). 1. Open YouTube app on your smart phone (NOT YOUTUBE STUDIO) 2. Go to your videos 3. choose the shorts you want to change thumnail. 4. Click on the small tiny PEN icon on the thumbnail. 5. Select your desired frame. DONE ! Happy day and wish you Positive VIBES 🤩🤩
  3. @JuanLZavala [2 likes]: Ugh.. why can't I just upload a custom thumbnail from Photoshop? Why just a generic snapshot from the video? Do other creators add a thumbnail within the video that they can use as a thumbnail?
  4. @popjazzkeys [1 likes]: Sorry, I think you picked a misleading video title. You are not actually adding a thumbnail to your video; you are simply choosing a different one from the video. Adding a thumbnail means (to me) uploading a custom thumbnail, just like you do with regular YouTube videos. Cheers!
  5. @thisandthat65 [1 likes]: This is NOT a custom thumbnail.
  6. @Steampunkgothgirl [1 likes]: Doesn’t work on iPhone. Using YouTube studio.
  7. @TrillDSeaux [1 likes]: This ain’t “custom” where’s the upload option on mobile ? I don’t want to use a frame from my video.
  8. @360Tours [1 likes]: The reason why these apps are pushing you to use your phone is because your phone has more data that they can steal. You are the product and these companies will continue to do this unless we stop them.
  9. @Ogobest_space: Thanks for sharing it worked for me
  10. @Mista808: It's absolutely ridiculous how difficult YouTube makes it to use a custom thumbnail when uploading a short!  
I uploaded the video of my short as (UNLISTED) from my PC and found out you can't use a custom thumbnail
directly from PC but you allegedly could use a custom thumbnail if you use the YouTube mobile app.  Then I
email myself the image to my phone and have the thumbnail on my phone.  I open up the YouTube mobile app
and finally see the pencil icon and after clicking it realize that I STILL CANNOT upload a custom short and
that it only lets me drag through the video to a different timestamp rather than allowing me to use the thumb
that I created for it!  Mind you I spent over an hour alone on the thumbnail!  Why the hell does YT make this
entire process a complete headache?  It's mind blowing that we can't just use a custom thumbnail without
all the bullshit!
  11. @phantomslayerxxl: This is so stupid you need a phone and you can’t upload a photo 😂
  12. @일부공개자료실: This is not custom thumnail
Its using frame from video instead to upload custom thumnail file
  13. @FolkTimePh: 🔥🔥🔥
  14. @TRUTH.SERUM.101.PROTOCAL: BUT WHAT IF YOU DONT USE YOUR PHONE FOR VIDEOS?
  15. @Asianna_Tv: Thank you so much for the tips ,it helps
  16. @CanadarOligoli: “Once you uploaded YouTube short you are unable to choose thumbnail afterwards “- the thing is in my shorts first I uploaded some videos without thumbnail then I realized to do so. So I edited the shorts and was able to make thumbnail and uploaded it again🤔
  17. @glego664: 0:43 how many views or subscribers I need to have in my channel, to have this EDIT button appearing ?
  18. @FameFortune-TV: Thnak you! This channel always gives concise and reliable info. Straight to the point. 😊☕
  19. @ChurchWithAnnMYeager: Is this still current 2025?
  20. @little-laughlab: Still not available

- The Right Way to Upload YouTube Shorts (Grow FAST in 2026!): Kind: captions Language: en When you get 0 views or a few hundred views,&nbsp; you think the problem is in my short video. But&nbsp;&nbsp; actually it's not. Because you upload shorts the&nbsp; wrong way, Youtube doesn't send your shorts to the&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts feed. So in this video, I will cover some&nbsp; crucial topic like, right way to upload shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; where I will upload shorts- mobile or PC, which&nbsp; hashtag I will use, should I write description,&nbsp;&nbsp; should I blank tag section, perfect time&nbsp; for uploading shorts. So let's start. &nbsp; You can upload short from YouTube app, Chrome&nbsp; browser and Yt studio. But when you upload from&nbsp;&nbsp; Chrome browser in desktop mode, then you can't&nbsp; choose custom thumbnail and can't add trending&nbsp;&nbsp; song. So I will not upload from any browser or&nbsp; from desktop. I will use YouTube mobile app and&nbsp;&nbsp; Yt studio to upload shorts. What you do here,&nbsp; you just press the plus button and upload your&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts. But that's the big mistake you are making.&nbsp; Please don't do it. Before uploading any shorts,&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the Play Store and check the YouTube&nbsp; app and the Yt studio both. If you see any&nbsp;&nbsp; update available, then you must update it&nbsp; before uploading, and it's crucial. Check it&nbsp;&nbsp; every time before uploading your shorts. Now go to the YouTube app and press plus. And&nbsp;&nbsp; click on add. Here, select the video that you want&nbsp; to upload. Now it will process for some time. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; click on Done. On the right side, you will see a&nbsp; few options. But right now I will not use it. Now&nbsp;&nbsp; I am gonna add sound to the shorts. Here, I will&nbsp; add a viral song, cause YouTube promotes those&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts that have viral song. Now I will click&nbsp; on the adjust button. Here, by default, your&nbsp;&nbsp; audio will be disabled. But you can adjust your&nbsp; audio as you want. Now click on the right sign.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now click on the next button. Now, I will add my&nbsp; custom thumbnail. At the left side top corner,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can see a pencil button. Click on it. Have you noticed that most YouTubers use the&nbsp;&nbsp; most eye-catching moment from their Shorts as the&nbsp; thumbnail? That’s because an attractive thumbnail&nbsp;&nbsp; grabs attention and increases clicks. But what if your video doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; have a standout moment? No worries — you can still&nbsp;&nbsp; create a compelling thumbnail. Just add a catchy&nbsp; image or visual at the end of your Shorts video,&nbsp;&nbsp; and make it super brief — around 0.3&nbsp; seconds. When you upload the Short,&nbsp;&nbsp; simply select that frame as your thumbnail. It’s a simple trick that can make a big difference&nbsp;&nbsp; in grabbing viewers' attention! When it comes to writing titles for&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube Shorts, keeping them short&nbsp; and catchy is key. Here’s a simple&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy to help boost your click-through rate: Always begin your title with two strong, relevant&nbsp;&nbsp; keywords. For example, if your video is about a&nbsp; new iPhone 16 feature, a great title would be: IPHONE 16 Hidden Feature. Why? Because when viewers scroll&nbsp;&nbsp; through YouTube, they often only notice&nbsp; the first two words of a Shorts title.&nbsp;&nbsp; If those words are relevant and eye-catching,&nbsp; viewers are much more likely to click. There is a pro tips. Write those&nbsp; first two keywords in ALL capital&nbsp;&nbsp; letters to grab attention even faster. Using an emoji at the end of your title can&nbsp;&nbsp; help your video stand out visually — just make&nbsp; sure it's related to your content. For example: GARDEN HACK That Works.&nbsp; Now, it's time to add a hashtag to&nbsp; your title. Use only hashtag shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; in your title. It is recommended for both&nbsp; longer and shorter shorts. And don't use&nbsp;&nbsp; any other hashtag. Sometimes, if you use more&nbsp; hashtags, YouTube detects them as spam. Now when you finish writing your title, don't&nbsp; publish it. In visibility option keep it unlisted.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then click on the upload shorts button. You might think, “Nobody reads the description of&nbsp;&nbsp; a Shorts video, so I can just leave&nbsp; it blank.” But that’s a mistake. Even if viewers rarely read it,&nbsp; the YouTube algorithm does — and&nbsp;&nbsp; a well-written description plays a big&nbsp; role in SEO (Search Engine Optimization). You might notice that when you&nbsp; search for any topic on YouTube,&nbsp;&nbsp; shorts appear first. Because its SEO is perfect.&nbsp; And those types of videos get long time views. When your upload is done then go to yt studio&nbsp; app. There you will see your unlisted shorts&nbsp;&nbsp; video first. Click on it. At the top, click on&nbsp; the pencil button. Click on add description. Begin your description with a concise sentence&nbsp; that summarizes the content of your Short. For&nbsp;&nbsp; example, Unlock the secret feature in iPhone&nbsp; 16 that enhances your user experience. After that, you have to add 5 to 6 keywords&nbsp; in your description. Go to Vidiq and search&nbsp;&nbsp; for your video topic. It will give you&nbsp; relevant keywords. Another way to find&nbsp;&nbsp; keywords is to search your video topic&nbsp; on YouTube. YouTube will show you more&nbsp;&nbsp; relevant keywords. Just copy them and paste.&nbsp; And yes, use a comma after every keyword. After that, use hashtag. Remember to&nbsp; use only 4 to 5 hashtags. Your first&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 hashtags should be hashtag shorts and&nbsp; hashtag viralshorts. After that, use 2 or&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 hashtags according to your video topic. After that at the bottom click on more options.&nbsp;&nbsp; Click on add tags. As tags play minimal rule for&nbsp; shorts, so here 2 recommended tags is shorts and&nbsp;&nbsp; viral shorts. After that you can add few tags&nbsp; about your video topic. You can also add your&nbsp;&nbsp; channel niche. And don't forget to add your&nbsp; channel name in tag section. In Category,&nbsp;&nbsp; select it according to your video. There is a&nbsp; option for show how many viewers like on that&nbsp;&nbsp; video. You know lots of people swap shorts when&nbsp; they see lower likes. So uncheck the box and it&nbsp;&nbsp; will hide your like count from viewers. In shorts remixing option, select allow&nbsp;&nbsp; video and audio remixing. Because if your&nbsp; video or voice go viral, it will give you&nbsp;&nbsp; benefit. Now our final step, go to visibility&nbsp; and select public and then click on save. Last question, best time for uploading&nbsp; shorts. Some studies suggest that uploading&nbsp;&nbsp; Shorts at unconventional hours,&nbsp; like 1 AM, can yield higher views,&nbsp;&nbsp; possibly due to reduced competition and global&nbsp; audience reach. Friday evening through Sunday&nbsp;&nbsp; afternoon is usually the sweet spot — people are&nbsp; more likely to scroll for fun during that time. If you have any question comment me. By the&nbsp; way if you get 0 views in shorts then watch&nbsp;&nbsp; this video, that already helps a lots of&nbsp; people. Subscribe and like the video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ytbiceps [329 likes]: 👉 Download My BMI App : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.roya100dev.bmi_calculator_2&pcampaignid=web_share
  2. @PixelMoon-v9p [2 likes]: 23 yesterday. 53 today. 📈
  3. @BlueOrbit-Planetary [2 likes]: Small creators ASSEMBLE!!!! 

Let's work together and lead the way! 🎉🎉🎉
  4. @NeverAswered [1 likes]: If I've already uploaded a video as "public" and not directly as "unlisted," then will nothing change if after months I make the video as "unlisted" and then change it back to public?
  5. @NeverAswered [1 likes]: Small Creators 👇🥀
  6. @SiddVinodVLog [1 likes]: Thank you bhai for 4.6K Subscribers 😊
  7. @HorizonHostel: Lets go
  8. @SnakeFilesNashik: support needed here!!! Thanks
  9. @P1DaGhost: 🙋🏽‍♂️
  10. @Wanzhterr: Great help! 😊
  11. @AyoWeezytv: To all my fellow small creators I wish you all success 2026🔥❤
  12. @BertaGoran: 💪💪💪💪💪💪
  13. @Muslam786Islam: Plz reply Kch b google Yh social media sy uta kr vedios wagera tiktok wagera sy ly kr hum YouTube pr upload kr sktay hain na ab har banday sy ijazat tu ni ly sktay un logo may download ka option khud dea huva ha 
Fan base b yu channel hoty hain
  14. @DjOmeir: ✋
  15. @arrozymas: Thank you so much for your video☺️ I’m a new creator too. I read a lot of comments and so encouraged by you guys posts ❤❤❤❤ don’t give up right?!!! My cats are supporting me too! lol
  16. @ObzervFeed: The goblin tax has been collected
  17. @Mrclip_1-v4b: Okay
  18. @emzyyolag: Hello
  19. @pap_rebel0: Thonks for 1 subscribe @pap_ rebel0
  20. @SiddVinodVLog: Thank you for 4.6K Subscribers 😊

- How to Add Custom Thumbnails on YouTube Shorts (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people think that thumbnails only matter for long- form content, but that couldn't be further from the truth. This one short of mine generated over 85 million views, and over 82% of those views came from browse features with less than 10% coming from the shorts feed. This means that the short went viral because of its thumbnail, from people clicking on it on the YouTube home screen. So, in this video, I'm going to be showing you exactly how to create a custom YouTube Shorts thumbnail that will maximize your chances of going viral. and I'll show you exactly how to add custom thumbnails for shorts when posting or even after posting. Now, with shorts, at the moment, your thumbnail has to be a frame from within your short. YouTube will automatically pick one by default, but on mobile, you can choose the frame yourself. So, there are two main types of YouTube Shorts thumbnails, native and custom. Native thumbnails are when you pick an engaging frame that already exists within your short. Custom thumbnails are where you specifically design a thumbnail and add it as the last one or two frames within your short and then you select that as your thumbnail when you're posting. That way it's not too noticeable to viewers when they're watching your short, but you can still choose it as your thumbnail. If we take a look at this shorts channel, we can see that their most viral shorts have these custom thumbnails where the background is blurred. There might be a little bit of color correction and then there is red text on the screen saying disaster or some other word like karma or nightmare or cooked. So, it's very clear based on this channel and based on my own experience with my 85 million view short that thumbnails can sometimes actually be the determining factor in going viral. Custom thumbnails are something that very few creators actually utilize. So, by doing this, you can have quite the advantage and start having your shorts go viral from browse features. So, I have this short right here that I generated with so 2, but what we want to do is find the most engaging frame of our thumbnail. Obviously, this one doesn't have too much variety, but you want to go through your short and find the most visually engaging frame. All right, so I'm going to remove the captions real quick. And then I'm going to take a screenshot of this frame right here. Next, you want to find a channel that has a thumbnail style that you like and you want to save a few of their thumbnails. And once you've done that, you can go over to Google AI Studio and use Nano Banana to generate images. So firstly, we can drag in our example thumbnails and say something like analyze these thumbnails. I'm going to want you to recreate their style with an image I will send you. And then we can drag in our image and say, make this screenshot look like one of their thumbnails. Sharpen the subject and blur out the background. Add text above him saying guilty question mark with the same red text as the examples 9x6 aspect ratio. And there we go. We can download this image. We can come back over here to our editing timeline, drag in our image, and what we want to do is add it to the very end of our short, make it fit the frame a little bit better, bring it down like that. And by doing that, we've cut out the little watermark in the corner, and we make it so the text up here is more likely to be visible. We can also add some effects like enhance the quality. And we could edit the thumbnail further in Cap Cut if we wanted to, but we want to make this only one or two frames max. So, as really as short as we can. All right. So, I've made it just two frames right here. Real quick, before we export, I'm just going to increase the saturation a little bit just so that way it stands out and pops quite a bit more. I highly recommend you adjust it further than what Nano Banana does, but then we can export it when we're done. And now, here I am on my phone. So, ideally, we do want to post on mobile. We can actually post on desktop if we want to and then change the thumbnail afterwards on our phone, but for the sake of this tutorial, I'm going to be doing it on my phone. But if we come down here to the plus icon, we want to come to the shorts tab at the bottom and click add in the corner. Click on that short. Next, done. We could add sound at the top if we wanted to, but we're just going to hit next. We're going to click that image in the top left corner. And now we can choose our thumbnail frame. So even if you're doing a native thumbnail, you still want to come for every short that you post and just choose the most engaging frame as possible to maximize the chances that it will end up on browse features. But in this case, we want to come to the very end of the short. And there we have our custom thumbnail. We can click the check mark. We can name it something short. And let's make it public and post it. And there we go. Our short has now been posted with that custom thumbnail. Now, let's say that you post a short on desktop and then you want to go and change the thumbnail. You still have the option to do that. You can just pull your phone out on the YouTube app, click the three dots in the corner of the short, click edit, and we can go and change the thumbnail. So, let's just choose this as the frame and click save. And there we go. Now, that's the thumbnail. So, you have the freedom to change it afterwards as well. But that is how to create and add custom thumbnails for YouTube shorts. Right now, you can only choose a thumbnail frame from the mobile app. Hopefully, YouTube adds a feature to do it on desktop soon. As soon as that happens, I'll make a tutorial for that as well. But make sure to subscribe for more content like this and check out the shorts blueprint I made for you linked down below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TuggoTAM [21 likes]: bro the pencil Icon is not there for me?
  2. @alchrix [4 likes]: JOIN SHORTS SKOOL ➜ https://www.skool.com/shorts
  3. @vexxedbunnyvt [2 likes]: I'm so lost, Ive tried following all of these but the edit icon over the thumbnail never shows. According to YT I should be able to but idk what's going on...
  4. @DailyJkulture [1 likes]: Thank you For this, Much appreciated.
  5. @CynthePen [1 likes]: You've solved the riddle of how to add a custom thumbnail to a short NOW! Thanks!
  6. @mrsmayanqueen: how come I don't have that plus sign on my phone?
  7. @SaaSMaster: This really sucks! YT is taking to long to improve this
  8. @JoyofGardeningInCanada: I tried to do this font shorts, it didnt work at all.
  9. @GengarHyveVods: I really dont understand Youtube in this, why can't we just upload a custom thumbnail >.<
  10. @Kiporino: I am youtubing since 2017, and its first time gonna upload short, what a nonsense
  11. @martRT72: Thanks mate. very helpful!
  12. @Polyjester-3: I don’t have the option to uploads shorts though? When I upload a video it just becomes a short.
  13. @JustGrind-n1f: Ty
  14. @Motjeplayzz: Control🎉
  15. @HappyEnglishInBurmeseMM: Thank you
  16. @Odds_Ends-xo: Thanks, this video is a gem 💎
  17. @tooleko: good vid 👍🏼
  18. @ChibiMindSpark: Thank you
  19. @FitBhasandis: Thanks Bro...
  20. @pu_razor: 10M🎉

- How To Upload Shorts So That They Go Viral In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Yo, what's up, boys? Today I'm going to walk you through how I personally upload my YouTube Shorts videos to go viral in 2026. Just so you know, I'm not yapping some This is from somebody who personally runs six monetized faceless YouTube Shorts channels that have over hundreds of thousands of subscribers in total, although subscribers are kind of a meaningless metric, but these channels bring me in thousands of dollars every month. Now, obviously, Shorts are pretty volatile, but to be completely transparent with you guys, my low months kind of hover around $7,000-ish USD, and my high months have exceeded over 10K. So, I think I do know what the hell I'm talking about. It's my full-time income, and I'm going to make this super easy for you guys, so you don't make any stupid mistakes when you're uploading. So, how this video's going to work is I'm going to walk you through my exact upload process every time I upload a Short, and then after that, I'll answer some common questions you guys have about uploading. Everyone wants to overcomplicate this, but in reality, it is extremely simple. And also, disclaimer, before I start anything, if your content sucks, it doesn't matter how you post, it's not going to go viral. So, if your video is flopping every single time, it's more likely that your content quality sucks. Your video quality is not good. Now, with that being said, let's get into it. So, the first thing I'm going to show you is pretty much a demo of how I upload videos on YouTube. So, let's say we have our fire piece of content here, absolutely cooking, and now we just need to upload it. So, as for the title, we're not going to overcomplicate this. The way I like to do things is very simple, but I just want it to be clean. Every single title I do, I always capitalize the first letter. Again, this is just sort of like stuff to make it look clean. At the end of the day, does this really matter? Does this really change anything? Does it really move the needle? Probably not. But do I want my channel to look clean and be appealing to people? Yes. The way I like to do things is I capitalize the first letter of every word, and then I add an emoji that fits with it. So, if it's a ranking video, ranking the most unexpected fails, face palm emoji. If it's a fitness commentary video and I'm talking about somebody's crazy back transformation, his back transformation is insane, flex emoji. We're not going to be overcomplicating this. I usually like to add an emoji at the end just cuz I think it looks kind of cool. But obviously, one thing you shouldn't do here is you shouldn't expose the payoff, you shouldn't spoil the video. If your video payoff is somebody getting slapped, and the viewer doesn't know that it's start of the video, maybe don't make the title he got slapped, okay? Because then they know what happens during the video, and you spoiled the entire thing. For Shorts, the description literally does not matter. This is just because I'm on my long-form channel right now, the channel that you guys are watching. Literally do not matter. I don't add a description to any of my videos on Shorts. Playlist, you could make a playlist of all your Shorts, and just add every video to that, but ultimately, it doesn't really matter. No, most of your viewers are going to be coming from the Shorts feed. Is this video made for kids? This is a big one. I want you guys to select no, it's not made for kids. Always no. Always no. Always no. Never select yes, it's made for kids. There's pretty much nobody watching this video who makes content solely for children. Even if you're making brain rot Shorts, you select no, it's not made for kids, because that's not the only audience that watches your video. Age restriction, do not restrict your video to viewers over 18. You shouldn't be posting anything that gets this checked automatically. You shouldn't be posting anything, to be completely honest, that you would ever need to check this for YouTube Shorts. So, ideally, no every single time. Paid promotion, brands, these are not important. Altered content, this is important. If you're making AI videos that have background footage, press yes. If you're making AI videos that are taking a character like Ronaldo and making them speak and pretending it's them, press yes. As per YouTube's policy, you're required to tell us if your content is altered or synthetic and seems real. This includes realistic sounds or visuals made with AI or other tools. So, if you're generating a ton of sound effects with 11 Labs, also select altered content. Will that really matter in the long scheme of things? Sound effects, not so much, but if you're generating footage that seems kind of realistic, even if it's background footage, and you're not disclosing that it's altered content, YouTube does not like that. It doesn't change anything about your content, so just hit yes if it applies, and no if it doesn't. For me, all of my content is no. These are whatever. Tags, again, not important for Shorts. These are things that really don't matter at all, to be honest with you. Some people say you need tags, you need tags in your description. This is just total crap. Category, again, does not matter. If you selected music by accident, it doesn't mean that your video about Legos is going to get put in the same category as music videos, okay? It does not matter. If it's forcing you to select one, just choose one that seems pretty accurate, but other than that, it doesn't really matter, especially for short-form content. For a related video, you can add another Short that you made, especially if it's in the same kind of niche or a similar type video. Some people will click it, most people won't, but it can help you get a few extra views. In terms of how to publish, whether you're publishing private, unlisted, or public, if you're publishing right now, hit public. That will instantly make your video go live and ideally push it instantly to the Shorts feed. If you want to make the video public later, but you want to publish it now, so that way you can just select public from your phone and have it go live, you can select unlisted. That's what I personally like to do. I don't like to schedule Shorts. I'm pretty sure I'll be talking about that later on in the video. Few more things, thumbnails on YouTube Shorts. Notice how there's no option here to change the thumbnail of my YouTube Short. You can do this from the YouTube app on your phone. I like to do that, but the issue is that the YouTube app sometimes caps your uploads at 30 FPS. Doesn't happen for everybody, but I have noticed it with others, and more importantly, with me. So, I don't actually use the YouTube app on my phone to upload videos. So, what do I use to upload? I use the YouTube Studio app on my phone. This uploads everything in 60 FPS, and then once I upload that video, I'll go into the YouTube app on my phone, and I'll be able to change the thumbnail, so that way I can have 60 FPS and a good thumbnail for my Shorts. That's how I do it personally. Some people like to upload from their PC and then go on their phone and change the thumbnail. Some people say, "Oh, upload on YouTube PC, because it'll tell you if the music is copyrighted or something." Okay, again, all this stuff is BS, because if you're uploading under 60-second Shorts, you can use whatever music you want. And real quick, guys, if you're struggling with this and you want some help monetizing or scaling your YouTube Shorts channels, I do one-on-one coaching to help people with exactly this type of stuff, analyzing their videos, their niche, giving them real feedback, and helping them actually print money with YouTube. It's real one-on-one time with me personally and personalized advice for your channel. I just launched a few weeks ago, but the results are already pretty crazy, I'm not going to lie. I got one guy monetized, shout out my boy Morris. His first day of being monetized, he just made $150, which is amazing. Also, Nurik just hit 18 million total views, which is about 10 million engaged views, so he's going to get monetized in just about 5 days here, cuz there's a slight lag in YouTube Studio. And I'm helping a bunch of people literally speedrun YouTube Shorts monetization, which is honestly sick to see. It makes me super happy. I'm also helping some people scale their channels as well, who are already monetized. So, whether you're new and you want to monetize a channel, or you're already monetized and you just want to scale, I can definitely help you out. Click the first link in the description to apply to work with me if that's something that you're interested in, and let's get back to the video. All right, now I want to answer some common questions I get. Number one, does the posting device matter? So, as I touched on a little bit ago, I prefer to post from the YouTube Studio app. That's just me personally, for all the reasons I mentioned before, thumbnails and 60 FPS. And that's what I found to be the best method for me, but I also mentioned this in a previous video, which you should definitely check out, dude, which is that if your videos seem to be in zero view jail, you should definitely experiment with posting on different devices, because I've seen that help a few people. Other than that, you can post wherever you want, phone, PC, YouTube Studio, it doesn't really matter. Number two, should we schedule out Shorts if we want to upload in advance? Now, I personally found that I get worse results when I schedule out Shorts. This is totally personalized, although a lot of people in my community have reached out to me and said, "Max, you're the goat. Can you be the godfather of my children, please? Can I name my firstborn after you?" Oh, yeah, and they also mentioned that they get more of a push, too, when they don't schedule out their Shorts. I've personally also encountered zero view jail here before when I've tried to schedule out my Shorts in the past. It doesn't happen every single time to me, but like I said earlier, what I do if I want to schedule out my Shorts in advance is I'll upload it as unlisted, and then say I want to upload it at 5:00 p.m., I'll just go on my YouTube Studio app on my phone at 5:00 p.m., change it from unlisted to public, and boom, it'll instantly get pushed. That's what I prefer. Next one is, do hashtags matter? I'll be totally straight with you guys, there is only one situation where hashtags actually matter, and that's if they are the viral hashtags. These were more of a thing last year. I made a video on it right here, 7 months ago, so you can check it out if you're confused, but basically, you had these channels spamming hashtags in the title, and that's it, they wouldn't use anything else in the title, just the hashtag, and they'd post total slop and get views. But as far as I understand, guys, this really isn't around anymore. The cheat code is gone. Also, I've heard people say use tags like viral or #USA. All this stuff is just total cap, guys, I'm not going to lie. Nobody is looking at hashtags to find Shorts, anyways. Brother, I'll give you $1 if you've ever done this. Have you ever looked up a tag, gone to the Shorts button in that tag, and watched the videos here? No, you have not done that. Nobody has done that. You act like a normal person, and you go to the Shorts feed, brother. That's how people watch Shorts. There would be some truth to it if every single person was using #viral. Moreover, there's no hashtag that's going to put you to a more US audience, okay? If you're speaking Mandarin in your content, and then you're going to add #USA, you think that's going to mean that you get a western audience now? No, your audience demographic is not influenced by what hashtags you use. In fact, I think probably more people who use #USA are probably from outside of the USA. So, literally, you might get a worse audience demographic by doing this. That's just a theory I have, though, but at the end of the day, how are we going to get a higher RPM audience? How are we going to get a more western audience? Well, a higher RPM US audience comes from English commentary, English trends, references to American figures, American politics, etc. And of course, an older audience. Another common question I get is, does the posting time matter? You see, VidIQ, this extension right here is telling me the peak time is 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. This question usually comes in two variations. Number one, does posting in a USA time zone give me a higher USA audience? And number two, in my audience tab, it says my viewers are more active on YouTube during these times, for example, on my channel, so I should have to post during this time period. The answer to number one, it doesn't really matter. I've had videos that are posted at 2:00 a.m. I'm in the USA, and they still get majority US audience, because like I said earlier, your audience is determined from what kind of content you're posting, what you're referencing, etc. It's not from necessarily when you're posting. The only truth to it sometimes is that sometimes you might get a faster push if you post when all of your viewers are online. Say, for example, on this channel, it says a lot of my viewers are on, um, around 11:00 to 12:00 a.m. Does that mean if I post at 9:00 p.m., that means that nobody's going to see my video? No, it just might take a few extra days to get my video pushed out. So, say, for example, with Shorts, if we're taking the 30K view range, let's say, for example, you post in a dead time zone, it takes 24 hours to get 30K views, but then it dies. Or you could post at 1:00 p.m. when all your viewers are active, you get 30k views in 30 minutes, and then your video dies. Either way, you're still getting 30k views and your video's dying. Same exact result. And there's weird push patterns with YouTube. Sometimes a video takes multiple days to get pushed out. Sometimes it gets pushed out in 15 minutes. Okay? So, I wouldn't put emphasis on either one of these things. So, that's exactly all of the sauce for how I personally upload YouTube Shorts in 2026. Like always, I don't gatekeep anything. So, drop a like and subscribe if the video helped you out. Also, I just noticed only 10% of you guys got all notifications on my channel, man. Smash that notification button, bro. We got to pump these numbers up. Let me know what other video topics you guys want me to cover. Now, if you've been posting Shorts for a while and you just haven't been getting the views you want or you're unsure of what's going wrong, so you can finally get monetized. If you're monetized but want to scale so that you can make YouTube Shorts your full-time income, click the link down below and apply to work with me. I have so much experience not only scaling my personal channels, but also helping other people scale their channels and monetize their channels. And honestly, from my heart, it genuinely gives me a lot of satisfaction to see my students winning and succeeding, and I really put my all into them. So, if you're serious about YouTube Shorts and you want personalized guidance so you can grow faster, click the first link in the description and apply to work with your boy. With that being said, I hope this video helps some of you guys out, and peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneyboymaxx [11 likes]: Ready to scale your YT Channel and hit $10K/mo with YT Shorts Automation? Apply for 1:1 mentorship here: https://go.shortsmaxxing.com/d4397348

Watch this next: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgOW48FAy34  

My IG: https://www.instagram.com/realmoneyboymax/

My SAAS Waitlist 🧑‍💻 https://tinyurl.com/vidswaitlist

JOIN My Free Discord Community ➡  https://discord.com/invite/JvjdJEb2pP
  2. @EarthInAMinuteOfficial [1 likes]: Quick Questions..

How do you know a Video / Niche is good enough to go viral ?

Does any of this matter and what's consider good for these ? 
** Analytics
** Stayed to Watched %
** Engagement (Likes / Comments )
** Consistent daily posting
  3. @Random_Clips_Central23: LET ME GO VIRAL!!!
  4. @ujjwalkumar8829: What category should I put for construction timelapse niche for youtube shorts
  5. @Real-bed: 2 years 2 and only 397 subs 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
  6. @Real-bed: does 10k- 1.9k-2k-10k count ads good content
  7. @EIDOZ: Let’s go
  8. @PatrolPaul: keep on keepin on my dudes
  9. @EpicRiseChronicle: To everyone reading this, i hope u gonna make the Monetization, don't give up✊🏻💪🏻
  10. @DayiXGaming: One day
  11. @rankingzone_09: thanks broo
  12. @RobloxFunZone-k9m: lets go guys
  13. @DrBuddhaKickz: Just keep staying consistent and keep posting while trying to increase and improve post by post
  14. @Jay_Walkerlll: 1:09 1:10 1:11 1:11 1:11 1:12 1:13 1:13 1:14 1:14 1:15 1:16 1:16 1:16
  15. @TheAmazingRanks: thanks for the tips dude
  16. @PerfectHomeHacks: We can do it guys!!!!
  17. @TurningShift: Small creators - new here 🎉 we got this!
  18. @litolmamba: May my upload now get the highest views this time😭🙏🏻🥹
  19. @bobzzzshort: W manz
  20. @TimeMCraft: I wanna go viral

- How To Make YouTube Shorts Hooks That Go Viral Every Time: Kind: captions Language: en Your hooks are garbage. And I'm not saying that to be mean. I'm saying that because if you're watching a video about hooks, you probably already know that something is seriously wrong. But you're in exactly the right place right now. Today, I want to talk about five different types of hooks that are really driving views on YouTube shorts. But before we talk about that, why does it even matter? Because a lot of you guys are out here grinding out the editing, grinding out the niche research, grinding out the clip sourcing, and thinking that you're doing everything right. And then you just throw away a hook like it's an afterthought. But for a lot of you guys, that might be where your video is falling apart. Because the reality is that Microsoft literally did a study and found out that the average human attention span is about 8 seconds now. Which means that you likely literally have the attention span of a goldfish, if not shorter than a goldfish. And it's gotten worse throughout the years. Another researcher studied this for 20 years and found that by 2020, most people couldn't focus on a single screen for more than 47 seconds. And of course, we can only assume it's gotten way worse than that. Now, you might think, "Oh, 47 seconds is such a long period of time for short form content." Except for the fact that shorts and short form content literally get judged harsher by the viewer. You have 1 to 3 seconds to really get your impression across of whatever you're talking about in the short form video before somebody swipes away. And this environment where nobody can pay attention is exactly where your video is being dropped into. This is what you're up against every single time you post. I say all that to say, if the hook isn't really compelling the viewer in the first two seconds, it doesn't matter how good the rest of your video is because nobody will watch it. And to show you guys how important this is above everything else, I want to show you guys these two videos. They're in the same niche and they have the exact same original clip, but they have one sentence that is the entire difference. [music] >> And this is the second video. This shows how fast you need to be in order to get the perfect picture at the famous Shabuya crosswalk in Japan. >> And the second video here got 121 million views. But at the end of the day, the most this video would have ever performed is probably 30k view jail. And that's being generous. So there's an extreme gap between a couple thousand views and 120 million views, obviously. So that gap is what we're going to be talking about today. The difference between a great hook and a dead one. So, in this video, I'm going to be breaking down five hook types driving the most views in short form content right now, specifically for faceless content. The psychology behind each of these hooks and a formula that you can actually use. And there's a sixth one at the end that almost nobody uses. It's kind of a cheat code, but only if you understand the one rule that makes it actually work. Because if you don't, you'll completely butcher it and not understand why. So, don't skip ahead like I know some of you slimy little rats will want to. Hook type one, the pattern interruption. Okay, so this is one of the most powerful hooks that if done right, almost anybody can utilize perfectly. And once I explain it, you're going to get a little bit annoyed at yourself for not noticing this everywhere before. Do you guys remember this video by Ashton Hall about his morning routine? There's this huge guy completely dead silent. It's doing like these weird just totally bizarre things. Zero explanation, but it's just all ridiculous stuff. This format collectively for this guy got him billions of views and it's a perfect example of what I'm talking about. You didn't choose to watch this video. Nobody chose to watch this video. Trust me, you just got plopped in here and this guy's soaking his face in water. Okay? Before your brain even caught up to what was going on in the video, you were like halfway through it. So, here's what's happening. Here's the psychology behind this hook. Your viewer, the person who will watch your content, has probably been doom scrolling for like 45 minutes, even before they stumbled across your video, and everything is blurring together. And then suddenly, randomly, something pops up that doesn't match anything around it. This can happen in a ton of ways. Some freaky, crazy visual, which sort of happened with this video, or something more subtle. Say, for example, you're scrolling through shorts and all [music] you're being inundated with is just tons of sounds and sound effects, but you come across a video and it's like completely quiet almost for the first 2 seconds. It's very quiet. I mean, just listen to this video. There really isn't that much going on at all. It's just him pouring ice into a bowl. So, your brain doesn't really consciously understand what's going on here. It just kind of locks in. It literally sees this huge jacked man and it just locks in automatically because things that don't fit the pattern get the attention first. If you walk into a room and there's a hundred people and they're all wearing black suits and there's one person who's wearing a glowing pink suit, where are your eyes going to go? Where's your attention going to go? That's the basic concept. So, how do we use this to our advantage? Well, the formula is pretty simple. Open with a visual hook or like an audio hook even that causes a second of genuine confusion. Like genuinely the viewer cannot understand it or they don't know what they're looking at. And what's important is that you don't explain it at all. Actually, you let the viewer kind of sit with it for a second. You let tension kind of build and then you're going to redirect into your topic. And the key word there is redirect. The confusion has to actually connect to whatever it is you're talking about. Most of the time, you can't just throw some random person on the screen and then switch to whatever. I don't know if you guys have ever seen this guy before. Great content really here. But if you just throw this guy on the screen for one and a half seconds, it causes genuine confusion. But then if you cut to like talking about refrigerators or real estate, nobody's going to stay for your video. So, it has to be something that connects to the viewer, connects to [music] the story. Otherwise, the viewer is just going to instantly swipe away and your analytics are going to look worse than before. So, don't do that if you don't want your retention graph to look like a cliff and then come into my Discord begging me for help. Don't do that. But when it's aligned, one of the highest scroll stopping rates ever. And you're going to see how you can actually take this and morph this into many other types of scripts. And the best hooks usually combine lots of the hook types that I'm going to explain in this video into one hook. Which leads us to hook type two, which is the call out. Now, this one I want you guys to pay attention to because if you remember, this is actually the hook that I used at the start of this video. I told you, I looked you in your eyes and I said, "Your hooks are garbage." Now, that's a call out hook. And I'm going to explain why it works so well and the psychology behind it. Now, let me show you why most people get this wrong because I see it constantly. A bad version of a callout hook would be something like most creators make mistakes with their hooks. But nobody's stopping their scroll for that because it doesn't sting. It doesn't have any emotion behind it and it's also pretty vague. It's talking about some vague mistake that the viewer may or may not be making. But a good version unironically would be something like if your last five videos have under 500 views, you're stupid. Okay, obviously don't be mean. Don't be rude. Okay, but the concept is the most important thing here. I know you guys feel the difference. In one, there's like some unspecified vague scenario, but in the other one, it's a specific situation. The creator who's stuck at a low view count. it points directly at them and it casts a specific doubt. And the trick here is that the moment the viewer asks, "Wait, are they talking about me? Are they calling out me?" That's when they're hooked. So that's why it can't be too vague because the viewer won't think that you're talking about them specifically. Now, this runs on two things. The first one being identity recognition. You said their exact situation out loud and their brain locked in because now it's something personal. For example, take that food out of your mouth, you slob. Okay, for 90% of people, maybe that comment meant nothing. But the 10% of people who are watching this while they're eating a snack or dinner, I bet you listened up for a second cuz I'm talking to you directly. Secondly, the curiosity gap. The viewer needs to know if they're making the mistake and what mistake it is. So, one of the most important things for this type of hook. Never say I. Always say you. You're talking about the viewer. You're calling out the viewer. Don't say I made this mistake. Nobody cares what mistake you make. I used to struggle with my hooks. That is putting the ball in the viewer's court. You're letting them decide if they resonate with your struggle. Some do, but most won't, and then they'll just end up swiping away. If you're struggling with your hooks, there's no gap to fall through. It's aimed directly at the viewer, and they know it. So, the formula is that you're going to point at a specific situation that the viewer is in. For example, a hook that would be a great exemplification of this would be, you've been eating this fruit your entire life, and you have no idea. You've scrolled in the shorts feed for quite a while. You should have heard something to this effect at some point. And that's what we're talking about here. So, it can be a call out with the viewer's problem or you've been doing this the wrong way your entire life. Something like that points to a specific problem and calls out the viewer. Then, you're going to imply that there's a reason that they haven't figured it out yet. But, you're not going to reveal the reason for at least like 15 seconds or maybe even until the last second of your short. This is going to be the most reliable hook for educational content, for scientific content. A lot of short channels that deal with scientific things have this sort of hook at the beginning. But the more accurately in the hook you talk specifically to your viewer and you call them out specifically, the longer they'll stay until the end to watch what the payoff actually is. It's that simple. But something easy like that is the part where most people mess up. So they see this, try to copy it, and then they wonder why it doesn't work for them. But real quick, guys, I want to mention I'm opening up a small mentorship program. If you're struggling with hooks, with script writing, with editing, niche research, whatever you need, if you just need me to personally look at your channel and help to guide you and give you personalized advice, click the first link in the description. There's a wait list for my mentorship program where I will be working with you and showing you guys my exact system that got me to around $10 to $15,000 every month with YouTube Shorts. The weight link will be in the description. Let's get back into it. Hook type three, the question hook. Off the bat, I'll tell you guys the most common mistake I see with this. Most people are asking questions that nobody actually cares about. Okay? Nobody thinks about these things and it does not keep people up at night. That's the problem. A question like, "Have you ever wondered how people become so successful? Nobody cares." Okay? I mean, people care, but nobody genuinely cares in a super interested way. Nobody's stopping their scroll for that. Compare it to something like, "Do [music] you know why Mr. Beast turned down $1 billion?" Okay, do you guys understand what just happened there? Well, there's actually three things that are happening at once here, but so much more of an interesting hook. Number one, off the bat, there's a ton of name recognition. Obviously, with Mr. Beast, you recognize the name instantly, so there's just instant context. The numbers so large that turning it down seems just genuinely insane. But that's cognitive friction because your brain just can't process that and move on. And then the viewer almost definitely doesn't know the answer. Unless there's some sort of Mr. B super fan, they're not going to know why he turned down a billion dollars. So them not knowing is going to make them slightly uncomfortable. So your brain wants to close that gap, to close that loop. And the only way to stop that is to keep watching. Now, a lot of people mess this up because they ask questions that nobody cares about or that won't go viral. Asking questions that are way too open. Why do some videos go viral? I mean, that has a billion answers. The viewer automatically populates like three or four answers in their head and fills in the blanks themselves and then they scroll away. So, you want a question where even the viewer's best guess feels kind of incomplete. So, the life hack for this one, the upgrade to this type of hook that I've found is to add something sort of contrarian, a contrarian hint or foreshadowing right after the question. So, take for example, if I say, "Do you know why the most jacked guys at the gym are always the weakest?" It's okay. But here's the upgrade. What if I said something like, "Do you know why the most jacked guys at the gym are always the weakest?" And it has nothing to do with steroids. Boom. the viewer actually the presupposition that they had of what you were going to talk about actually gets blocked. You pre-blocked that. You knew what was coming and you dodged it. So now they can't just guess and leave because you already said no, it's not that. It's not that. So the gap gets wider. So the formula for this one is going to be a specific answerable question that the viewer actually cares about. The answer that they had at first, their intuitive answer that should exist, but it should feel incomplete or completely blocked by what you say in the hook. And that's why a lot of people say stuff like, "And it's not what you think." or the real reason is actually shocking. They're just deepening that gap. And then, and this is important, you're going to want to close the loop. So, by the end of the video, make sure that you answer the question that you lead it back to the hook. If you never answer why the jack eye in the gym is actually the strongest, the engagement rates are going to plummet. People are going to watch the video, but they're not going to be happy. They're not going to be satisfied. And satisfaction isn't always happiness. That is correct with YouTube. A viewer can be satisfied if they watch your video all the way to the end and they're like tragically sad. they watch something very emotional. That's quote unquote satisfaction to YouTube. But if you're trolling people, that's basically clickbait. And you're not going to get as much likes. You're not going to get as many comments. And this is going to look horrible to YouTube. People are going to swipe away. And overall, it's just going to lead the viewer to be unsatisfied, and they're all just going to swipe away. Which leads us to hook type four, the comparison. This one's kind of hard to explain without a video, so I'm just going to play it for you guys. So, this is what it looks like. proof that huge muscles doesn't entirely equal strength because when >> and off the bat within the first one to two seconds it zooms out and you see a smaller guy although he is like a bodybuilder type guy with this huge towering UFC MMA fighter and your brain goes what's going on here? You're not choosing to be curious but your brain encountered two things that don't really make sense together and so it's trying to piece it together. It's trying to make it make sense. And then he says huge muscles don't actually equal real strength. Now in your mind you're thinking well big muscles do mean strength. [music] Obviously, that's common sense, but he just sort of pulled the rug out from under you. So, now you're thinking, "What?" So, the common belief that I held about big muscles are actually not true. Couple that with the visual of the comparison between these two people, and that's the comparison hook. The visual tension and the conceptual tension are happening at the same time, which is why, again, this is a format that consistently gets a lot of views. The viewer isn't just curious, they feel incomplete because they're not sure what's going on here. And by the way, that's a way stronger poll than just being curious about how bamboo or sugarcane is made. So the formula for this one is you're going to find two different things that don't necessarily belong together or when you compare them, they look a little bit strange together. Then you're going to let the visual tension sit for a second and then you're going to drop some contrarian claim. Maybe even a little bit of rage bait here and there just get people's bloods boiling a little bit. But make sure the contrast is actually real and the people are sort of mismatched. If the payoff is exaggerated or fake, again, we're leaving the viewer unsatisfied, and that's just not going to get the results that we want. And in the best case scenario, the reveal would actually be more surprising than what the hook set up. Now, one of the hardest things about this isn't just like understanding the theory, it's actually applying it yourself. You can watch this video, not along, really understand the conceptual aspects of what I'm talking about. But the hard part is sitting down with your own script that you made yourself and actually knowing whether your hook is working before you post it so that you don't have to find out the hard way with like 200 views. And that's honestly part of the reason why I've been building a software for the last few months called Vids.so. And I'm super excited to talk about this because one of the main features is a script analyzer as well as a script rewriter. So, when you paste your hook in, it's going to give you real feedback. It's going to flag where you're losing people, where you're losing tension in the script, suggest rewrites for you, or how you could word stuff better, and tells you what specifically is not working in your script. It's basically hook coaching on demand or pretty much script coaching on demand, too, because it works throughout the entire script, but whenever you need it, it's on demand instead of just posting blind and hoping for the best. Right now, it's on a wait list, but we're going to be launching in the next couple of months here, and it's going to have a lot more features than just that. So, if you're interested, enter your email in the wait list. The link is going to be in the description so you can get in as soon as I drop it. Now, let's get back into the video. Hook number five, the negative hook. So, every hook that we've talked about up until this point has been pulling the viewer towards something, whether it's a a question, a a revelation, a resolution, a payoff, something that they want. But what if we pushed them away from something that they're afraid of or something that they don't want to happen? And what if that worked better? This, in essence, is called the negative hook. And there's actually real psychology behind this because it's actually been proven that losing something hurts roughly twice as much as gaining the exact same thing feels good. So, when we're talking about hooks, a title like here's how to grow your small channel will perform less good than something like YouTube doesn't hate small channels. And here's the example video. YouTube doesn't [music] hate small channels. Take a look at this. >> Because a strong negative hook makes the viewer feel like they might already be on the wrong path and that the cost, what happens to them if they close this video will actually be real. It'll be not a punishment, I don't want to say, but there will be a real consequence for closing this video. So, the formula is that we're going to state a specific negative outcome and we're going to make it feel like it could happen sometime soon, not just something crazy in the future. Even something as simple as saying, "This could ruin your life if you don't do it correctly." It's playing off of a negative emotion instead of a positive one. And [music] that spikes people. That gets them interested. Think about what you see on the news all day. All the headlines. Are they going to talk about man rescues puppy? Probably not. They're going to talk about, you know, this woman got kidnapped and she's gone for weeks on end. That's what gets clicks. And you know, think about it like you're the news station, you're the entertainment station. What stops people from scrolling away? What actually gets clicks? Well, largely it's really not like a bunch of positive emotions. Okay, I'm just being honest. But you can take a positive subject and frame it in a way that plays on those fears or those negative emotions to get even better results. And you're going to want to imply that the viewer might be affected or they might already be affected. But you're going to position the video as you are telling them whether they are or not. But one warning, this does have a tolerance limit though. You know, if every single one of your videos starts with you're doing this wrong, don't do this. It could ruin your life. Your audience is going to get fatigued with it. They're going to stop believing it. It's sort of like the boy who cried wolf if you guys know that story. So, reserve negative hooks for when the warning is actually real. And they'll hit way harder because of the contrast. And finally, the sixth one, the anti-hook. And this is the one I said almost nobody is using. But really, almost nobody is using this correctly. So, it's sort of a cheat code. Everything I just taught you, pattern interruptions, call outs, questions, comparisons, negatives, all of it is built on the same core idea of creating a gap for the viewer. make the viewer feel like they're missing something, they're losing something, and then pull them forward into your video. But the anti-hook actually does none of that. It just starts. Zack D Films does this better than almost anybody. He's the clearest cut example. Everybody knows who he is, and there's no introduction and no context. Watch the start of this video, the first couple seconds here, the hook. >> Jumped out as his plane was hit by enemy fire. But as he parachuted to the ground, they kept shooting. >> Who is this man? Does anybody know? Can anybody tell me who this man is? Do they know who this man is or who is even shooting at him? Does anybody know? The answer is nobody knows. You have been thrown into the story without any context. But when we open midaction and it just says he jumped out of the plane and he's getting shot at, your brain immediately starts filling in the gaps. Well, is this some sort of war? Do I know the war? Is this World War II? Is this World War I? Who is this person? What's happening? Why does it matter? All of these valid questions is what goes through your viewer's subconscious. And that gap filling is attention. To understand this, you need to understand that if the viewer is spending time trying to fill in the gaps, trying to figure out what is this situation, what's going on, rather than thinking about if they want to swipe away from your video or not, you've already won. That's the most important step. If they're thinking about what is going on and they're confused or they just want context, they're trying to fill in the gaps themselves, that inherently means that they aren't thinking about if they should swipe away from your video or not. And that's why when these hooks are executed correctly, they have some of the highest retention rates, the highest swipe rates out of any of the hook types that I talked about today. There's no tension that needs to get paid off because the story is already rolling. But the rule that makes this all work, what brings this all together is that the first sentence, the hook, it has to be completely interesting by itself with the zero context that you're giving. And that's why this is an advanced move. If you just say this toaster was doing this, it's not compelling enough for people. Okay? So, the situation needs to call for the anti-hook. Something high stakes like this. He jumped out of a plane. He's getting shot at. As he's jumping out of the plane, that's that's a high stakes thing. People want to know the context. But if the video itself isn't that inherently interesting, if somebody's just eating some peanut butter, then it probably's not going to work too good. So, get the other five hook types down first, and then when you can create an opening line that's genuinely gripping with no context given at all, apply it. It will kind of feel like you cheated the system, like you broke the rules. And that's the whole point. And something important that I want to talk about with all these examples. They're not just one-offs, right? This isn't just an anti-hook, okay? Right here, this guy is jumping out of a plane and he's getting shot at. There's explosions. The planes falling. That's pattern interruption as well. It's even animated. So, it's again pattern interruption from just a regular clip that you might see in the real life or the AI slop that's in the shorts feed. All of that contributes to the pattern recognitions. And so, I say that to say the strongest hook types are not one where you just throw somebody in. He took his rabbit out of the cage. [music] Yeah, they can work. They can work. But the strongest hooks are the ones where you take multiple of these hook types that I've given you and you combine them. You mesh them together. And that is what gets real results. That's what gets the viewer from stopping to click away. So, here's what you should do right now. Find five to 10 viral shorts in your niche that have over 50,000 to 100,000 likes. Write down their opening first two sentences or even one sentence. Figure out what strategies they're using. If it's one of these six types, which ones they're combining? And then look at the specific words. Once you have that, you have the structure. Then look at the specific words. Are they combining emotion? What are they adding? How are they wording stuff? And that's how the pattern becomes instinctual. That's how the pattern becomes automatic. And that's how you make YouTube shorts hooks that go viral every single time. Now, if you watched this video and you thought you understood the concept, but you just couldn't figure out how to apply it, or you just need some help in your day-to-day shorts life because things just aren't clicking, that's not a talent problem. That's a system and feedback problem. And that is exactly what I'm going to help you fix in my mentorship. I work with you one-on-one for 6 months, 180 days. And in that time period, I'm going to diagnose what's going wrong with your shorts or channel overall, build your system, and I'm going to stick with you until you are making money from YouTube. So, the wait list is below in the description. It should be the first link. Click on that. Drop a comment if you're applying. And stay tuned because I got so much more planned for you guys. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneyboymaxx [5 likes]: Apply for 1:1 mentorship here: https://go.shortsmaxxing.com/ee8058dc

My SOFTWARE Waitlist 🧑‍💻 https://tinyurl.com/vidswaitlist

JOIN My Free Discord Community ➡ https://discord.gg/JvjdJEb2pP
  2. @BigBrainRantslol [1 likes]: Bro I fixed the biggest problem retention I get like 100% retention on like 5-7 shorts every month and otherwise my retention is always like around 80%… but HOOKS ARE THE O N L Y THING HOLDING ME BACK…😢
  3. @StudioSPL1 [1 likes]: bro stepped it up
  4. @NextGenAnimation3D [1 likes]: I am constantly building on my hooks and i hope i will get there some day. Anyway thanks for inspiring us everyday buddy❤
  5. @lissy217 [1 likes]: that's a great video
  6. @JustSomeBio: Thanks for the tips! That's something I am discovering rn and that's really helpful!
  7. @clipz.offical: 🎉good
  8. @mrentertainer21: Appreciate your help
  9. @Cinema_Central102: Thank you very much... this is where I am struggling and I will apply them all step by step and improve incrementally
  10. @kenonerboy: Remember when he was an "anti-guru"? Good times..
  11. @Fit-shortss: Niceee
  12. @AllfatherRavenGod: I have spent eons studying the ancient runes, yet this 'Algorithm' is a beast more terrifying than Fenrir. I offered it a goat; it gave me 3 views. I offered it my dignity; it gave me a copyright strike. Stay strong, fellow warriors of the Shieldwall! Our glory shall be told in the halls of the Partner Program!
  13. @orelezigraphics: hello any email for inquiries?
  14. @Low_quality_entertaintment: subs plss😢
  15. @w_spr: The edits are distracting ngl
  16. @SneakDelete: this video is really well edited for this channel; did you get an editor?
  17. @Ngerangkum: Nice Video
  18. @ToonspiracyTheory: love your videos brother
  19. @Elatls: amazing video as always!
  20. @SPACE_ECLIPSE1: Guys what do I think of uploading raw  movie clips to gain traction and then upload movie  recap shorts before applying for Monitization 

I would appreciate feedback or tip

- How To Go VIRAL on YouTube Shorts EVERY TIME You Upload in 2026 (new algorithm change): Kind: captions Language: en I just helped this creator, this creator, and this creator go viral on YouTube. And all you need to do is make the changes I'm going to share with you in this video. And the same exact thing can happen to you because right now, you need to change how your account set up, the time that you're posting, and three other things I'm going to share with you towards the end of this video. And I will warn you, if you skip any of these things, it's going to destroy the growth and the views that you're getting right now on YouTube Shorts. But if you simply make these changes, it's easier than ever before to go viral. doesn't matter what kind of content you upload, how many times you failed before in the past, or even what your niche is. Now, change number one is you need to make sure that you're adapting how your account's actually set up. In order to do this, you need to come over into your YouTube studio. You need to click on settings right here, and then you need to come into channel, and you need to make sure several different features are enabled. First and foremost, you need to make sure that these keywords right here contain a bunch of keywords about the exact type of content that you are currently uploading. On this channel, I post about growing on Tik Tok, growing on Instagram, growing on YouTube, getting views on these channels, making money on these platforms, things like that. So, that's why I have all these keywords in here. You need to do the same exact thing for you. In addition to that, you need to make sure that you have your channel name in here once. And I would strongly suggest that you add in three competitors down here. Now, in addition to that, you need to make sure that you come into feature eligibility right here. Look at these three things. You need to make sure that all three of them say enabled. If these three things do not say enabled, you don't have the right keywords. And when you come to youtube.com/verify, that doesn't show a green check mark right there. It means YouTube is classifying your content the wrong way. They're not going to show your content to the right people. And ultimately, you're not going to get the views that you deserve on YouTube. But again, very simple to just come through and set these things up. Now, in addition to that, you also need to make sure that you are coming over here into your account, clicking on your channel right here, and then coming into customize channel, and you need to make sure that those same keywords that you had showing in your tags also show in 1, two, or three sentences in your channel description. But that was just the first change. The second change is incredibly important now if you want to go viral on YouTube shorts. And this is actually something that didn't matter just even a few weeks ago. So now, if you come over to Google and you do a search for something, you're going to notice something different. For example, if I come over here and type in how to go viral on YouTube shorts, what you're going to notice is that now short video shows up here. And check this out right here. This is my video that went viral on this topic. This is my video that went viral on this topic. This is another one of my videos. Another one of my videos. Another one of my videos. Another one of my videos. And the reason that my videos are outranking everybody else's, in fact, this is another one right here, is because the thumbnails that I'm choosing are amazing. Not to toot my own horn, because you could literally just copy these things. The first thing that you want to do is make sure what somebody's going to be searching for shows up here. For example, how to find viral video ideas. You also want to make sure that you're doing ones that capture somebody's attention. For example, go viral without getting lucky. Because a lot of people think you need to get lucky in order to go viral. That's not the case, though. or something like this where I actually highlight one of the metrics right here by circling it. You need to do these same exact things in your thumbnails because what this is going to lead to is more people clicking on your content and then you going viral more often on YouTube shorts. If we come over to my shorts right here, we come over here and we could filter this. We could see that I have literally gone viral on YouTube shorts hundreds of times. And the secret to me doing this was the thumbnails that I was choosing, the fact that my account set up the right way. And then number three that we need to get into, which is topic choice, because this really, really matters. If you choose the wrong topic to post about on YouTube shorts, you are not going to get any views. And there are two things that you need to make sure of. Number one is that the topic you are uploading on is something that is getting a high views per hour. For example, if we come over here, we type in how to go viral on YouTube shorts. What you want to make sure that you see are videos that are getting a high number of views per hour. So, if we look at these long form videos here, they're not getting that many views per hour. 12 views per hour, 2 views per hour. You could see it right here on this little VPH metric. Now, if we scroll down, what we're going to see are shorts. Now, if we click into this short right here, then come over here and change this from shorts to watch, what you're going to notice is that this video right here is getting a ton of views. If we come into views right here, we could see that this video is getting over 100 views per hour. That is exactly what you want to see. You want to see videos getting over 100 views per hour. Now, in order to actually figure out how many views per hour a video is getting, you need to make sure that you have the Vid IQ Chrome extension. And they just updated this to make it actually even way more powerful. So, in addition to just seeing the views per hour, you can see how the views per hour on a topic is changing over time. And Ideally, what you want to see is this views per hour metric going up because what that shows is that more people are getting interested in whatever you are actually posting about. This right here is going to allow you to predict how many views you could get on YouTube. And it's going to stop you from making bad videos. Because if you are uploading on YouTube shorts right now, you're getting 300 views, 500 views, 1,000 views, even 10,000 views. I guarantee you it's because of the topic of the content that you just uploaded about. Vid IQ helps you solve that by giving you these in-depth analytics. And actually, Vid IQ is the only way that you can see this, which is why I strongly suggest you go to the pin comment below right now and get started with Vid IQ today for only $1. If you're not using this tool, you aren't going to know what's a good video idea versus a bad video idea. And this is going to stop you from getting the views that you want. But that can all be solved literally for just $1. So, please go to the pin comment below and get started with it right now. This is a no-brainer. If you're not using this tool, you're going to get left behind on YouTube right now. And quite frankly, you're making YouTube way harder than it needs to be. And I guarantee you, your competitors are already using this. So, if you don't want to get left behind, go to the pin comment and grab it right now. Now, change number four is you need to make sure that your metadata is set up correctly. Again, I've literally gone viral on YouTube shorts hundreds of times, and it's all because my metadata is always set up correctly. For example, if we come over to this video right here, use these hashtags to go viral on YouTube shorts. What is the term I am trying to rank for here? New hashtags go viral and short. So there's actually two terms. I want to talk about hashtags and I want to talk about going viral. So what you're going to notice is that shows up in the title with those keywords. In addition to that, if we come into the description right here, we can see that hashtags shows up twice right here. I also have viral and increase views. So my metadata is set up correctly in the title. It's also set up correctly in the description. And if we scroll down to the tags right here, it is set up correctly down here, too. In fact, it's several times. So, what you need to make sure of is that the keyword that your video is about or that you want your video to rank for shows in the title once, in the description twice, in the tags five times, and then in addition to that, it needs to show in the voice over or the transcript of your content within the first 3 seconds. If that's not happening, YouTube is going to write your video off and YouTube isn't going to think that your video is about the right topic or is actually a video that should be ranking for search or should be shown to the right audience and then as a result you don't get the views that you want. Now, the reason that this happens on YouTube is because YouTube is all about past view history. What does that mean? When somebody watches a video about how to grow on YouTube, they get shown more videos about how to grow on YouTube. When somebody watches a video about the Yankees, they get shown more content about the Yankees. So, what you need to make sure that you do is have the correct metadata set up so that YouTube is able to correctly identify the right people to show your content to, then you're going to get the right metrics and then boom, this will help you go viral. So long as you don't mess up this last thing I'm going to share with you, and that is that you need to make sure that you're posting at the right time on YouTube so that you actually get the right metrics. Now, let me explain to you exactly how you can figure this out. If you come into your analytics right here and then you click on audience, you scroll down, you're going to see when your viewers are on YouTube. You want to make sure that you're posting in the first time slot that says most of your viewers are on YouTube. You should not be posting when it's really, really dark like this. You shouldn't be posting when it says some of your viewers are on YouTube. You shouldn't be posting when it says many of your viewers are on YouTube. You need to post in the first hour that it says most of your viewers are on YouTube because otherwise what's going to happen? You're going to post when YouTube does not have your ideal audience online. And then guess what ends up happening? Your content gets shown to somebody that isn't in your ideal audience. And then what's going to happen is something like this. So if we come over here and we scroll down a little bit and find this video right here, 52,000 views. Now, the reason that this video did so well is because if we scroll down, we could see average view duration and state to watch is very high. So, this state to watch needs to be as close as possible to 75%. And your average view duration needs to be as close as possible to the length of your video. Because if you're not hitting those two metrics, it's probably because one, you messed up your metadata like I shared with you earlier. Two, you posted your content at the wrong time. Or three, even worse, you posted about a topic nobody actually cared about and you should have never made that mistake because you should have Vid IQ showing you exactly how many people watching what videos on what topics right now today so you know exactly what to post about. Now, in addition to that, I need to make sure that you're not committing one of the three deadly sins when it comes to growing on YouTube. The first one is that you decide what your audience wants. That's not how YouTube works. If you want to go viral on YouTube, you need to just upload about what your audience wants. You don't get to decide that. You just need to observe it and then deliver on exactly what they want. Secondly, you need to make sure you stop focusing on the content that you are creating. Your idea, your thumbnail, your title, your packaging, all of those things are actually way more important than the video that you actually end up creating. And then third, you need to make sure that you're taking advantage of the fact that people want to watch the same type of content over and over again. I'm not literally saying to repost your videos over and over again, but if you make a video about the YouTube algorithm and it does well, or you make a video about skiing and it does well, or a video about skateboarding and it does well, double down on that topic. Do not think that people are going to get bored. People are going to forget that they even watch that piece of content and the YouTube algorithm isn't going to forget. So, keep hammering that same topic. Keep hammering that same format. In my business, I call this doubling down. And I strongly suggest that whenever anything works for you, you double down, too. Now, if you want to go viral on YouTube right now, during the easiest time ever to go viral, no matter what kind of content you're uploading, no matter how long you've been struggling for, the same exact way I just helped this creator do it, this creator do it, and this creator do it. Well, I want to work with you. In fact, I want to guarantee that I can help you by working with you one-on-one. If that sounds interesting, well, please check out this video right here that walks you through the three different ways that we can work together so I can help you finally get the views that you want, go viral like you want, get the subscribers that you want, and ultimately get monetized on YouTube. I'll see you over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [7 likes]: Get Started With VidIQ For $1 (BEST AI TOOLS FOR YOUTUBERS): https://vidiq.com/robertbenjamin/
  2. @Joseph-n9t2t: need help please
  3. @MoonShotTrading: New YouTubeer here
  4. @omfactsss: love from india bro🤍
  5. @joelsoutlet8366: Thank you for this amazing wisdom, knowledge and information you shared! Let's us grow together !
  6. @MontserratMoritzMayr: This was very entertaining.
  7. @songolas-19: an interesting tutorial to help increase your viewing hours audience
  8. @songolas-19: Thank you very much for the tutorial. Stay healthy and stay enthusiastic.
  9. @Diva_arie: Plssss help me❤
  10. @hauhai-d5h: The effort you put into this shows.
  11. @JulioRamirez2ndChannel: 0:38 I like how this is 1 of The Ways for all of us to go Viral on Our YouTube Channels
  12. @DRDDbible: nice
  13. @zomedy88: thanks alot
  14. @АлександрСудас-з5й: Expand descriptions with links to series playlists.
  15. @KhanhLuong-d5n: Loved the editing.
  16. @SabihaSultana-q3h: I can relate to this.
  17. @WgeyheyUsuwyw: A memorable outro line nudges shares and subscriptions.
  18. @breemichelle4677: Your videos never disappoint.
  19. @IbrahimNicoPichler: Repackage livestreams into thematic edits for evergreen value.
  20. @RamneaWorld-yt: Hey ! I am here

- DO THIS To Go VIRAL on YouTube Shorts EVERY TIME You Upload (new algorithm shift): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just released a brand new YouTube Shorts algorithm that makes it easier than ever before for small channels to go viral so long as you make sure that you have the right settings turned on, you're optimizing your videos the right way and doing three other things I'm going to share with you in this video. Because I will warn you, if you don't implement these things, it's going to feel like it's harder than ever to grow on YouTube, but that's not the case because they're literally shifting the YouTube algorithm to make it easier for small channels just like you to grow faster. In fact, I just helped this creator, this creator, and this creator gain over 100,000 subscribers by simply implementing what I'm going to share with you. Change number one is you need to make sure that you have the correct settings turned on, both on your channel and in the content you're uploading. Let me explain. Okay, now in order to make going viral easy, you need to make sure that you have three settings correctly enabled. I'm going to come over to my new channel that I literally just started this year. It's almost got 77,000 subscribers to show you exactly what I'm talking about. So, the first setting you need to make sure is enabled. If you come over into your settings, click on channel, you're going to click on advanced settings, you're going to scroll all the way down. You need to make sure that hype is enabled right here. Essentially, what this allows to happen is this allows your viewers to hype up your channel at no cost three times a week. Now, guess what ends up happening when they hype your content? It makes those videos basically instantly get more views and a lot of times instantly go viral. In fact, if we come over here and we look at some of my videos recently, you will notice that the ones that have gotten the most views are the ones that got a lot of hype points. For example, this video we got right here get over 60,000 views. If we come over here, come into advanced mode. We come over into metrics and we type in hypes. We will see that I had multiple people hype this video up. In fact, it got 3,800 hype points and more than 11 people hyped it. And that's why this video right here got me over a,000 subscribers and got over 60,000 views. But that's not the only setting you need to make sure is enabled. You also need to make sure that if you come back over into your settings right here, then you click on channel and click on feature eligibility, you need to make sure that all three of these are green. If these three don't show as green, it means that you need to come over here. You need to click into this and you need to perform some type of action. Because if that isn't happening, well then guess what? YouTube is actually showing your content to the wrong people or they're not pushing it out enough. In fact, it literally tells you over here that YouTube isn't going to push out your content if you don't have these features enabled. In addition to that, if you come over into advanced settings and you scroll down, you need to make sure that you also have clips enabled. And in your basic info, you need to make sure that this has keywords that your videos are actually going to be about because this is metadata and this tells YouTube, hey, this is what this channel is actually about. And if you don't have all of these different settings figured out, then YouTube probably isn't pushing your videos as much as they should be. Now, change number two is you need to make sure that you're optimizing your posts for the right metrics. In fact, there are really only four metrics you should care about if you're uploading on YouTube shorts. And I'm going to break down for you exactly which one of them matter and what you need to hit for them. Now, when it comes to the analytics that you are paying attention to on YouTube, here's what you need to focus on. You need to come over into content. We're going to come over into shorts and I am literally going to walk you through this. So, if we see this video right here, it's got almost 60,000 views. The reason for that is because if I come into this video, I did four settings correct. First and foremost, stay to watch is over 80%. You need to make sure that you hit that. If you're not hitting over 80%, one of two things is off. Either one, the hook in your video wasn't good enough, or two, you're uploading about a topic that your audience doesn't actually care about. Now, secondly, your average view duration needs to hit the right metrics. If your video is less than 30 seconds, this needs to be over 100%. If your video is greater than 31 seconds, this will be fine at 80%. If you don't know what I'm talking about here, what you need to do is you need to pull up a calculator and then you need to do this calculation right here. You're going to come over here and you're going to take the average view duration that you got, so 37, divide it by the length of your video that's going to show right here. Then you're going to multiply this by 100 and this gives me 90. So since my video is over 31 seconds, I need this to be at least 80. If my video was less than 30 seconds, I need that score to be over 100. And if it's not, it's why your video isn't getting the reach that you want. In addition to that, there are two other metrics that matter. So if we come over here, we come over into reach, sorry, if we come over into engagement, you will be able to see over here how many people are actually hyping your content. Remember, I told you how important this was before. You need to make sure that people are hitting the hype button. Now, for my specific channel, the channel that you're looking at, I actually can't get hype points on this because it's only for channels that have less than 500,000 subscribers. Again, why it's easier to grow right now. When I was growing, I didn't have this. So, I'm not actually eligible, which is why it's showing zero. But, you need to make sure that you're actually hitting this right here. In addition to that, when you come under audience, you need to make sure that when you scroll down, you want to make sure a lot of your viewers are coming from new viewers. If all of your views come from regular viewers or casual viewers, what that means is that YouTube is finding the same audience over and over for your content and that's why you're not getting subscribers. You're not getting more views than you think you should be getting. And ultimately, YouTube isn't showing your videos to as many people as they should. Now, change number three is you need to make sure that you're not forgetting about your old content. You need to be optimizing your old content, too. Because if not, then you have a gold mine of content. If you've got five old videos, 10 old videos, maybe 500 old videos, you could go through optimizing those videos that could get kicked back into the algorithm. And one of the videos that you created in the past could be the reason that you end up going viral right now. Now, lucky for you, optimizing your content is actually incredibly easy. What you should be doing is coming over to Vid IQ. And if you aren't already, you should be signed up cuz then you can click on optimize right here. You can come over here, click on shorts, and this will literally tell you everything that you need to change about your content. So, you come over here, you click on generate score. This is then going to score your title, your description, your tags, and if you click into this, it will literally tell you what you need to change. So, it looks at the title, it looks at your detail, which is going to be your description and your tags. And you can have this refine these, you can have this regenerate these, and it will score them. So essentially what this allows you to do is very quickly change out the title you have, change out your description, change out your tags so that you can optimize your old content. In addition to that, if you come over here to get content score, this will actually have AI watch your video and tell you everything that you did wrong and what you could do different so that you can improve your content in the future. And again, you could literally come over here one day or over a few days and do this for all of your videos to help optimize them to help them get more reach without you having to create new content. And my favorite part about Vid IQ is not only that it helped me gain over 860,000 subscribers, but that you could go to the pin comment below and get started with it today for only $1. This is an absolute no-brainer. If you want to get more views on YouTube, get more subscribers, get monetized, or you just want to get more views than your competitors, Vid IQ is going to be your secret weapon that allows you to do it. Now, change number four is you need to make sure that you're taking advantage of the fact that the YouTube algorithm is now trying to push out small channels and new content that upload YouTube shorts that are ranking for search. Let me prove this to you. Now, this is exactly what I'm talking about. And if we come over here and we type in something like best time to post on YouTube, what you are going to notice is that YouTube is now showing new types of content here. We could see that it's mainly YouTube shorts that actually end up getting shown. In addition to that, not just search, but when somebody comes over to their homepage and they scroll down a little bit, they're going to get shown a bunch of shorts. And I want you to notice something. A lot of these shorts that are showing up are from pages that are brand new and aren't from super established pages. And the reason that this is happening is because YouTube wants to push out other people's content. And we could see this happens across all types of different searches. For example, if we come over here and type in trout fishing, which has nothing to do with anything, and I've actually never looked this up before, we could see again these videos are getting a lot of views and they're showing a lot of YouTube shorts. Now, in order to actually be able to rank for search, you need to make sure that you are doing four things correct inside of your shorts. And again, I'm going to prove this to you by showing you a video that's gotten over a million views. So, this video right here, 1.6 million views. If we come over into the analytics of this video, we could see over 80% of those views have come from YouTube search. Now, if we come over into the details right here, we will be able to see that I have the keyword that I'm ranking for in the title. I have it two times in the description. And if we scroll down to the tags over here, guess what? Shows more than five times. But in addition to that, I have a really good thumbnail on this video. This video right here, 500K subscribers. So basically, it incentivizes the viewer to click on the video because they want to learn how to get more subscribers. That's exactly what you need to be doing in your content in order to rank for search. And again, this is a big opportunity right now, but as 2026 approaches, this is going to be an even bigger opportunity because if we come over to my content and we type in something like 2025, you will be able to see that I've literally gotten millions, tens of millions of views from content with 2025 in the name. And the same opportunity is going to exist for 2026. And I would start making content with 2026 once we get into November or December. Now, that last change you need to make sure that you're implementing is implementing custom thumbnails on your YouTube shorts. If you're uploading videos to YouTube and you aren't adding a custom thumbnail, this is why you're not getting the views that you want. Now, because you need a custom thumbnail in order to get views both from the homepage, from browse features, from suggested, and from search, I wanted to show you what actually makes a really good thumbnail. So, if we come over here, we can see another video almost 700,000 views. If we look at this video right here, come to the analytics. This video gets me around 5,000 views every 48 hours. And the reason that this video has done so well is because of this custom thumbnail. Look at this. I'm literally pointing to the thing that says how to turn on comments. So, I don't want you to think that a custom thumbnail means that you're paying some fancy designer or that it means that you're spending a lot of time coming up with a thumbnail. That is not at all what I mean. All that I mean is that you have a psychological loop in your content that actually gets the viewer to click and actually makes them think that whatever they want is on the other side of your video. For example, if we come over to YouTube and we type something in like how to train a dog, how to train a dog and then we come down to the shorts, we need to make sure that at least viewers think that this is going to happen. So, look at this teaching sit. We could see teach any teach any dog to drop anything. We could see this one right here, which is guy like kind of grabbing these dogs. All of these things are acting as thumbnails. The same thing here. Are you struggling with your dog's recall? This one right here didn't do as well as a lot of the videos. And this one right here also didn't because it's a bunch of random stuff in the thumbnail. If we look at these other thumbnails, they're a lot more hyper specific about whatever the video is about. Now, if you want to grow faster on YouTube and get monetized the same exact way I just helped this creator do it, this creator do it, and this creator do it, well, I want to work with you one-on-one to guarantee that that happens because I want to take the struggle out of YouTube for you. Gone of the days of you guessing what kind of content to post or what you should be making or what you're doing wrong with your content because I will literally tell you that when we work together one-on-one. If that sounds interesting, well, please check out this video right here that walks you through the three different ways that we could work together. If you want to grow faster, I'll see you over

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [9 likes]: Get VidIQ For $1 for 30 days (BEST AI TOOLS FOR YOUTUBERS): https://vidiq.com/robertbenjamin/
  2. @trippyaquatics [1 likes]: Let's grow together and unite the small creators
  3. @IsaakLosoya [1 likes]: if anyone has any ideas on what I can change, I would appreciate it. I want to get into the partnership program to start earning.
  4. @secondamendment332 [1 likes]: Good information in this video ty
  5. @apuuvz [1 likes]: to every fellow starter ,we got this ! keep pushing 🎯
  6. @Dream-rift [1 likes]: Small youtubers gather here
  7. @KungFuShooter2 [1 likes]: Yeah sadly, I can't let my viewers hype my content because I am not monetized
  8. @Catsandkittens240: I wanna learn please 🙏 I need to grow please
  9. @jaden-kingx: Very enjoyable to watch.
  10. @JesusChristsavesall77: I am not having hype in my settings dashboard
  11. @CanalHubQualificado: E a segunda vez que mudo minha estratégia, parece que agora vai!🙏🏽 sorte pra todos nós 🚀
  12. @NapiTechx: This is exactly what small creators like me need to hear 💪 Every upload is a lesson — one day we’ll figure it out and finally go viral too! 🚀🔥
  13. @Safiakhan8767: Nice
  14. @VictoryInChrist837: 👍💥
  15. @SergioCole-r1b: Excellent work, thank you.
  16. @Cu-Ingots: Small channels gather here 🎉🎉🎉
  17. @Salifu_Mahamas: To all beginners good luck to all of us 🤲🤲we should not forget to help each other
  18. @soul_redemption3: Small channels here let’s grow together ✅
  19. @AstronomyEmporium: I have 82 videos about astronomy, 1.94k subscribers but nowhere near enough watch hours.
What should I do?
  20. @AstronomyEmporium: I can’t  find a hype button only “clip content”

- How to Make Viral YouTube Shorts | Results: Kind: captions Language: en I used to think YouTube shorts was all luck but after posting over 150 YouTube shorts across three different channels I'm now earning two thousand dollars a month from one channel and I can now confirm there's no luck to YouTube shorts here's a guide on how to make viral shorts so you can start seeing similar results step one create a YouTube channel about something you're interested in so we can upload shorts and there are two types of short channels you can create one that repurposes content and one that uploads original content that you create yourself my channel is the repurposed type and I also recommend you take a similar approach if you want to make money as fast as possible this is because you have an infinite amount of content and you don't need any skills or talent to be successful you literally only need to know how to use video editing software which I'll explain how to use Ladle Step 2 to have the highest chances of going viral within your first five shorts I recommend you search your Niche and view what's already working for inspiration because what's working for other channels will likely work for yours when I started my channel I posted 6 shorts around topics I thought would go viral they didn't go viral and then I decided to take inspiration from what's already working this decision caused my channel to get its first viral short only on the seventh upload to the channel and I didn't realize until I had posted another 39 shorts to my channel that there was something different about this short that made it go viral the difference between this short and all the other shorts on my channel was that it had higher attention and retention is the most important YouTube metric behind any short going viral on YouTube I identified two techniques that I accidentally applied to the short to make it have higher attention and ever since learning these techniques they have been responsible for all of the viral shorts on my channel continue watching to see how to apply these techniques when you create your first short step 3 Source Clips to use within your first short I have sourced every clip I've ever used in all my shorts from YouTube and using the trending topics you found in Step 2 search for that topic on YouTube to find Clips since my channel is in the football Niche I will search Neymar funny moments and and I'll select this shot here because I can immediately see that it already has high engagement and since I want to use this clip within my short we need to download it by finding the original video that the clip is from you should always find the original video because the quality will be much higher and there won't be any watermarks and in general we just don't want to be downloading other people's shorts and uploading them as our own for my channel I can see every re-uploaded short of mine and YouTube Shadow bands this content but to find the original clip you will want to describe exactly what the clip is about in the search bar it's easy to find the original clip using this method but sometimes a clip E1 is within a large video and since we found it we will copy the URL and head to Google and search for a free YouTube video downloader most of the shorts on my channel compilation so I repeat this for multiple clips step 4 if you want to make money from the clips you downloaded you have to make sure you're adding some type of edit and to prove you can make money from this we can look at the YouTube monetization rules for reused content where if you edit your shorts you'll meet the super approved criteria of making a funny or thoughtful vision of content you didn't originally create and if your content doesn't fall with any of these don'ts you will be making money from YouTube shorts step five it's now time to edit your short and I'll be using Adobe Premiere Pro but you can follow along using any other type of video editing software since almost all have a timeline feature and before we start doing edits to increase retention we first need to get our edit ready to start use a frame size of 1080 in the horizontal and 1920 in the vertical you will have to Google how to change your frame size depending on what type of software you're using but next I will drag in the downloader clips into the timeline and I will delete the original sound because for my content the sound adds no value it's usually just some boring background noises if you're doing some type of content that the audio adds value of course you'll have to keep it in and since my clip is within a large video we'll have to use the cutting tool to cut the clip at the exact moment we want to use and I'll delete the leftover clips and repeat this for all of my Clips because as I I mentioned I'm creating a completion and we don't want to show these black borders so we'll increase the scale of the video and then reposition it so it's centered within the frame step six aim to achieve higher retention because as I mentioned retention is the key metric behind any short going viral the second technique I learned from studying my first viral short was that within the first second I already had one text edit one highlighted Circle and two sounds these types of edits appeared every two seconds throughout the entire short to keep the viewer engaged both visually and auditory and now we will apply this technique by adding our first edit just after the short starts because we want change to occur within the first instant this will stop viewers continuing to scroll on their feed and they'll actually watch out short and at this point I will drag in a graphic such as a laughing emoji and place it above Neymar's head because for this context Neymar is mocking the reporter and it's funny I will drag in and align a pop sound effect as soon as the graphic appears on the screen again we are creating both a visual and auditory change constantly I do recommend you create a folder full of sound effects and Graphics because you'll be constantly adding these throughout your entire short now back to the edit I will add some more Graphics such as an arrow and text to really highlight the video topic which is Neymar now I will repeat this step where I add frequent edits every two seconds while ensuring that each graphic has a paired sound effect and I will make sure I don't use the same type of graphic every single edit because you want to feed the viewer with new content as a side note you should be adding these frequent edits to any Niche but adjust them to suit the style of Niche for example if you're creating motivational shorts you shouldn't be adding laughing emojis because that's just not the style I know of so many different short channels that apply these same Concepts but just adjust them to suit their Niche and as you could expect it is making their shorts go viral step 6 and trending music to your short you can still monetize your shorts even if you use copyrighted music and a lot of people get confused about this because after you upload a show with copyrighted music you will see a copyright restriction in your YouTube Studio but if you roll over the copyright restriction you will see it reads copyright protected content found but it doesn't affect your short also you can see my channel has monetization on for all of my shorts regardless of it having a copyright restriction or not step 7 export the short in the highest quality possible and then upload it to your channel and your views will probably explode for the first hour and then they'll Flatline this is something that's so discouraging about starting a new YouTube shorts Channel and something that doesn't make sense at all for example my first viral Shore received 7000 views within the first 25 minutes and then it proceeded to Flatline over a 24-hour period but if we change the time period to Lifetime you can see that the short didn't go viral for two days no one can actually prove why this happens to shorts but I think it's YouTube's way of testing your short to a small group of viewers to see if it's a good video and you need to understand one thing about YouTube shorts is that it's a fair game where if you create a good video that has high retention it will all go viral now let's look at the analytics I uploaded the shorts six days ago when I Was preparing for this video and you can see the show has reached over 200 000 views in the last seven days these numbers are typical for a Channel of my size as I do have over 250 000 subscribers and I'm expecting to make sure to still go viral because if we take a look at my channel and click on any of my viral shorts you will see each of them don't get pushed into the algorithm for anywhere between 7 to 21 days you should also expect a similar time period for any of your shorts to go viral as I've only had one short on my channel go viral within a 24-hour period and here's the rest of my short analytics if you're interested in any of this information just pause the video and that's all you need to know about how to create a viral short it's obviously not as easy just watching this video and then going to do it yourself it will take time to get good at editing and actually learn how to create a good short in my next video I'm going to try YouTube Automation and we're going to turn a YouTube channel into a business where we do none of the work

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrGoober-y6g [2 likes]: thanks!
  2. @loudbutmute [1 likes]: "Best creator I have ever seen.
  3. @VeloraSoundscape07 [1 likes]: Bros 9 million view video is copyright😅😅 also bro got 2 copyrights
  4. @PopViralll [1 likes]: What am i doing wrong?
  5. @GoldenRanks.33 [1 likes]: I Don't see the discord link
  6. @VerseFusion-s2p: Bro's patience level ++++++++++
  7. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  8. @AIVisualFeed: Wishing all my channels luck
  9. @DinodudReal: How do you find raw clips to make shorts about Because everyone I try to get clips for shorts it’s always heavily edited and can’t find the original source 😖
  10. @Minikind.shorts: Guys ,how you deal with 0 view ?
  11. @LittlesMoralStories: Incredible tips 👍 thank you bro 👍
  12. @FINANCIALSTORM-1: I can dub your videos in Hindi so that your channel and views can grow.
  13. @OrionfauconFF: I will try to do this😢
  14. @Popspil: Nine million views
 only give you $36?
  15. @myrevengestoryree: Please upload Aure video
  16. @MRNJFootball: ❤
  17. @The_Painted_World: Please support me too 😢
  18. @aviv32: 150% retention and still averaging around 1000 views :Z
  19. @Trollcraft-b7r: ❤❤❤❤❤thanks
  20. @Vortiqq: where do i get sound effects

- Get MORE Views with Shorts Reels & TikTok Cooking Videos - My VIRAL Video Formula!: Kind: captions Language: en do you want more views well here's a vertical video formula that I use to stop people from scrolling and watch till the end I'm going to deconstruct one of my Instagram reels that just hit 2 million views shot by shot and sentence by sentence so first you're going to want to open a notepad and number it one through ten typically a short vertical video is 60 seconds and that's roughly about 10 to 12 sentences long those first two to three sentences are going to be your hook watch any viral cooking video from any creator with millions of followers and you will quickly notice that they all start their video with two to three sentences telling you exactly what they're going to make and then describe how it tastes or something that's amazing about the dish that's going to make you want to create it yourself here's the first sentence of the video hey yo these thighs don't lie so the very first shot of the video is of a chicken thigh that does not lie and I hold it up to the lens of the camera and you'll also notice that there's a slight Zoom as well well and it adds just a little bit more motion to the shot to draw the viewer in the first sentence and shot are two seconds long the goal of this shot is to stop the thumb of the person watching from swiping to the next video the very next sentence is marinated in coconut cream with fish sauce these chicken thighs are packed with Umami so this next sentence is four seconds long and the goal of this part here is to really drive that hook in I'm describing the dish a little and I'm giving you an idea of the flavors that you're going to taste when you make it and eat it there are four one second shots that play over this one sentence two of them are of the dish being garnished and I add another slight Zoom as I sprinkle toppings onto the dish these two shots are also quickly telling the viewer what they might taste or experience when they eat the dish fresh cilantro and chilies would be a bright and spicy contrast to what looks like a Savory chicken they might also notice that it's cooked on a single sheet pan which makes me think that it might be quick and easy to make and also what's under that chicken hmm I want to know the next two shots are of me eating the dish and then my reaction to the bite now these eating shots are not necessary if you don't want to show yourself on camera but I do this more of like a branding thing for me I show my face in my videos so that people know that they're my videos faceless videos can be anyone so there isn't really going to be any connection made with you or your brand and the viewer if they saw a bunch of your videos over time and because my face is in my videos they might see me pop up on their feed a bunch and then recognize my face then after a while they decide to follow or subscribe Plus at least if my video was stolen and reposted somewhere else online it's still me my face and my brand that's showing up on the Internet another shot sequence of this hook section of the video could be of the recipe being plated or are you showing a nice close-up of a perfect bite whatever you take away from this just make sure that those first two to four seconds of the video are some sort of food porn style shot of the dish once you hooked the viewer in you need to go immediately right into the recipe no long-winded stories about just dive right into the process of making the dish my very next run-on sentence is in a bowl combine an entire can of Mai cotton organic coconut cream with one inch of minced ginger four cloves of minced garlic half a red chili the zest and juice of two whole limes a half cup of fish sauce half cup of brown sugar some olive oil fresh Cracked Pepper and give it some whiskey business for this part of the video just start putting everything in the bowl or the Pan don't waste any time with shots of you cutting onions or prepping the ingredients have all of that prepped measured and in its own container and just throw it in the bowl you only need to show something being prepped if it's some sort of special technique or something that's unique about the way that you prepped it for this specific dish everyone knows or can figure out how to mince garlic ginger or onions so just keep the video moving this part of the video was a pretty large chunk of time and it was 18 seconds total with 14 shots that played out what helps keep the viewers attention for that long is that I'm constantly providing information because I'm listing out the ingredients to the marinade I also changed up my camera angle for a few of these to switch up the shot so it doesn't feel repetitive long and boring the next two sentences are you could reserve about half a cup or more for sauce later add six to eight thighs to the marinade and then let these hang out in the fridge till you get hungry so nothing too crazy about this part the first sentence was more of like a slight tip on how to save some marinade as a sauce before the chick before you add the chicken and that way you don't have to worry about like chicken juices inside of the sauce but the second sentence shows more of my own personal reality or my brand when I say to marinate it until you're hungry compared to what most recipes would say when they give you like a specific time that no one really follows anyways this section was seven seconds long and it had six quick cutting shots with one camera angle change this is also the halfway point in the video and it's a good time to do or say something that creates some more re-engagement with a viewer that's going to entertain them or make them want to keep watching I said a little funny so my hope is that it perks their ears up and they're like oh what do you say and then they keep wanting to watch the next sentence is you want to cut a cabbage into one inch thick slices and then remove the core if you don't want to eat that this was about five seconds long and four shots total and like I mentioned earlier I'm only showing this because I'm preparing this unique style of cut on this particular vegetable that's specific to this dish compared to just like simply mincing some onions or something right the next two sentences are place them onto a pan and then hit both sides with some olive oil pepper and salt place your chicken on top of the cabbage and then you're going to want to hit that with some salt and pepper as well this ran for 10 seconds total with eight shots in it and when I say that it's eight shots what I mean is that I'm showing maybe the same camera angle but they're like junk Cuts right where the shot is basically jumping to another part of the clip to show them important information or the action of that recipe step I prefer to just show one to two second clips of the major action or step of that recipe compared to taking that whole entire five minute clip of me putting all of the things into the pan and then just speeding it all up to play out in 10 seconds to me it's just more engaging and that sped up footage just screams like super Amateur hour to me but that's just me the next two sentences are throw this into an oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit for 30 to 35 minutes and the skin should be nice and crispy this goes great with my coconut rice recipe so this was another 10 seconds and 5 shots total and this was the tail end of the video and I was kind of running out of time with this you know 60 second time limit of the edit but my goal for this last part was two things one was to give them a payoff I wanted to give the viewer the info needed to actually cook the dish but I also wanted to show it fully cooked and coming out of the oven I didn't show me garnishing it again because I had these in the beginning the next thing I wanted to show was the final plated Dish and also mention a coconut rice recipe I also filmed that recipe the same day and I was already planning on making a video for it but I knew that if I mentioned it in this video I would get people asking for it in the comments and a ton of people did ask and when I posted that video it hit 190k itself same formula two major takeaways from that very last sentence one is that I wanted to say or do something in my script or video that would make people watching leave a comment this would also help boost your reach and Views because it's telling the algorithm people are talking about this video and engaging with it and two a lot of people might have tried to cram that whole rice recipe into this video as well but why when you can get two videos from One shoot day I got a whole other video that's breaking down how you can pull eight plus shorts or tick tocks from one recipe and I'll put that in the description and this is a game changer if you're trying to pump out a ton of content post consistently and you don't want to be filming seven days a week so here's the key takeaways to get more views with this vertical video formula the way the algorithm works is with retention you want people to watch as much of your video as possible ideally more than once make a strong hook in those first two to three sentences and then get right to the recipe do quicker cuts to keep your viewers engaged one to three seconds per clip YouTube shorts reels and tick tocks give you about one minute but you don't need to use it all make those videos as short as possible but long enough to deliver your information without repeating yourself twice another thing to consider is adding captions I've been doing this recently with my content and it has been helping a lot with hooking in the viewer and retention I'll show you how I do this in another video but I encourage you to follow this exact formula for your next 10 vertical videos and I swear to you if you execute it well you will be getting more views than average and possibly have a couple videos go viral leave a comment below and let me know if you tried it and it works catch you in the next one a lot

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kieran-g9r [9 likes]: I’ve been posting food content for about a year! I’ve just hit 47k followers but I feel like this video will help me a lot ☺️ Thank you for this!
  2. @PhilipLemoine [6 likes]: 👨🏽‍🍳📷Cooking Creators Course 👉 www.CookingCreators.com
  3. @Kiwibird13 [1 likes]: Hello Phillip! I'm going to start my YouTube channel where I will bake things. I got this courage just because I watch your soooo many videos on content creation. And I can say that I learned alot. Thank you sooo much ❤️ you videos are really great and that have helped me so much.
  4. @JayKamy [1 likes]: nice  video, I hope to get more views and 1,000 subscribers soon. thanks so much
  5. @M.b-m2f: Hi Philip, brilliant video, can this be done by someone who never made content as I am looking to start alongside my job, your answer would be much appreciated - thanks
  6. @worldseri: There are all super helpful tips.  Thanks for sharing!
  7. @GoodKarmaSlots: Haaaaad to subscribe. I love your video aesthetic
  8. @TheMenuRecipes: Do you think shorter shorts usually do better?
  9. @katiee_stonee: Wheeeere do I get the actual recipes? 🔥
  10. @mindful.pantry: How do you do so many angles and clips? And how do you edit videos?
  11. @AntWrocksNY: Ingre 9:29 i like how you did that ;) 😂😂😂😂
  12. @dericoook: I have been doing content for a long time and I just realized now why a thumbnail is called a thumbnail 🤣
  13. @Jascensionvoid: How are you getting these up close shots of the food at the angles while your hands are on the food? Are  you using some type of smaller tripod? I"m a local food influencer and at restaurants Ive seen influencers on IG and tiktok use both hands to pick up a burger or their hands are in the shot but the camera/iphone looks very close getting those detailed shots. Normal tripods are too big for restaurants tables. How are you getting these close up shots? A specific tripod?
  14. @SworBecca: Loved every second of this.
  15. @RoodyRock-i2l: This was unexpectedly good.
  16. @Culinary_Caleb: Thank you for this! Starting out now so I think this will be very helpful!
  17. @Shahana-y51: Nice 🎉 thanks for 1544subscriber🎉🎉
  18. @Mixwell1983: This is good knowledge but what I find sad and see it all the time is social media has made people expect instant gratification, nobody wants to wait they want it now now now.  It's odd from someone who grew up in the 80s forced to watch commercial breaks, going to DVR etc and coming around full circle now with breaks aka ads.  Sure you can pay for premium but imagine box cable TV in the 90s had that option gow rich they could've become?  

Technology in DVR was to avoid commercials and now media platforms can't stop spamming the fuck out of it and want to nickel and dime you via subscriptions to remove it, essentially creating a problem to sell a solution. It's disgusting
  19. @jayatimehta1270: Precious guide! Thank you’❤
  20. @Wellnesswithbetsy: Thank you....I am old and a newbie and you make it seem to easy and beautiful (although for me it seems so overwhelming). I got some great ideas that I will try to incorporate.

- How To Find Trending Sounds & Posts on YouTube Shorts (GO VIRAL FASTER): Kind: captions Language: en if you want to go viral on YouTube shorts right now it's essential that you're choosing the right sound you're choosing the right topics and you're doing the last thing that I share with you in this video because if you're not using trending topics or trending sounds within your content well then guess what's going to happen it's going to decrease the amount of views and the amount of subscribers that you get every single time that you upload why because your competitors are probably doing these things differently and guess what that means it means that they're stealing your views and stealing your subscribers if you don't want that to happen you need to make sure that you implement everything that I share with you in this video for example this Creator was able to implement the things I'm about to share with you we can gain over a hundred thousand subscribers and this Creator was able to implement these things and gain over 4 million subscribers and the same exact thing can happen to you if you simply begin using trending sounds and trending ideas within your content but first I need you to smash that subscribe button if you want to learn how to grow quicker on YouTube please make sure you're subscribed to my channel I literally upload a video every single day about how to grow on social media so in order to find posts that are actually trending on YouTube you need to be looking in three different places the first place you could be looking is actually on the shorts feed and not just your own shorts feet you need to make sure that you actually curate a short speed that is going to share with you things that are trending within your Niche because if you don't see what's trending within your Niche you're not going to know what titles to use you're not going to know what formats are working and you're definitely not going to know what hashtags are working or the best length for the content that you're trying to create because at the end of the day if you want to go viral on YouTube you need to be on the shorts feed ranking for search is going to get you a lot of views ranking on browse features will get you a lot of views but if you truly want to go viral I'm talking a million views 10 million views 100 million views you need to make sure that you're actually ranking on the shorts feed because that's really the only way for that to happen overnight or really quickly the way that you're going to do this is by setting up burner account where you could use your own account but you need to make sure that you're only engaging with content within your Niche now it's going to happen when you log on to YouTube you're only going to see stuff that is relevant to your Niche and this is going to be what is trending ideally it's going to be things with over 10 1000 likes because if something has over 10 000 likes the odds of it having over a hundred thousand views is really high now the second place you could find these videos is if you go to your short shelf you'll see videos that hopefully have over a hundred thousand views if you don't see videos with over 100 000 views you need to go back and engage with more content within your Niche because you're just not getting served and trending things within your Niche so if you go into the short shelf you click on one of those and then you start scrolling through the short speed you'll probably also see trending posts there now there is a third place for you to see trending post but this is going to require a little bit more work and that is that you need to go into the channels of the people that you see showing on the short seed or showing on the short shelf and you want to look for people with less than a hundred thousand subscribers the reason you want people with less than 100 000 subscribers is if they have more than a hundred thousand subscribers odds are it might just be their subscribers seeing videos where they might only be getting views because they're not doing something trending but because their video is amazing and at the end of the day if you want to participate in Trends you don't need the best content in the world you just need to be talking about a topic that's actually working and that is going to do most of the work for you now there is another mistake that you need to make sure that you're not making when it comes to Trends and that is you don't want to get caught using copyright music and I see so many creators do this and that's exactly why we have to thank today's video sponsor epidemic sound I would never create a video without using epidemic sound to use the sounds for my videos the reason being one I want peace of mind I want to be able to sleep well at night too I don't want to lose my monetization and finally I want to make sure that I can find the perfect sound that is going to fit the mood of the content that I'm actually creating or the genre that I'm looking for an epidemic sound makes that incredibly easy and best of all they give you peace of mind if you want to start using epidemic sound please go to the link in the pin comment below or in the description and sign up for your free trial today best of all whatever sounds you use during the free trial after the free trial is up you're not going to get copyright strikes on them and if you use epidemic sounds you'll never have to worry about getting a copyright trick on YouTube ever again I strongly suggest that you sign up I would have never grown so big on YouTube without it and it makes my content more engaging and makes it better and I think it could do the same exact thing for you I mean you have to risk it's just a free trial so go to the link in the pin comment below and sign up right now now this brings me to the last point that I need to make in this video when it comes to trending videos and comes to trending sounds you also need to make sure that you're taking into consideration the catalog of content that you're creating on YouTube because at the end of the day what you want to happen on YouTube is when you get one viewer looking at your stuff and I'm talking about one individual person it equates to three or four views and the way that you're going to do this is by creating a catalog of content the worst thing that could ever happening on YouTube is having your first post go viral why because you've got no other content for YouTube to show somebody when somebody watches one of my YouTube videos I want YouTube to then show them other videos of mine the next time that they come on YouTube but that would never happen if I didn't have a lot of content about the same subject and that's exactly why you need to make sure that when you find something trending on YouTube you do several videos about it or if you find a topic that works you do several videos about it so you're able to turn that one person viewing one of your videos or your channel into several views because at the end of the day that's what's going to help you get pushed out on YouTube on top of that you need to make sure that you're posting at the best time on YouTube if you don't know the best time to post for your specific account or generally on YouTube it could be decreasing your views which is exactly why you need to watch this video right here what are you waiting for I'll see you over there

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [32 likes]: Free Trial For Epidemic Sounds: https://share.epidemicsound.com/robertbenjaminmaymay
  2. @Snehu063 [3 likes]: Small creators assemble ❤
  3. @nilaraka4fam: Very useful information
  4. @physamix: Do sound helps in algorithm?? Im a new creator
  5. @CraigQ-j2k: I got 100 subscribers today
  6. @Redmi7Gaming: My remix short video is not. Appearing on sound pages ,😢 please help me
  7. @CrispyPro: bro is yapping
  8. @nostalgisity: I wished I'd take one advice home.. 0!
  9. @karmadxb_2590: Hello friends please
  10. @tomasocials: intresting content
  11. @lifezamstyle: Hi thx for the helpful info
  12. @UnstoppableMindset-k7z: im botta cook
  13. @fuente_real: Like to remind me to come back❤❤❤
  14. @TikiTiki-i1q: Hii support friend's ❤❤❤
  15. @TikiTiki-i1q: Hii❤❤❤❤
  16. @Lucaveerman: I bet i will have 1 k subs when i look back at this in a few years
  17. @TimLinklater: I'm confused- you want to use 1. trending sounds but then you go on to say you should use 2. Royalty-free sounds. Which is it??  What if a audio provider [like Epidemic] doesn't have a trending + royalty free sound??
  18. @randymooklall3981: What’s the song name?
  19. @RANOVO: I use a trending sounds on YouTube shorts but got copyright claim
  20. @nerics: Amazing

- How I Make VIRAL Roblox Shorts ($10K /month): Kind: captions Language: en There is a viral Roblox niche that is making people thousands of dollars and millions of views every single day. And I own one of the channels. So, in today's video, I'm going to be going over exactly how to make these videos and how I make so much money off of Roblox, a free game on the app store. This right here is my Roblox channel. It's making me around $7,000 a month, and it's one of my five channels that I run on YouTube. I make Roblox YouTube shorts, and it is very easy. The way I do this is I copy other people's ideas and make them better. And there's a specific Roblox game that you have to be playing to get this many views. You cannot just do it willy-nilly. You have to actually stick to a niche. And I'm going to show you the exact niche right now. What you're going to do is open up YouTube and scroll down to the shorts feed. My shorts feed is mostly tuned to my right audience that I want to be targeting right now. Right. So, we have a couple videos right here on Roblox. I'm going to open up one of them real quick. All right. Here's a video right here. It has 3,000 likes and it already has 300,000 views in only 12 hours. This video is probably going to make this guy over $400 in the next couple days, which is absolutely insane. And these videos are incredibly easy to make, and I'm going to show you exactly how they make them right now in this video. First thing you're going to want to do is open up Roblox, and I'll be right back once it's open. Your next step is going to find the game called 99 Nights in the Forest. This is Roblox's most popular game at the moment, and that's where everyone is making their money. Here is Roblox 99 Nights. There is 600,000 players online right now. Open up the game, and I will meet you guys back once the game's open. Now, this is a very simple kids game and it is all on Roblox. You can get this game for free and you can log on and make videos right away. There's no barrier to entry. All you need to do is know how to play Roblox. And honestly, in this video, maybe you'll learn how to play the game while I'm doing it. So, what we're going to do is find a Roblox video online that we want to copy and we're going to get into the game and literally just copy the video word for word. I already have a video in mind, so I'm going to show you guys exactly how I'm going to recreate this video and maybe you guys can do the same. So once we get into the game, we're going to create a party and we're going to do one player of one player so nobody else joins us. And I'm going to tell you guys this now. The game is not super easy and there is a lot of different ways you can use to get better at the game or just completely cheat the game and just get videos done really fast. First I'm going to show you how to do it legit and I'm going to show you the easier ways later on in the video because they are a little bit more difficult. Okay, so now that the game is open, what we're going to do is chop down a couple trees and we're going to get into the game. I'm going to skip to the part where I'm going to make the video real quick, but the start of the game is pretty annoying and takes forever. Okay, so now that we're a little bit more progressed into the game, all you really have to do for this video that I'm going to be making is find a chest and then have a mob chase you and then I will just like yell over the video and I'll show you guys exactly what I mean. I'm going to make my camera smaller just so I can make this video. Here we go. Did I find a chest? Is there a chest in here? No chest. Okay, we need to find a chest for the video. Here we go. Now, this is all you really have to do for the video. I'm going to I'm just going to remake it real quick. It's going to be a little bit cringe, but it makes a lot of money, so I really don't care. Here we go. Oh my gosh, bro. There's a ton of cultist. Okay, I got to get in here. Let me in. Oh my gosh. Where's the chest? Where's the chest? Where's the chest? Here we go. I'm going to go up here. There's got to be a chest up here, bro. Here it is. Here it is. Okay, open the chest. All right, what is in the chest? What's going to be in the chest? Please give me something good, bro. Oh my gosh. Give me something good. Please give me something good. And bro, this is garbage. Oh my gosh, bro. All right, let me see if I can kill him with it. Yo. All right, that's literally all you had to do. Okay, so now I'm going to leave the game and I'm going to open up Premiere Pro and I will meet you guys back again. All right, now that we're in Premiere Pro, I'm going to take the video file that I just recorded. Hopefully I can find it. Okay, it's right here. And I'm going to do this cut right here. Boom. Boom. There we go. Okay, so now we have our video open right here. So what I'm going to do, so I really don't care. So we're going to cut to the part where I start the video. I'm going to make make sure you make your uh quality 1080* 1920 so you can get into the shorts format 1080* 1920. There we go. So we have the shorts format video. We're going to zoom it in just so it's an actual short. Okay. So there we go. And now the next step for this niche is I'm going to add a we're going to leave it like that. We're going to add another copy of the video. Zoom the bottom one in. And then we're going to blur it out. So we're going to do that. Oh my gosh. Press the blur key and we're going to gajge and blur the background. And now the for the next step, what you're going to do is take the Windows button, press the text button, open the transcript, and then you're going to transcribe your video. This is going to get you subtitles. I'm going to teach you guys exactly how to do fast and easy subtitles. This is going to make your guys' videos way better and make them way faster. It's going to take a second and I'll be back when it loads in. All right. So, now that it's loaded in, we're going to do create captions. And then we're going to press this button. And we're going to make the length super small just so it's one text. And then make sure you press the lines for single. You guys can copy my exact settings. And then you're going to press create captions. Once your captions are created, they're going to be right here. You're going to copy them all at the same time. Go to properties and then you're going to change the um the text to whatever you want it to be. So, I'm going to make it that. And then you're going to go up to graphics and titles and press upgrade to graphic. That's going to make it an actual subtitle. Now, what you're going to want to do is take whatever preset for your text you use. I'm going to use jelly pop in. It's going to make it so there's an animation on my video. Watch this. Oh my gosh. Well, there's a ton of cult. >> As you can see, there's now a animation. I'm going to nest all the videos by pressing the nest key. And then I'm going to make or not the videos, the text. And then I'm going to make them larger. Bring them up. And there you go. There. Now you have text done. Oh my gosh. Well, there's a ton of cultist. Okay, I got to get in here. Let me in. Oh my gosh. Where's the chest? Where's the chest? Where's the chest? Here we go. I'm going to go up here. All right. >> There's got to be a chest up here, bro. Here it is. Here it is. Okay. Open the chest. All right. What is in the chest? What's going to be in the chest? All right. Then you're going to cut the video just so the chest opens faster. Going to cut it to here where it says, "Give me something good, please." Which should be good in the chest. Give me something good, please. Give me something good. And bro, this is garbage. My garbage weapon. Let me see if I can kill him with it. Yo. And then you die. And then there you go. That's literally the entire video. You can add some music or something, but I'm not going to add any music. Now, as for making these videos easier to make as you I made that pretty fast, but there's a lot faster ways to do it. And also, sometimes some videos are harder to recreate cuz the game is harder and you have to go farther into the game to beat it. That was just a simple video. There's admin games where you can buy in or you can find an admin game to have admin and you'll literally just be able to get the game done right away. You'll be able to do whatever you want in the game, spawn in whenever you want to make the video easier. It's a little bit difficult and it's very hard to get into. Not many people have it. So that's why the top creators are doing so well because they're able to just recreate these videos over and over and over with the admin commands and the admin game. But yeah, that's how you print on Roblox Faceless. You can also use your voice, your face if you really want to. And I actually offer a program called Double Take where I teach people how to do what I do on YouTube. And if you really want to get into the admin version of the game, I can get you into contact with people in this program and I can show you guys how to do it. There's a lot more that it comes with and it's in the description below. If not, just hit that sub button because I'll really appreciate it and that's all I really care about.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ventura419 [28 likes]: Check out the program!
https://whop.com/doubletake-365e/
https://discord.com/invite/4A55SdYQjk
  2. @Leopliei [2 likes]: unemployed final boss
  3. @zerosama872: how much views did this short get?
  4. @vdxt_clipz235: You can pick a niche like Horror and just stick with that right any viral games would be fine right bro ? Even put viral non copyright tiktok sounds as well to help gain views
  5. @BlockTalk_0: Bro not sleep look a his eye
  6. @Gamingmaster954k: can i do that editing on mobile
  7. @JosephJoeRblx: Anyone wanna Collab
  8. @BluedevilALT: Is 99 nights sponsor of this video?
  9. @JHNGLRO: keep it up guys, we can do this!🔥

👇
  10. @1rvyze: How are you earning $10K /month with Roblox niche? What's the math? Don't entertainment channel earn less per mille?
  11. @LeanneE-g9m: Yo man what recording software do you use?
  12. @GioRankings: thanks bro
  13. @NoobieGameer: Who start youtube in 2026 ?
  14. @NinjaboyAdam456: Thanks man I’m gonna try this
  15. @DreamLineRPM: Just started this week !! Good luck to all of us !💪🔥😁
  16. @BarelyDocumentedYT: i'm getting like 6 impression and it's been almost a week, i wonder when my channel gonna blow up:(
  17. @driftfeedd: straight to it 😭😭😭😭😭😭 right into the persona
  18. @OGdarknessG0D: Kaise ho
  19. @rorobux: 🎉
  20. @cultclasss: how do i get the jelly pop up preset

- How To Actually Make Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en This is a channel that my friend ran, which is now completely dead. Our goal was to reach a 100,000 subscribers, and we did. But now views are down, revenue is basically zero, and he hasn't posted in over 2 months. I want to fix that. So, in this video, I'm going to try to create a short for him that gets at least 3 million views to set his channel back on the right track and show you exactly how I did it. No gatekeeping. Okay, so this is the current state of the Pushing Positivity channel. We are barely pulling in 50k views a day. The revenue is zero and we have lost all momentum. Compared to earlier this year when the channel was literally pulling a 100 million views a month. This is not good. But of course, I have a plan. What nobody understands on social media is that videos get pushed out based on how good they are. It's so simple. Great videos over time will always go viral. which means that I'm about to spend a ton of time looking at what's worked on the channel in the past, what hasn't, current trends, and also what's doing good in our niche right now. Basically, I'm going to craft a mega banger. After lots of hours of grinding, I have officially cooked up a six-step master formula to make a short on this channel go viral. You probably think that I'm going to start with ideation and I'm going to tell you to get a very good video idea off the top of your head. But to be honest, if you do this, you are absolutely cooked. Having a good idea is incredibly important, but the step that you actually need to start with to make a viral video is analytics. YouTube literally tells you what you need to fix to make your video go viral. Look at this. This video that I posted did horribly. Can you guess why? It's because the video was dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] When I was making it a while back, I thought that people would actually care about Kaisenat's car collection, but they don't. And the way that I presented the information made people care even less. On top of that, my audio sucked, which is why the retention took a super huge dive 4 seconds into the video because literally everybody was scrolling away. If you don't have a video uploaded yet, you can skip this step for now and just make the best video that you possibly can. You can literally get a video up within an hour using the V-Max Remix feature. Right now, I'm going to go through the analytics on the Pushing Positivity channel to try to find a video with really good retention stats that I can go off of. Let's get cooking. Okay, this video about Kaisenat and his best friend Ray going missing performed really, really well on the channel before. And I think that these analytics are absolutely perfect to go off of for this next video that we're about to make. I think that this video did good because people know who Kais and Ray are and the hook was implying that something bad happened to their friendship. I'm going to keep that in mind. But also, this video is 55 seconds long and has a 50-second average view duration, which is crazy. So, I think if there's like a longer story where we're implying that something bad happened and we can deliver on that, then this will do really good. Also, this was one of the first videos posted on the Pushing Positivity channel, which is why it's only made 400 bucks because it wasn't even monetized when it blew up. Okay, so knowing this, now we are good to go to the next section. Take a look at these two videos because there's a problem here. >> Aisha Speed just got in a fight with his brother. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU, BRO? >> DO YOU KNOW HOW MR. Beast made $250,000 in 1 minute? You might think that because I'm talking about Mr. Beast, who is more famous than Kaisenat, that video would do better. But you're wrong. I thought that people would care about Mr. Beast's financial situation, but it turns out that most shorts viewers absolutely do not. The first video about speed performed about 100 times better than the Mr. Beast one because the idea was 100 times better. This is the first rule of good ideas. people need to actually care about. But having an idea that people just care about isn't enough. You have to fill a gap in the market. In social media, the easiest way to make viral content is to make content for audiences that are starving for it. The whole goal here is to find ideas that your viewers haven't been shown before, which in our streamer niche is streamer stories that happen every day. So, since we've already established in the previous section that I'm going to do some sort of video about like what happened to Kaisnat's best friend, Ray, I'm going to look for similar video ideas that fit that narrative. Okay, I have cooked up a banger. I was strategically doom scrolling and I came across the story about how Kai and Ray are beefing and this hasn't been covered on any channel in our niche yet. Usually to find banger video ideas, I come across them strategically doom scrolling or I'm using the oneplus 1 equals 2 method where I mix two concepts together or I am using the zoen twist method where I steal something that's already worked and change it by 5%. I am super confident that we have a banger idea now. So on to the next section. If you are currently making content on social media, I want you to open up your analytics right now and look at your most recent retention graph. You will see that you probably have what I call the 4se secondond drop. This is by far the most common reason why your videos aren't going viral. And you can fix this with good script writing. Let's look at the script for the primitive survival fakes video that I showed you before because it has one of the flattest retention graphs that I have ever seen. Okay, wait. I'm going to pull this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. These primitive survival videos are fake. The first sentence of your video sets an expectation in the viewer's head for what's to come. And this does go back to ideiation, but this specific first sentence, I'm breaking the connotation of these primitive survival videos being fake that the viewer have already seen before. You literally want to use as little words as possible to be able to set this expectation and then set up for the direct next sentence. See, in this video where two guys turn dirt into an underground house and swimming pool, there's seven different things to prove that the build was staged. Okay, this is an absolute master class and you should lock in. The first half of this sentence feels like you are directly getting into the video and delivering on the promise that you set in the hook. And then the second half of the sentence is a rehook that sets up the rest of the video. Since I'm saying there's seven things that prove that the build was staged, I'm literally setting it up to be like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 for the payoff right at the end. And once you get to this point, you are invested completely and there's no way that you're scrolling. This is called a listical structure, and it's one of the many storytelling frameworks that we've picked up on over making thousands and thousands of shorts, but this one works really well. There's parts of the video where you can see excavator marks, paint cans, and cement bags. But if that doesn't convince you that the build isn't real, then maybe the actual excavator or truck that they forgot to edit out will change your mind. Okay, so this is obviously a run-on sentence, but I wanted to do this on purpose to deliver on the first three right away. So, just like 1 2 3, boom. You know that I am delivering on what I'm talking about. The language that I'm using here implies that in the coming sentences, there's going to be more and more obvious stuff that show why this video was fake. So once again, it's just a rehook to get them to keep watching. The cherry on top is the not so primitive gasoline that they used to light the fire and then the part of the video where they accidentally included a guy in a white shirt working on the build in the background. So subscribe if you think the videos are fake. We're literally just continuing the progression here. And once again, the goal was to not only just say this stuff in the script, but also show what I was talking about visually on screen. So, we're like circling the guy in the white shirt working on the build in the background. I did a subscriber bait hook at the end of the video, which I do not recommend most people do if you're wanting to make money, but that did lead to us getting over 250,000 subscribers from that one video. I got incredibly nerdy about that script breakdown, just so you guys can understand how much I really care about all of the little details here, because that's what makes or breaks the video. So, now I'm going to chef up a banger script for this Kaisenat and Ray video. >> One eternity later. >> I have cooked. What happened to Kaisenat and Ray? Like I was talking about before, this sets the expectation that something happened to their friendship that the viewer hasn't seen yet. And then for the pushing positivity niche specifically, using actual streamer clips to prove your point helps a lot. >> What is wrong with you? You off some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> This proves that the expectation I set in the hook is not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And it adds some curiosity to keep the viewer watching. See, Kai is currently streaming every day for Mafiaon 3, but his relationship with Ray has gone completely wrong. I'm using that same format where the first half of the sentence gets directly into the video and feels like I'm paying off the hook, and then the second half is a rehook. I'm saying like it went completely wrong. See, when Ray first appeared in the Mafia thon, everything was going well, but there's three things to prove that Ry hates Kai. This is setting up that listical scripting format that I just nerded out about on the primitive survival video, which I think will be absolutely fire here because you guys will see what's coming. First is when Kai got [music] extremely upset at Ray and called him out in front of everybody for sleeping way too long. >> This is just the delivery one of the listical format. But the reason why this is so good is because I have clips for all three of these that prove what I'm talking about. >> You can visibly see that Ray was upset and everyone in the chat was saying that Ray might be depressed. But that's not all. Next is when Kind the boys were driving home from the theme park and all they were doing was eating hamburgers, but Kai started yelling at Ray for having no manners. >> Once again, this is delivery two of the listical format. And then we have a clip that perfectly fits what I'm talking about here to back it up. The cherry on top happened just yesterday when Kai was talking to his stream and saying that Ray might have left the Mafia thon. And then here for this third delivery, as the video is wrapping up, I want to end it as abruptly as possible to give people no time to scroll away, which is exactly what we're doing. If you remember, the video that performed really well before was 55 seconds long, which is why I altered the scripting format slightly from the Primitive Survival Fakes video so that we could get a longer video here. When you're recording videos, literally all you have to remember is three things. The first is that casual is always better. I made this mistake more than anybody else, especially when I started making videos where I have to get into this recording voice and I have this enthusiastic personality and it's just not good. No audience really wants to watch that. It's inauthentic and you can still speak with excitement, just not with this like screaming over-the-top recording voice. [music] The second is that you don't even really need to voice over things anymore. Here's a hook from a video that was completely made with AI. This is a strange species of seaweed and you won't believe what locals do with it. >> We train these voices that would specifically perform well in videos in our tool VMAX. So, if you're interested in that, go check it out. And finally, you do not need a fancy microphone like I have. You can literally just record videos on your phone that go viral. If you think that your audio isn't good enough, you can run it through something like Adobe Podcast to make it sound absolutely insane. We have the exact Pushing Positivity voice clone in V-Max. So, I'm going to spend like 5 minutes to try to oneshot this right now. Most people overco complicate and don't understand what good editing is. But I think that I can explain it to you in under a minute. If I could boil down good editing into one sentence, it would be think about what your viewer wants to see and give it to them. Here, look at this. Sam Sulick, the gym influencers most popular video, has 4.6 million views and is an hour long. In total, there are 14 cuts in the video, which averages out to one cut every 4 minutes. The comments absolutely love this because the less you edit the videos, the more authenticity there is. And they're clicking for the authenticity. Now, when you compare this to a Mr. Beast intro, WHO WOULD WIN IN A GAME OF TOGA WAR, THE STRONGEST MAN ON EARTH, OR [screaming] 100 KIDS? >> They're both clearly trying to accomplish different things, but they work because they're giving the audience exactly what they want. I have a super secret document that I send to all of my editors to make sure that my videos come back as bangers. I'm about to send this pushing positivity video off to get edited right now. So, I want to leak the four main things that are in this document. The first is variety of visuals. So, making sure that the viewer always has something to look at. Usually, we're rotating out the B-roll every.75 seconds. And whenever I talk about something in the script, I always want to show it visually on screen super obviously. So, we're using arrows, circles, zooms to accomplish that. The second thing is continuity. There should be absolutely nowhere for the viewer to click off. Continuity does go into the idea, scripting, and execution of the video, but it's only in editing where you'll actually be able to see if the video flows or not. Oftentimes, it doesn't, and we'll go back in and re-record voice lines or change the script or something like that. Basically, if the video feels like it's edited when the viewer is watching, then you are cooked. The third thing in this document is sound design, which is way more important than you probably realize. Specifically, when editing voiceover lines, I ask all of our editors to put my voice over on two separate tracks so they flow into each other. You probably don't even realize it, but on videos like this one right now, the editors are absolutely cheffing on the sound design. Here's an amazing example from one of my roommate Dean's recent videos. And then the last thing and most important that we focus on in editing is what I call the insane first 4 seconds. I said before that to fix the drop off in the first 4 seconds, the idea, visuals, audio, and hook all need to be aligned. And then you need to directly deliver on the payoff of the video in the next sentence, wasting absolutely no time. In the video that we're cooking on right now, we're going to make it seem like something bad happened to Kin Ray's friendship. We're going to play a clip to prove that, and then we're going to get directly into the video with no time wasted. Because I am lazy, I'm going to have an editor chef this video up in Viewmax and then react to the video when I get it back. >> All right, I got the video back and I am about to watch it for the first time. What happened to Kaisenette and Ray? >> What is wrong with you? You awesome. See, Kai is currently streaming every single day for Mafiaon 3, but his relationship with Ry has gone completely the Mafiaon, everything was going well. But there's three things to prove that Ry hates Kai. First, when Kai got extremely upset at Ray and called him out in front of everybody for sleeping way too long. >> You've been sleeping how long, Ray? Ry might be depressed. But that's not all. Next is when Kai and the boys were driving home from a theme park and all they were doing was eating hamburgers. But Kai started yelling at Ry for having no manners. >> You need a hardcore reset in Taiwan. >> The cherry on top happened just yesterday when Kai was talking to his stream and saying that Ry might have left the Mafiaon. >> That is perfect. The video turned out to be 41 seconds, which is slightly shorter than I wanted, but I think that'll still work. I think that since the channel has no momentum right now, this video might sit at low views for a couple of days before spiking up. But I hope that it just instantly gets like 10 billion views. Most people that start YouTube channels severely underestimate the amount of volume that you need to do to break out of view jail. If you followed the formula that I showed in this video 50 times and actually tried making your videos better each time, you would 100% see some success. The issue is that literally nobody anymore can upload for that long without seeing any success and they freak out after a week of uploading with zero views. I'm about to upload this video and there is no special trick. It doesn't matter if you're on an aged account or if you've heated it up in the comments or anything like that. The only driver that matters to getting views and making money on social media is if the content is actually good or not. Okay, so I'm just going to upload this right now and give it a simple title like what happened to Kaiat and Rey. Okay, and boom, it is uploaded. I will check back in with you guys in a couple of days for the results. [laughter] I have some news for you. It has been a month. 4.3 million views, 2,000 subscribers gained, $650 made. Okay, so right away 15 hours in, this video had like 170,000 views. And then over the next couple days, it just blew up past the goal of 3 million. It has a 40 second average view duration on a 42 second long video. And it has an 8515 swipe rate, which is really, really good. Something that did kind of annoy me is the drop off here, like right after 4 seconds. I was preaching about fixing that 4 secondond drop off, and I still had a slight drop off here. I know that people are going to get mad at me for doing this on an already successful channel, but if you go back and look, we use this exact same playbook to start this channel from zero to making over a,000 bucks a day. If you want to make viral shorts, like in this video, we built the exact template in vmax.io. And if you want to ask me any questions, you can look at the professional plan in V-Max, which gives you access to the private community [music] where I respond to literally everybody. Thank you and have an amazing day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LucBoulch [55 likes]: Checkout viewmax to make viral videos: http://viewmax.io/?ref=luc

We also just dropped an ai caption remover (vid coming soon) that saves you a ton of time when finding b-roll.
  2. @CERBES_EDITZ: U look like that one guy in the michael jackson beat it video
  3. @Zynapses: Umm so how do i get viral with my type of shorts? 🫣
  4. @reset.editxx: nobody's appreciating the amount of value this guy given in a single video
I've seen countless videos similar to this
where every guys is speaking bs
this guy is straight dropping diamonds
  5. @KelsiCatina: “Too clean 😮”
  6. @KelsiCatina: “Well done 💯”
  7. @Chispa_Facts-2: Rsly
  8. @Simphassan: I'm small creator. Every video I create got 30k views
  9. @MonicaBlancheBustillo: Small content creators gather up ❤
  10. @Mr.Diabetes001: I have diabetes
  11. @Auto-Official-v6b: I need just 1000 folowers mate😢
  12. @CarrnageGaming: We will get the. Just keep grinding!
  13. @AsherLovesPop: But 50k views a day for a channel that hasn’t posted for 2 months is quite good. I would love that 😮
  14. @chuckkanuk: I agree with this guy about writing a script and getting things in line before you hit record. If you fail to prepare your preparing for failure.
  15. @DMDDogs: Please can you teach me how to edit give me ur email address so that I can text you
  16. @desirankzila: bwtter
  17. @ZeroToViralreel: Thanks bro for the tips .
 new channel still at  9 views 0 subs
  18. @ChinBot: wait but I cant even use the viewmax or smth ceuase its not acutally free And I dont have enuf money to buy the thing :P
  19. @LastFrame-archive: I pray we all get to where we want to be (wish me luck :p)
  20. @Pixelated-Builders: is this notluc

- I Built a Viral YouTube Channel in 4 Days  (No Luck Involved): Kind: captions Language: en This is the short channel that I started 4 days ago and the results I got was absolutely insane and I want you to do the same. So, today I'm going to show you my exact workflow without gatekeeping anything so that you can start this today. It's just been a few hours since I uploaded my second video and it has gained 1,300 views so far. This method is working, so don't skip anything. Selecting the niche. After doing some research, I found this viral niche which actually has a future on YouTube and just filtering by popularity, you can see that these videos are getting millions of views. But there was one problem. There were a lot of new channels popping up everywhere and doing the same thing >> [music] >> and they were all covering the same topics. So, I don't think entering this facts niche would be a good idea. So, what I did was I took this viral 3D animation style and combined it with low competitive pre- historic niche. Channels like Extinct Zoo are getting millions of views, but their animation style is different. So, my plan is [music] to dominate this niche with 3D animation short videos and I want to make high-quality videos like Zach D. Films. But the issue is I don't know how to animate and I don't want to spend thousands of dollars on animators. >> That's why I decided to use AI for this process. Starting the channel. I had a channel that I created last year. To avoid shadow ban, [music] I used this channel instead of creating a new one. So, I decided to change its name to Primodiaks and the profile picture and banner image that you are seeing are generated using AI. I didn't spend hours on this process. It took me like 10 minutes to set this up. However, there are some crucial things we need to do before we start to upload. The first one is adding channel tags. These are basically keywords relevant to my niche. I got these keywords from Chat GPT, so that's not a big deal. Then, I went to the intermediate features and verified my phone number. Make sure to do these things when you create your channel. Now, let's start what you all been waiting for, video creation. Okay, I didn't want to make some mid-level video. I want it to be the best. >> So, that's why I decided to study the best two channels under these niches, Zack D. Films and Extinct Zoo. After studying these channels, I understood some valuable information. Every viral video has the same structure. If you watch just two or three videos, you wouldn't notice it, but if you watch enough, you will slowly understand what makes these videos go viral. Zack D.'s video starts with a hook, or I would rather say a shocking statement or question. Something like, "This is the most dangerous animal ever." or "You've been breathing wrong your entire life." The rule here is, no intro, no greeting, no context, >> just shock. This happens around the first 5 seconds. Then, in the next 25 seconds, he explained that shocking statement [music] or question in a very simple manner. The goal here is to deliver fast with cool 3D animations. Then, he finishes the video with a twist. The goal here is to leave the viewer stunned. [music] This is an already working structure. This is the most viral video on his channel, and this comment says, "Why is this animation kind of oddly satisfying?" Which means people love this animation style. And this comment says, "I like how straight to the point this video was." This is the main reason why these videos are getting millions of views. That's why I have to apply this to my channel as well. So, [music] now we know how to make our video script, but the problem is we still don't have a video idea. So, I went to [music] Extinct Zoo channel and watch most viral videos on this. And it helped me to understand which sort of topics are getting more views. So, I went [music] to Chat GPT and inserted all the viral topics into it and asked it to generate 20 short video ideas based [music] on the given viral topics. And here are the results I got. Now, it's time to apply the structure we learned earlier to these topics and create the video script. To make everything easier, I created a detailed structure that I can use as a prompt so that I can easily generate a script using Chat [music] GPT with this prompt. But hear me out, I'm not a fan of 100% AI-generated scripts. Therefore, I'm going to change at least 70% of it after it's generated. The reason is I want these videos to be authentic. And the YouTube algorithm doesn't like 100% AI-generated videos. [music] Recently, they have been demonetizing a lot of AI video channels, and I don't want to take chances. That's why I'm going to convert this script into my own [music] words. Now, it's time to make the voice-overs. You already know what I'm going to use. It's Eleven [music] Labs. For this video, we need to go with an energetic voice. Let me show you a method to make your voice more [music] realistic. Once you add your script and select the AI voice you want, make sure to select this 11 V3 model. With this model, you can create a natural and 99% realistic AI voice for your script. [music] But make sure to add exclamation marks, commas, and emphasize the text. Then you can easily make a super realistic AI voice-over. >> I'm not going to talk much about this process because it's not a big deal. The main issue that [music] I faced was making the visuals for our video. After trying several methods, I was able to make a perfect video. Before I show you how I did that, check this example video I created. Everyone thinks T-Rex was the most dangerous predator ever. Meet Spinosaurus. Longer than T-Rex, heavier, and built like a living weapon. With a crocodile-like skull and bone-crushing jaws, it hunted on land and in water. Then there's Giganotosaurus. Even if this name sounds like a meme, this one was faster, more aggressive, and likely hunted in packs. And don't forget Carcharodontosaurus, named after the great white shark for a reason. If these predators ever faced T-Rex, he wouldn't be the hunter, he'd be the prey. I want to know your opinion on this. What do you think about it? Give me a number out of 10. I really want your feedback. Here is what I did. First, I need to get this unique 3D look, just like it's made with Blender. [music] And finally, I created a prompt for that. What you need to do is go to ChatGPT and paste this prompt, and then simply ask it to refer to this prompt when creating the prompts for the given scenes. Then we need to enter the scenes we want. In our video script, the first scene goes like this. Insects once ruled the sky, and they were huge. For this part, I'm going to make a scene where huge dragonflies are flying over a lake. So, I'm going to enter this into the chat. Huge gigantic dragonflies flying around a lake in the prehistoric age. They are very big than usual. Background is blue. And as soon as I hit the enter, I'm going to get this detailed prompt. Now, you can use any [music] AI video generator to generate these scenes. My favorite is aivideo.com. With this AI, you can get access to all the latest AI video models. I will leave the link in the description with some promo codes. [music] Once you sign up, you need to go to this create new option and select the AI editor option. Okay, this is where I'm going to generate all the videos. First, I'm going to make the images, and then I'm going to convert them into videos. >> So, let's go with this image option, and let's set the aspect ratio to vertical, and we just need to select a latest [music] AI model to generate a better image. Let's go with Nano Banana, because it's the best one so far. And let's paste the prompt we created, and that's it. Okay, this image looks good to me, and now I'm going to select this image to video feature. And we can add this image here by dragging it like this. And I'm just going to type "Dragonflies are flying around." And we have all the latest AI video models. Even Kling 3 is available here. I want to go with Kling 3, but I don't have a lot of credits. So, let's go with Kling 2.5. Then let's set the duration to 5 seconds, and we are good to go. Okay, this is the video I got. It's good. [music] Now, let's make the second scene. I'm going to go back to ChatGPT and type "A big prehistoric ant, solid blue background." That's how easy it is to make a detailed prompt with this method I showed you. Now, we just need to copy this prompt. Process is the same as before. I'm going to generate the image first, then convert it into a video. All I have to do is repeat this process [music] and generate all the scenes necessary. Okay, this second scene is perfect. It looks like it was created using Blender. This is so good. Okay, I spent several minutes and generated all the scenes. And let's download all the clips. I'm going to use CapCut to create the final output. So, I started a new project on CapCut and imported all the video clips and voice files. I'm going to click this modify button, and let's set the aspect ratio to 9 by 16. First, I'm going to add the voice to the timeline. >> Then we just need to add the video clips in the correct places to match the video script. This process is going to take around 2 minutes. After that, it would be better if we add some transitions in between these clips. I like these glitch transitions. So, let's add some free transitions. Then I generated auto captions by going into this text feature, and I used some cool text animations for that as well. We are not done yet. We need to add one more thing. Sound effects. Sound effects is the most important feature that's going to make your video more alive. You can use a website like Pixabay [music] to download sound effects for free. Or Epidemic Sounds is the one I'm using, but it's not free. Make sure to add suitable sound effects such as screams, growlings, and footsteps. It's going to make your video more alive. After that, my video is completed. All I got to do is upload [music] this to my channel. Insects once ruled the sky, and they were huge. 300 million years ago, the air had way more oxygen. It was thick and heavy. That extra oxygen let insects grow massive. Dragonflies had wingspans over 2 ft wide. Some look like flying eagles. Giant millipedes grew longer than a couch. They moved through swampy forests like armored trains. The ground was always crawling. This was long before dinosaurs. The real giants had six legs. Imagine looking up and hearing wings that loud. After uploading that video, I got 1,500 views and one subscriber within just 9 hours. That's not bad. The average percentage viewed is 106%, which is really good. I strongly believe that this video is going to make at least 100,000 views a month. And if you think these are fake views, let me show you the analytics. And here, let's check the reach. As you can see here, 96% of the views are coming from short feed. So, I think this method [music] is working. I'm going to upload videos every day and let's see the results in a month. So, till then, I wish you the best [music] of luck. I will see you guys in a month with the second part of this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrowWithKaz [51 likes]: Make this as a prompt "T-rex dinosaur in a solid  blue background, side view, Semi realistic, 3-D render came engine cut scene style() small texture, subtle reflections, slightly uncanny faces"
  2. @BareBonesAnatomy [3 likes]: Today im also started to make this type or videos and uploaded but 0 subscribers 😢
  3. @VaibhavShewale [1 likes]: lol what a scam
  4. @rank.system: 2/10
  5. @pusibuuts: Lankaveda bn uba?
  6. @DankaiMemes: bad for shorts but good for long form btw
  7. @OceanVideos-p2s: where is a prompt
  8. @skeleshortzzz: Bro that's crazy channel idea, i wish i would've gotten that idea 5 days ago 🤦‍♂
  9. @RIzz-Editg: But i think in YouTube long form the idea is everything to go viral i think 90% idea and 10 % editing
  10. @tokyoooo123: your channel doesn't have a single video that crosses 100k views in it how you gonna teach us?
  11. @baldguy-n2y: Bro are you sri lankan
  12. @Zoo_Mystery: Thanks for that
  13. @clay-man_films: 6:15 I think the voice over on this short video is bad, the voice-over on this longform is actually very good especially for that type of content. My thoughts
  14. @Rudranarayanmohanty-w2l: I will give 8/10 because the animation is not smooth it is lightly laggy
  15. @MixTale_Animations: Nice
  16. @KHOONIWEDNESDAY-c2l: 10/10
  17. @JOYDROP-EP: Meow
  18. @VivaanChaudhary_06: good
  19. @UnethicalUniversity: Is it free though?
  20. @ail-c8s2g: Primordiax

- 𝘿𝙤𝙣’𝙩 𝙗𝙚 𝙥𝙖𝙣𝙞𝙘 𝙞𝙣 𝙡𝙤𝙤𝙨𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙨𝙞𝙩𝙪𝙖𝙩𝙞𝙤𝙣#shorts: Kind: captions Language: en myself [Music] expired

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rahul_1677 [1 likes]: Skills Toh Mere Paas Bhi Hai Lekin Koi Video Dekhta Hi Nahi Hai 😔😁😁😁😁😁😂
  2. @Abhislam: Aim🔥🔥
  3. @asPiRant-c1z: Op 🔥
  4. @MENACEGOD: Gg
  5. @anosop: Gg brother ❤️

- I posted the same video to Reels, TikTok and Shorts. Here’s what happened.: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, so for the last six months, I've been posting the same short form videos to Reels, TikTok, and Shorts, and I've been noticing some interesting patterns that I think reveal how to grow on all three of these platforms using just one strategy. I was not expecting this. If there's any reason not to just post the exact same content across all three short form video platforms, it would basically be this. These results are the most confounding. What are we actually gonna do about it? Let's take a look at the numbers. I have collected the data across Reels, TikTok, and Shorts, and we're gonna compare it all together here. One important disclaimer here first though, you'll notice through the case studies that my content is kinda all over the place, and I want you to know that's intentional. In addition to posting my normal creator tips stuff, I've also been doing a bunch of van life and travel content as well. Going into the summer, I intentionally wanted to experiment a little bit. Just because it's fun, it's a creative refresh, but I also think it's gonna be really interesting to compare the performance, not only across these three platforms, but also how it's impacted by different niches. However, first and foremost, we're gonna get into my good old classic content, which is like creator tips, with a series of short form videos that I did that I'm calling the influencer camera angles series. This was a series of short form videos where I attempted to, in, I hope, a humorous way, explain the strategy and psychology behind the camera angles that content creators use in their videos. So this graph shows you how the performance of these short form videos compares to one another. You can see the red line here represents the views that we got on YouTube Shorts. Purple is for Instagram and blue is for TikTok. Now, you can obviously see right off the bat that that very first YouTube Short blew the rest out of the water, which makes it kind of difficult to compare, so I made another version of this graph. Just know that that YouTube Short, like it's way off the chart. And I think there's a lot of interesting variation here that we can dive into. Obviously, the first column represents that first video, second one, the second, and the third, the final video. Now, I wanna talk about how the performance on these different platforms compares to each other, but first, let's dive into the specifics of reels. The first reel in this series got 315,000 views, the second, 453K, and the third, 131K. Now, to be fair, all of these videos performed exceptionally well compared to my typical average, but we can see that the second video here definitely did the best. The final video here having the lowest views makes a lot of sense to me. Like I would have expected with a series like this for the first one to go off with a bang and then the rest to just kind of slowly fade. You know, sequels are never as good as the original, right? But I find it fascinating that here on Instagram that actually wasn't the case. The first video definitely did really well. We can't deny that. But the second one performed even better. Now, of course, we know that views are not the entire story and when it comes to posting reels, we're always gonna be wondering, well, how many followers did this actually get me? So let's take a look at some screenshots from my Instagram insights. So what I've included here is obviously the view count, but I've also put below how many followers followed me from that reel. This percent value below is the conversion rate. Now, in this case, I actually calculated the conversion rate based on the non-follower views, knowing that obviously if somebody's already following me and they watch my reel, they can't follow me again, right? So I'm curious how many of the non-followers actually converted into being new followers. You can see that each of these reels performed the best in different categories. So this first one here on the left, this was the one that had the highest number of my existing followers watching my content. The second one came in with the most views, like I mentioned before. And the third one, curiously, has the highest conversion rate, which we're gonna talk about again in a second. I think the most crucial thing to mention here is that view rate. So for the first two, I've included screenshots of the comparison between the view rate of my followers and non-followers. Unfortunately, for some reason, my Instagram insights wasn't showing me this graph for the third video. So we just have like the average of everybody's view rate here. It's curious to me that in both of the cases of these first two reels, my non-followers actually had a longer view duration than my existing followers. So like, I'm low key kind of hurt guys. Like, how come these strangers are more interested in me than people that are already following? I mean, who knows? But what we can definitely see here is having a high view rate is directly correlated to the algorithm recommending your content more. And it seems to me that potentially even the view rate of non-followers is more important to the algorithm than the view rate of your followers. Because if you think about it, it should be more difficult to get people that aren't already following you to watch for longer because your followers are already interested in who you are. They're more sympathetic to you than just strangers. If you're able to keep a complete stranger, like a non-follower engaged for longer, that's a really good sign that the content is good. So for both of these reels, we have a view rate of over 70%, which obviously compared to my average is quite good. The thing that confused me the most when I was first comparing these stats is the fact that the third video has the highest conversion rate. You can see it got me over 1200 new followers and it has just 130K views compared to that first video with over 300K views that only got me 400 new followers. And here's my theory on that. My thought is for non-followers who saw this third video, maybe their algorithm had already served them video one and video two. Potentially they even liked those videos or engaged with them, which is why the algorithm showed them the third episode. And so then by the time they see video number three and they enjoy it, then they're convinced to actually hit the follow button because they've seen me a couple of times before. It's kind of like the old marketing philosophy that somebody needs to hear about something seven times before they actually buy it. In this case, somebody needs to see a random girl on their Instagram reels feed three times before they decide to follow. I have no way of knowing if that's actually the case, but that would make sense to me. And I think that's a really good reason to consider making a series like this. Cause the other thing is too, people are more willing to follow you if when they go over to your profile, they see that you've made similar videos to the one that they just enjoyed because then they feel that trust that they're gonna see more stuff from you that they like. Little did the people who followed me from these reels know that I was about to just go crazy with random content. But anyway, I think what this data teaches us is really two main things. One, retention is everything, especially if you can get non followers to watch your reel for longer. That's the key to doing really well in the algorithm. Second thing, if you can make some kind of series so you can show up to those same non followers multiple times, that's a really great way to convert people to becoming followers. Next, I wanna talk about YouTube shorts where I by far got the most views. The first short came in at a whopping 1.9 million views, which is extremely good for me. Like this YouTube short is now in my top performing YouTube shorts of all time. The second one followed up at a comparatively lower 156K views, though I do just wanna say that would still be really good for me for YouTube shorts generally. It just goes to show how well that first one performed that like 156K views can feel like not very much. And then the third one came in at a modest 28K views. This view trajectory makes a lot of sense to me because again, the sequels are never as good as the original, right? So it makes sense that the first one would do well and the second two maybe not as much. But I think what we're all really interested in here is how do this sudden influx of shorts views actually impact my long form viewership? At least in my mind on Instagram with reels, the goal is to gain followers and grow your community. My goal with YouTube shorts anyway, is to get those viewers to watch my long form stuff. Because we all know that long form views is basically where the money is. And it's also where my passion is. Like I love long form videos more than I like short form, both to watch and to make myself. But also you earn way more AdSense per view on long form videos than the brand deals pay better, whatever. So for most creators, the goal is to use your YouTube shorts to promote your long form stuff. So let's take a look inside YouTube studio, shall we? And we'll see what the impact actually was. Just a note about this, the only way to see like short form viewers converting to long form viewers is via the related video feature. So if you don't know, this is a little link that you can add to your YouTube shorts that you can link to your other YouTube content. So if somebody's watching your short, they'll see that related video linked at the bottom and then they can tap on that to go watch it if they want. So to find that, we're gonna go inside YouTube studio and click on analytics of course. For the sake of this example, we're gonna change our date range to May because that's when I had these videos really pop off. And dang, you can see May was a really good month for me. Like 4.2 million views. That's a lot for me in one month. So pop off May. If we click over to the content tab and we switch over to videos, you'll see, yeah, that was majority shorts views. That's where that was coming from. Okay, now that we're in the videos tab, if we scroll down to this section here, how viewers find your videos and we click on see more, then we can go down here to related shorts. And that's where we're gonna get our data about how many people tapped on our little related linked videos on our shorts. And as you can see out of over 3 million shorts views in the month of May, that generated me just over a thousand long form views. That's not exactly what I would call a good conversion rate. Now, one thing that I did wanna point out here, if we actually look at what these videos are and we compare my like second highest to third highest, you can see they're generating right in the same range of long form views, like 100 to 85. It's not that big of a difference. But what I find really fascinating is if we actually look at the viewership of these shorts, because this short here, that short actually has 156,000 views and the one below it, which generated almost the same long form views, like in the same range, has 23,000 views. So obviously this video here had a much better conversion rate. And I think the difference is that video there is actually a cut down from one of my long form YouTube videos and at the end, there's a very clear call to action that says, watch the long form video to see the full tutorial. Moral of the story, videos that are designed to do well as short form content as short form content will will also perform well on YouTube shorts, of course, but they might not be so great at actually getting you what you probably want, which is views on your long form videos. your long form videos. Okay, now let's take a look at how those same videos performed on TikTok. As you can see, the general view trajectory follows a pretty similar pattern to YouTube shorts. Our first TikTok came in at 761,000 views. The second one at 31,000 views. So that's like quite a big dip. And the third one came up a little bit at 134K views. This first video, definitely a home run. Like that outperforms the majority of my TikToks by a long shot. The second one is more in like normal-ish territory, but still pretty solid. And the third one, definitely like a solid TikTok for me. This one kind of makes more sense to me than the Instagram one, where like the amount of new followers that I gained is a lot more directly correlated to just the popularity of the video itself. And again, I think the main key takeaway, like guys, we can just tell what these algorithms are looking for by the numbers they choose to show us inside the analytics dashboard. The thing that matters is average watch time and whether or not somebody watched the full video. I think if somebody watches your entire TikTok, that is like the gold standard signal to the TikTok algorithm to show that video to more people. So you can see the video that got the most views was the one where the most people watched the full video. Nothing overly surprising to me here. So going back to our overall chart, you can see that there's a little bit of variation, but overall we've got a pretty similar performance here. Now, as much as I love the nerding out about the particulars, and I feel like we could deep dive into this data forever, there's one important thing to mention here. I posted the same three short form videos across reels, TikTok, and shorts. And with some variation, they performed really well on all three, meaning the TLDR is if it performs really well if it performs really well on one platform, on one platform, it'll perform well on all of them. And when I looked back through all the content that I've posted over the past six months or so, that was the case. If I had one video do really well on reels or TikTok, I checked the other platforms and it did better than average there too, with the exception of one really key category. The one exception here being B-roll and trending audio videos. You know, this is like the classic viral reel formula, a seven second B-roll clip, add text on top and throw a trending audio on it. I looked back through all of my content over the past six months and this was a clear trend. These types of videos perform really well on Instagram. That's kind of their home, that's where they're meant to be. They also do decently well on TikTok, like they don't tend to go as viral there, but still solid performers. Meanwhile, over on YouTube shorts, not so much. I do wanna point out one definite exception to that. You can see the video in the bottom right hand corner here. I actually posted pretty much, well yeah, the same video in 2023 and it did 2.4 million views. This is one of my top viewed You can see I tried to replicate the success in 2024 and 6.3K views. There are exceptions to every rule, but generally I really believe this. B-roll and trending audio style short form videos can do really well on Instagram, pretty well on TikTok, but not so great on YouTube shorts. It's my belief that YouTube shorts viewers prefer a more YouTube style of short form content. If you've watched my past Instagram strategy videos before, this is kind of what I refer to as original content as opposed to trending content, meaning these types of videos don't depend on a trending audio. They're gonna be like talking head videos or tutorials or vlogs. Basically the short vertical version of your typical long form YouTube videos, hence YouTube style. So I will admit if there's any reason not to just post the exact same content The type of thing that's kind of your bread and butter top performing content on Instagram and to some extent TikTok. In my experience doesn't do as well on shorts. So personally I've addressed that in my own strategy by simply creating less of those types of videos. Because as you can see, my theory is the YouTube style short form content, it does well on all three platforms. My influencer camera angle series would fall into that category and spoiler alert, the other case studies we're gonna look at would be the same. Meanwhile, those trendy B-roll based videos, I think kind of just do well on Instagram and TikTok. And so you just wanna take that into account when you are building your short form strategy. short form strategy. In just a little bit, I'm gonna break down a few sample content calendars that you can screenshot that kind of address these differences and how you can account for that when you're planning your short form content based on your goals and where you're specifically trying to grow. So we'll address that in just a minute, but I thought first you'd probably wanna know logistically how to post across all these three platforms, especially when there are trending audios in the mix. Okay, before we get into the next case studies, I wanted to show you quickly, logistically how I post my content to all three platforms because yes, I do use trending audios and no, I don't use any kind of automated scheduler. This is a more manual process, but personally, I think it's worth it because it allows you to fully take advantage of the features on each platform. And you just have a little bit more control. So even though it takes extra time, I think it's worth the effort. Okay, because this is the most complex version, I'm gonna show you how I post a video that I wanna use a trending audio for across platforms. This is the video, it's how much we spend in a month living in the van. So first I'm gonna go ahead and open up Instagram. I'm just gonna go press plus to create a new reel and I'm gonna just navigate over to that album. I do have the music already in the background because I edited to the music over in DaVinci Resolve, but I'm gonna relink it by pressing that audio button. And I do have this one saved, it's the disparate youth song by Santagold. Gonna press next and done. And obviously it sounds terrible because the audio is not quite perfectly aligned. So I'm just gonna go into volume here and turn down the volume of my original version to make sure that just the official connected audio is what you're hearing. And then I press next. I keep all of my captions for all my content in Notion. So I'm just gonna go over to my page in Notion here and select it all, just tap select all and then copy. And then I'll go back over to Instagram and add the caption. And of course you gotta add the cover. Basically from there, I'm just gonna save this as a draft. And when I'm ready to post it, I'll go back into my drafts and post it from there on the day that I want it to go live. Same process applies on TikTok. I'm just gonna go here. Select the video. I'm gonna tap on add sound. And honestly, sometimes I will just use the audio that TikTok recommends. I'll mute my original sound. And that way TikTok has already provided me with a perfectly good trending audio that kind of matches with the video. So often that works. If I want something specific though, I'll just go ahead and search up the audio. Once again, I add my caption and then basically just save it as a draft. Finally, the same process applies to YouTube. Literally just go press plus, select the clip from my camera roll. And then I just tap on add sound and search it as well. Press the check mark and next. And when it comes to YouTube shorts, I actually do go ahead and schedule them because it has a really easy built-in scheduler. And yeah, I'm just not as precious about it. Like for whatever reason with Reels and TikTok, I like to go in there and double check it like three times before I press publish. And yeah, that's how I do it. I literally just manually attach the trending audio in every app. And this is the nice thing about creating original content. Like any of those YouTube style original short forms, normally I'll just use background music from Epidemic Sound and then I don't have to fuss with like going to find the trending audio and all these different apps. I can just upload the video and it's ready to go. Okay, we're not gonna dive quite as deeply into these next two case studies because otherwise this video would be like an hour long. But I did just wanna go through these two other examples in slightly different niches because I think it's interesting to analyze how they performed on the different platforms too. So case study number two is a series that I did about shipping my van to Europe, which is where I currently am. Let's take a look at the graph, shall we? Okay, first I just need to address this little asterisk. As much as I really try to remember to post all of my short form content on all three platforms, sometimes I can neglect YouTube shorts, I will admit that. So we just have data on YouTube shorts for that third video because I actually ended up posting the second two a little bit later. So we just, they haven't been posted long enough for it to be like good data in this case. But I thought the differences here in performance between Instagram and TikTok were worth commenting on nonetheless. As you can see in both cases, we started off with a banger hit on Instagram and on TikTok followed up by not as quite successful of a sequel. And I really wanted to dive into this specifically because I think looking at these numbers and learning how to interpret them is really what's gonna allow you to refine your craft as a short form creator. So here are a couple of screenshots comparing that dip on Instagram and trying to figure out why it happened. So you can see on the left here, that's video number one that came in at 103K views. The second one just got 33K views. You can see the first one did so well that I even got this little shout out from Instagram saying new audiences are enjoying this reel. But if we look at the numbers, it becomes really apparent here that reel number one had a view rate of 65% compared to just 52% on reel number two. And as we mentioned before, retention is everything. That's the number one signal that the algorithm is looking for to determine whether to show your video to more people. So now that we know that, now that I have those numbers to prove like, oh, the view rate was lower on my second video. Now I wanna ask myself, why? Why did that first video perform so much better? And the answer that I came up with is that first video has a better hook and it includes more B-roll. Basically, I think that I took less time to get to the point of the video in that first reel. And actually the entire thing is just voiceover with B-roll. I never recorded a talking head video for that. Whereas the second one, it's a lot more of like seeing me talk to the camera. And I do have B-roll there as well. But I think this is a really clear lesson in the importance of engaging people quickly and keeping the visuals dynamic. We saw a similar dip in the performance of these same videos on TikTok. And I think that we have our explanation there. But what's curious to me is the difference between video number three and how it did so well on TikTok yet just kind of like middle-ish on Instagram. So let's investigate that difference. Again, it always comes back to the watch time. Interestingly, on Instagram, this exact same video had an average watch time of nine seconds where over on TikTok, it was 16.2. So like significantly better. As to why, I can only theorize about this, but my thought is I think TikTok gives you more of an opportunity to be shown to brand new viewers who haven't seen you before. And because my existing audience on Instagram for the most part is not following me for van life content. I know that they came to me for my creator tips. I think my watch time on Instagram is lower because of that. Because you can see that over half of the people that watch the real are my existing followers. And if they're not really like that into van life, they might not have watched the video for as long. This kind of brings me to my theory about the key difference between Instagram and TikTok. I kind of believe it's easier to pivot niches on TikTok. And that's because I think that the TikTok algorithm focuses more on individual pieces of content or individual videos and less so on the creator that made it. Like the TikTok algorithm doesn't really care what Katie usually posts about, because it's just taking my video and showing it to the people that it thinks is gonna be most interested. So even if as a creator, you're making a bunch of random different videos, you still have the chance for those individual videos to get an audience. Because I think the TikTok algorithm is just a little bit better at analyzing a piece of content and knowing the audience to match it to. However, the inverse of that is, I think that Instagram offers you a better opportunity to really cultivate a community because Instagram places more emphasis on the creator than on just the individual piece of content. Meaning the content that you make more frequently reaches that same audience, the people who are already following you. And so you're able to show up in their feed more often and build more of a relationship than you are on TikTok. Like we've all had that experience where we find a new creator on TikTok, we like a video from them, and then we never see them again. On Instagram, I think it's just a little bit easier to show up in front of your same viewers again and again, therefore being able to actually establish a community. Basically the impact of that is, TikTok prioritizes discoverability, where Instagram more so prioritizes community. That's not to say it's impossible to have discoverability on Instagram or community on TikTok. I think you definitely can, but I think the way that the algorithms are set up are to prioritize these two different things on each of these platforms. Okay, case study number three is the video that I made about this custom handbag workshop in Edinburgh. Honestly, this is just like a goofy little silly one that I made completely for fun and I was really surprised to see the results because I was not expecting this. This is so outside of my typical niche, like I don't tend to make videos like this, but the people liked it. I think that goes to show that it can sometimes pay off to step outside of your comfort zone and just let your creativity lead you and don't feel like always so stuck in doing the same thing over and over again. So in this case, you can see this video did serious numbers on YouTube shorts. It also did really well for me on Instagram, like 472K. I actually, I took this screenshot a few days ago. I think it's over 500K views now. That is really good for me on Instagram, like really good. On TikTok, still, a mod is showing, but not quite as impressive. That's kind of more like what I would expect on TikTok, like not every single video, but it's good, it's fine. To me, these results are the most confounding. And I think that what it goes to show is sometimes it's just about right place, right time. Because truly there is not one reason here that I can find why it would perform so much better on Instagram than on TikTok. And it's especially surprising to me that it performs so well on YouTube shorts. If anything, I would have expected that a video like this that's kind of random outside of my niche would do the best on TikTok. Because like I was saying, I think the TikTok algorithm treats each piece of content individually. It's more about the video than it is about the creator. This video is a bit of an outlier, but I think it's a good lesson in the fact that sometimes a video's performance is about being in the right place at the right time. And this is why it's worth experimenting, because you never know what's gonna pop off for you. Now that we've discussed the nuances of what type of content performs well on Instagram, TikTok, YouTube shorts, and across all three, what are we actually gonna do about it? Well, I'm gonna make you a content calendar, of course. So I've got a few different content calendars for you to screenshot, and they're based on both what your primary goal is, so basically what platform you care about growing on the most. And I've got an easy and a hard mode for each of them, because you know me, I care about work-life balance. So if all you can manage for now is doing the easy mode, that's totally okay. If you ever wanna take things up a notch and grow a bit faster, then I recommend recommend switching over switching over to that hard mode. Okay, so first up, let's talk about if your goal is YouTube growth. So right here, this is the hard version of the content calendar first. And this is based on you already posting one long form video a week. And of course, our goal here is to increase your views on your long form content. So you're gonna do that by posting a combination of cut downs of your long form video and YouTube style original short form. Let's just do a quick review of terms again to make sure we're clear. First up, we've got cut downs. This is basically shortened little clips or teasers for your long form videos. And I wanna emphasize here, you're not just taking like a 60 second segment from somewhere in the middle of your video, cropping it so it's vertical, and then posting it on these platforms. Instead, you wanna approach this strategically and make sure that you're actually producing something that's interesting to watch on a short form feed. I could probably do a whole deep dive into how to make your cut downs actually interesting because I just feel like a lot of people make boring cut downs of their video, sorry to say. So yeah, that's what I mean by a cut down. Now, a YouTube style original on the other hand, we've been talking about this already, you know, it's like basically a mini YouTube video, could be a vlog, a tutorial, a talking head video, you're providing value and it's not based on like a trend. And of course the most straightforward of the three are trending audio with like a short, you know, B roll clip, probably adding text on screen and it's based on something that's trending right now, obviously. Okay, so back to the content calendar. The key thing here is you're gonna make sure to link a related video on every single one of your shorts. And I think it helps that slow and steady climb of like getting short form viewers over to your long form content. I recommend doing three cut downs because frankly, it's easier than doing like five original videos every week, that's a lot. So you might as well take what you're already making and make it work for you even more. And that leaves you with two more like original style short form videos to fill up the content calendar. And of course, all of this, you're also gonna post on Instagram and TikTok. Now let's talk about easy mode. Basically, this is just decreasing the volume because I know it can be a lot, like that is a lot of videos to make. Even when you're talking about cut downs, just because you're starting from a long form video doesn't necessarily mean that it takes less time because you're really crafting it to work in the short form context. And like, that's a lot of skillful editing that's required. So in this version, you're just gonna do one cut down and one original short form, and of course, syndicate those to the other platforms as well. Okay, but what if your goal is Instagram growth? Cause maybe you don't make long form YouTube videos, so it doesn't matter as much to you. This is what I'm gonna recommend for you. You can see we've brought in the carousel format as well, which I've made an entire video talking about why carousels are so important in the Instagram algorithm these days. And of course, we're gonna incorporate some trend based content because that kind of thing can really pop off on Instagram. That can be a great way to reach new viewers and then come in with the original content. That's how you really nurture the relationship with your community and provide a lot of value. Plus it's those original style videos that are gonna do better on like YouTube shorts and I think TikTok as well, honestly. Remember you can repost carousels to TikTok as well. You can do like photos over there. Doesn't really work on YouTube shorts. So yeah, this is your Instagram slash kind of TikTok growth plan on hard mode. If we wanna bring that down to easy mode, I'm gonna suggest doing one trend video a week. These tend to take less time than original ones. So it's easy to do that every week. And then you're gonna alternate each week between doing a really high quality carousel or an original style video. So one week it'll be trend and carousel, the next it'll be trend and original reel. And of course, you're gonna repost these to the other platforms too. Finally, if you are like me and you're a fully hybrid creator and you're growing on YouTube, but you also care about your Instagram and TikTok growth, this is the content calendar I'm gonna recommend to you. As you can see, we're really focusing on original style content first because that tends to be what performs well across the board. But we still are gonna lean into doing a trend once a week because like I said, they're easier to churn out and they can do really good numbers Again, we're doing the whole carousel and original video alternating thing because I do think it's important to incorporate carousels over on Instagram. However, you do get less bang for your buck with that because you can't repost them easily to shorts. So in an ideal world, honestly, this is what I would be doing too. Like this is what I would like to aim for. I recognize that this is a lot. Like it takes a lot of time and coordination to do all of this. So like I'm not trying to pressure you because I certainly don't execute on this every single week. But based on my experience, based on the data and based on what I've seen performing well for other creators, I really do believe that this is the right formula for balanced growth across YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok. Since this entire video has basically been a data basically been a data backed backed deep dive into how to get more views on your short form content, I feel like I can't finish this video without saying this. It's funny how you always want your content to go viral until it does. All of a sudden you can get an influx of a ton of negative comments from a bunch of strangers that you're not used to receiving. And the truth is going viral can be terrible for your mental health. For me, I just know there's a certain view threshold that once my videos cross it, I just know there's gonna be nasty comments in there about my body and my weight. And I would rather just not look after that point. So first, I just wanna take a second to say thank you. If you've made it to this point in the video, then undoubtedly you're one of my rider dies who leaves me positive and encouraging comments and you're the reason that I don't feel nervous to open the comment section of my long form videos. So thank you for making this such a positive space for me. But I also just want you to know that if you end up in a similar situation where you're kind of scared to check your notifications, you're not alone. It's not just you, there's nothing wrong with you. It just happens to everybody. Once you get in front of a large enough audience, there's gonna be some mean people in it. Just remember that when people leave hateful comments, it says more about them than it does about you. So more than anything in this video, I hope you can take that along with you as you continue on your content creator journey. Let me know in the comments if you like this kind of slideshow style video because I haven't done one like this before, but it was lots of fun for me. And as always, I hope that you're having adventures and following your dreams and I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @katie [30 likes]: 10 points to you if you catch the typo in one of my title cards 😅 hope you guys like the video!! 🫶🏻
  2. @WildRadio.73 [1 likes]: @29:32 ❤❤❤thank you for saying. I didn't realize how sensitive i was until I made a video that was a tiny TINY bit successful. One person being nasty almost made me quit. It was awful ❤❤❤ watching your videos makes me feel like trying again😊 i appreciate you!
edit: spelling
  3. @pacnwrealtor [1 likes]: Great video! I also loved your insights on going viral and negative comments.
  4. @FunnyProTipGuy: your vidio was really insightful, especially the shorts. thank you for sharing !!
  5. @joanaribeiron: Not only you gave such amazing and valuable advice on analytics but also about mental health!! You deserve everything that is good and positive in this universe!! Sending you lots of love 🩵🫂
Thank you :)
  6. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: Raises valid concerns about power and influence, but innovation and benefits also matter
  7. @CheriseSunshine: You are awesome! This was so informative and authentic! Thanks Katie 💛
  8. @gensfinanz: I post my short form videos on all 3 plattforms and they are doing okay (i just started, so everything over 500 views is great ig), but on instagram my reels are not working at all. 100-150 views max and shitty stats as well. Is Instagram slower in getting who my audience is or did they change something over the last 6 months that explains my issue? Thy for your help :)
  9. @Amyjojo123: This was really helpful! Thank you!!!! I had this hypothesis and you’ve just validated a lot of what I was thinking.
  10. @CortexCore.Institute: I love how you show us your workflow between lines, this is pure gold. So nice you've find the threshold where a video attracts negativity... So funny that actually exists...  Keep the excellent work!
  11. @Alex-iu7nz: what is the best editor for these videos? for tiktok and insta
  12. @AndrewPearsonFashion: This is such a great and in-depth video! I'd love if you could do a video on how you keep up with comment replies and engagement with other creators. That's where I personally fall apart...
  13. @ktsunefox: Hey Katie, what do you use for analytics?
  14. @FogartyAvenue: Very quite interesting.
  15. @JustineLucas: I love this slide-show style video, especially the screenshotable content plans at the end 💖💖💖💖💖 Thank you for sharing your experience, knowledge, and process!
  16. @Snapshortz-1: It's been helpful and thanks for the positive vibes
  17. @NoelDunnDesign: I'm so glad I found your videos! Every video I watch is even more informative than the one before.  I feel like I'm in school again with an awesome teacher, and I'm super grateful!
  18. @jennie9: Interesting video. I'm not a content creator and don't want to be one but I like to learn about a variety of things.
  19. @dulcedagda: So inspiring ❤thank you
  20. @louisfox888: Nice video thx for the insights! Question: in the part where you upload a video manually: where did u create the original video? Is it ok to create a video in one platform (eg tiktok) and then share it from there via the suggested methods? tiktok always suggests to post a video somewhere else too. i ask cause im active on tiktok only so far and consider to expand to insta and yt. and btw you are beautiful :)

- 10 YOUTUBE SHORTS HACKS | Unlocking Rapid Growth For Your Channel with Proven Tips & Tricks: Kind: captions Language: en these are the top 10 YouTube shorts tips that I've discovered by posting to YouTube shorts for the past 6 months this video is not a YouTube shorts tutorial so we'll save that for another 10 and if you stay till the end there'll be a bonus tip that'll guarantee that you'll know everything you need to know about YouTube shorts we all know the basic YouTube shorts tips they need to be vertical videos 60 seconds or less it helps to have a niche and post consistently but what about other tips and strategies that you can use when you're posting your shorts videos so that they could see more success and more results tip number one start with throwing spaghetti at the wall if you have short form content on your Instagram or Tik Tok start repurposing that to YouTube shorts and schedule it out to post every single day for the next 30 days this is what I did when I first started posting to shorts because really this is going to get your foot in the door you'll really be able to test to see what videos work well for you and your Niche and specifically what videos does YouTube shorts like to remove watermarks from your Tik Tok videos you're going to go to snap tick. apppp and to remove watermarks from your Instagram rails videos you're going to go to snap insta doapp and then you could go back study your analytics for those videos test to see what was the drop off point which videos had the most watch time and start to recreate the things that were working well tip number two when writing your YouTube shorts title the first 30 to 40 characters are the most important why is it the most important not because of an algorithm thing but because of the viewer's perspective on desktop when scrolling through the homepage on YouTube the viewer only sees about the first 30 characters of your YouTube title versus on the mobile app when the user is scrolling on their homepage they will probably only see the first 40 characters of your title so really the first 30 to 40 characters is going to help you capture your scrollers attention and get them to click through to your video tip number three put your call to action in the pinned comments of your video so this is something that I learned the hard way I'm somebody that I do have a few call to actions in my videos if you don't know what a call to action is it is basically when you tell somebody the next step for how to engage with you you could say double tap this video comment below something that you want to see next or comment any questions you have you could also say go to the link down below and download this freebie take my free training so that's a call to action my mistake was I was putting call to action links in the description but we're kind of monkeys trained by Tik Tok and when we're watching short firm videos naturally the audience will go to the comments to scroll through the comments so when you put your call to action in the pinned comments of your YouTube shorts that's going to be one of the first things that somebody sees whereas if you put it in your description it's actually really hard to get to that place and really inconvenient for the nowadays trained user so I'm watching YouTube short it comes up I click on it naturally I want to go to the comments because that's where the fun is that's where we could engage with other people so your pinned comment is there if somebody wanted to go to the description they would have to go out of their way click the three dots view description and then the description will show up so putting all the goodness into your pinned comment is the best way to go if you're somebody who is new to the YouTube platform or just starting to take YouTube a little bit seriously you want to be a full-time Creator here on this platform then I have a free gift for you I created the ultimate YouTube starter workbook this is more than 20 pages of goodness it teaches you how to set up your account properly on YouTube it comes with an equipment checklist it also teaches you how to pick your Niche pick content pillars even doing video topic research and there's a whole section on SEO training how to find keywords and all the things that you definitely want to know when starting and growing a YouTube channel so if that's something that sounds super helpful for you be sure to download the free workbook down below it is my ultimate YouTube starter workbook yes completely for free and I'll be sure to put it in the PIN to comment below tip number four something that worked really well for me when I threw my spaghetti at the wall was using emojis in my titles so anytime I had an emoji that started the title it was like a money tongue Emoji you know what I mean or like the mindblowing Emoji anytime I had an emoji at the beginning of my title those videos had better click-through rates and better view times or watches than my other videos so I thought that was something that was really interesting was incorporating emojis to almost storytelling with the title of course if it has nothing to do with your video or nothing to do with the title then I wouldn't recommend doing this or overusing it but because I had videos that were like three tips for making money as a content creator I would start with the money sign or I had a video that that was five hacks that'll blow your mind obviously I'm going to put the mind-blowing Emoji in the beginning so if you could storytellin in the title of your shorts videos that could be something that could help your click-through rate I also want to mention this kind of ties into tip number one and the current tip we're talking about when I was throwing spaghetti at the wall something that I noticed when studying my analytics was like my best performing videos were my casual videos that I randomly picked up my phone and started recording on they were not my professional videos like this my professional videos like this actually were on the bottom level of the performance they just did not perform very well so if you think like you need to have a fancy setup to have successful shorts you are mistaken my top best performing shorts were ones that I did on my phone out and about in my house like they weren't even this fancy schmancy thing so I just wanted to leave you with that don't let lack of equipment or feeling like you don't have the right things stop you from creating shorts just start tip number five desktop is key okay hear me out I know there are mixed opinions out there of success for people who have like oh no I created my short on my phone and I posted it and it performs so well versus people saying like oh I uploaded it on my desktop and it performed well for me when I studied my analytics I uploaded everything through desktop so I don't really have much comparison for I uploaded on my phone versus desktop what I mean is whether you're using your phone or you're uploading a video from your computer to YouTube finish the posting through your desktop so we'll open up our YouTube app I'm going to hit create we're going to press create short hopefully it's not my face cool and we're just going to like record a random snippet perfect wow looks great next snipp it so you can upload your shorts this way you can start to do it all here but instead of pressing upload short press save draft and then finish the posting on your desktop on desktop you have so many more capabilities and functions that you could do to put your short at an advantage first things first if you have a Chrome extension that's connected to tube buddy or vid IQ your desktop is going to generate title recommendations based off of SEO and keywords so you could really do a lot of keyword research multitasking on your laptop and then plugging those in into your title you have the full description option you also can do tags another thing that people Overlook is the category section making sure you're selecting the proper category of your video so for my educational videos where I'm like here's three tips for making money I categorize that as education and then when I do like lipsyncing or funny voiceover stuff that's not an educational video I categorize that as entertainment and then you could also do people and Vlogs so making sure you're categorizing your videos correctly before they're uploaded so they're pushed to the right people as for hashtags you can literally Google # use policies on YouTube and there's a whole policy section teaching you hey don't overuse the same hashtags over and over so take a look at that for hashtag guidance and of course scheduling your short out again if you're doing the throw spaghetti at the wall method and you have a bunch of videos to start scheduling it's so much easier to batch do that task on a desktop versus your mobile phone if you're just uploading the short through your phone there's no option to add a description to your video so you wouldn't be able to put hashtags you would have to put hashtags in the title which takes up room of character space and you also also won't be able to categorize your shorts correctly so there's just a few things that are missing from the mobile phone option which is why I prefer to finish posting and scheduling on the desktop tip number six while we're talking about the differences between posting through your phone versus desktop there's something that I do want to touch on as of filming this video which I don't think this is going to happen for forever but as of filming this video you can only select a thumbnail for your short via phone I know Millie you just said desktop is the best but I can't even choose a thumbnail for my shirt on desktop oh my gosh it was not always this way I used to be able to select thumbnails on desktop they removed it and then they started bringing it back so that you have it on your phone and Rumor Has It They'll roll it back out for desktop as well so they tried it they took it away they're bringing it back so I will say if you are curious for how to choose a thumbnail what you're going to do is when you go to post your shorts you'll see on the top left there's this little pen icon next to to the video preview you clicked that and then you'll be able to scroll through the video and choose what you want your thumbnail to be so that's how you choose a thumbnail with your shorts videos the reason I added choosing a thumbnail for your shorts as like tip number six as an exciting thing a good thing is because this gives you as a Creator more of an opportunity to get somebody to click your video because there was a time where you couldn't choose a thumbnail for your shorts and YouTube would autogenerate that for you and for me it would pick like the worst moment of my short that wasn't even click baity wasn't even attention grabbing and YouTube's reason for removing that feature was because in the shorts tab on the YouTube app people aren't seeing the thumbnails they just scroll to the next video and video and video just like on Tik Tok but most people for me I don't go to the shorts tab I need a short to capture my attention and then that's what gets me to the shorts Tab and then I end up scrolling so having a thumbnail on your short can be extremely detrimental for your clickthrough rate because that's what somebody's going to see on the home screen they're going to see like the title that says three ways to make money as a creator with the money emoji and then in the thumbnail you're like this and then there's like cash money falling all around you you know what I mean so you're able to be a lot more creative with it just like you already are as a YouTuber with your long form videos creating thumbnails for those so it adds that creative freedom to the Creator and gives us more of an opportunity to give our videos the best chance possible tip number six seven using Google Trends to figure out what's trending on YouTube so Google Trends is such a fun little trick in case you don't know Google owns YouTube so when you go to Google and you type Google Trends there's a website specifically that shows you what is trending on Google right now Google Trends literally shows you what searches are currently trending what people are looking for on the internet on the interwebs and then that puts you at an advantage because you know what people are searching for so then then reverse engineer you're going to make videos on that topic so then the question is Millie how does Google Trends help me because when you go to the explore section I think it's called explore section you can choose the drop down and instead of searching Google specifically you can search YouTube so you can see what trends and Search terms are currently happening on YouTube right now what are people actively looking for on YouTube in the past seven days in the past 30 days in the past three months what I like to do is I like to type in my Niche or my content pillars if I'm not seeing anything that's relevant to me so maybe I'll type in Tik Tock and then sure enough past three months the top search is Tik Tock ban so what am I going to do I'm going to make a video on the Tik Tock band so that is such an opportunity for you to come up with cool content ideas and it doesn't have to be any fancy schmancy long form video you're able to see a trend whip your phone out talk to the camera and make it right then and there so that you could be fast adapting with the trends so you're welcome tip number eight now that you know how to capture your targets audience attention because you're using emojis every once in a while your title within the first 30 to 40 characters your thumbnail is capturing their attention you're doing proper content research so that you know it's trending so that you could get ranking on the homepage and search results so you know how to get in front of people's eyes you know how to capture attention how do you keep the attention now the they've clicked your video tip number eight is to maintain the audience's viewer retention make sure they watch your video beginning to end that's going to give your video the best chance at success in reaching more people how do you do that make sure you're talking right away when the video happens if it's a voiceover there's an audio playing something happens right away there is no awkward pause where you pressed record and now you're going to breathe and the first thing they hear is you going like no we don't want a millennial pause the millennial breath get right to it once they press press the video you're yelling at them okay maybe not yelling at them but there's something happening as soon as they watch your video or press your video using closed captions is really important so you have the text popping up at the bottom mimicking what you're saying and when you're doing closed captions a little tip is to only do a few words at a time so instead of doing like a full-on sentence explaining what you're saying do two to three words popping up every two to three words that you say this is going to have the effect that your video is moving at a really fast pace because their eyes are able to move fast pace with the words constantly changing and having some sort of change happening consistently is going to keep them Watching Next you have the 7c rule I like to do more like a 5c rule where every 5 Seconds something is changing so instead of just talking to the camera and your d d speech to text it's like hey you said your intro hook now you're going to do a green screen where you point to something now you're going to go back to the camera and then back to the green screen like every five to 7 Seconds there's something visually changing about your video that keeps them watching and also show don't tell so if you're talking about this whole experience or this whole story if you have b-roll to back up the story that could play while you're talking or if you have screenshots that you could show behind you and like point with the green screen effect that's going to be super powerful utilizing show don't tell more than just like sitting and talking to the camera is going to be super helpful so I guess I kind of bled number eight to number nine number eight was keep the viewers attention start with a strong hook capture their attention and then number nine is make sure they watch all the way to the end so the best way to do that you can Loop your videos you can start with asking a question that you don't answer until like the last second or two of the video that's not to like do a false promise but an example of that would be like maybe you're in the fashion Niche and you hold up like a pair of skinny jeans and it's like how do you style skinny jeans when they're out of fashion so it starts with the question how do you style skinny jeans when they're out of fashion and you're holding the skinny jeans and instead of showing you styling the skinny jeans first first you're going to start with the rest of the outfit so you have your skinny jeans not on yet they're like in the background hanging or on the wall I don't know and you have your shirt you do your shirt you do your hat you do you get your shoes out you have your pants and then you do it and then you style it all and at the very end it shows the complete look so kind of leading people to the answer and then yeah that 5 to 7 second rule of like try to have something visually change every few seconds is going to help keep the viewers attention and hopefully getting them to watch to the end and then finally don't tell somebody your video is ending don't say like so make sure if you like this video give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel like that whole Spiel is a spoiler alert as like hey video's over if anything keep that ending Spiel short saying something like follow for more tips like really quick don't lead people into guessing hey video's over now I can scroll past tip number 10 adapting to Trends now we already talked about the Google Trends hack that you can do which is super fantastic way of adapting to Trends but there's also a YouTube shorts Trend report that is created by YouTube themselves so if you sign up for YouTube's shorts report then you'll be emailed twice a month with the latest updates to shorts any new features that were released you'll also be emailed inspiration and even content ideas of what's currently trending on shorts right now this is something that I personally love because we don't see a lot of platforms giving its creators straight up answers so that they can see the most success that's why I love YouTube as a platform is they're very transparent and helpful for helping creators have the best results so they have their own email list you sign up for their Trend report and you'll be emailed twice a month to stay up to date on the latest YouTube shorts Trends specifically now for the bonus tip that I promised you at the beginning of this video bonus tip number 11 is to educate yourself I know I said this is going to guarantee you'll know everything you ever need to know about the YouTube shorts but trying tips and tricks from watching a bunch of gurus videos is one way or you can like get your hands dirty roll up your sleeves and get into it educate yourself from the source themselves so there's this playlist that YouTube created fun fact this playlist YouTube created this teaches you everything you need to know about shorts It's a playlist on YouTube of YouTube shorts from YouTube uploaded from other creators they've put everything in one place so that you could scroll and find an answer to almost anything shorts related and that's going to be like your YouTube FAQ resource any question that you have about shorts will probably be found on that playlist so utilize that playlist to your advantage educate yourself and don't forget to download My ultimate YouTube starter workbook this again is over 20 pages of goodness to help you start a successful channel from the very beginning if you've made it this far and you're not already subscribed to my channel what are you even doing subscribe to the channel it's a fun time around here I post every week I give you the latest tips and tricks on YouTube Instagram and Tik Tok give this video a thumbs up hug that subscribe button and turn on the Bell notification so you don't miss when I post my next video I'll see you in the next one follow your joy bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MillieAdrian [299 likes]: FREE WORKBOOK (read full comment)! ⏩ https://itsmodernmillie.com/youtube-starter-workbook  
Once you put in your email, the workbook is AUTOMATICALLY sent to you and will be waiting in your inbox! AFTER you receive the workbook, you will be redirected to a new page that will show you an optional product you can purchase! If you don't want the product, no worries! Check your email anyway for the free workbook (don't forget to check your spam!)
  2. @daily_parrot [1 likes]: Let's grow 🎉
  3. @PrincefamilyFanpage2: Thanks,I believe my YouTube channel is going to take off 🎉
  4. @rachellerisling: Great vid thanks!
  5. @prm4uofficial: One thing worth adding to your Shorts strategy — the first frame matters almost as much as a thumbnail since it's what people see when scrolling the Shorts shelf, so treating it like a mini hook card can boost tap-through rate significantly. Curious which of these 10 tips moved the needle most for you over the past 6 months, like was there one change where you saw retention jump noticeably? 🔥
  6. @cre8tivity06: For tip #5 I’m almost positive you can use YouTube Studio on a mobile device to have access to those other sections you said you could only access via a desktop. I just realized this video is also two years old too lol.
  7. @SmallChannelsNailed: Thank you for this video! Liked & subscribed! 😊
  8. @TrendoraStudioS: Help me please
  9. @AdonaiSpeaks26: We can do this, just be consistent make great content and believe in yourself 😊❤
  10. @genkitsune: Welp, its 2026 and we still cannot choose thumnails for desktop XD My guess is that they are just trying to goad people into getting their app.
  11. @7_cats: Thank you for sharing! I watched the entire video, subscribed and appreciate the post! 

I noticed that you followed your own advice with the 5-7 second tip on visuals. This seems important, almost vital, in today's fast-paced world. Technology has shortened our attention spans. We like instant gratification by nature.

 I also love the greenscreen effect that shows your phone without leaving the original scene. Don't take this wrong way...but the only thing that would make this video even more perfect than it already is....would be adding sign language. Since you said you added this video to the EDUCATION category?....maybe there is a way to search and subscribe to channels based on accessibility? Just a thought as I watched the video.  My apologies if you already have this set up. I am new on YouTube and still learning. 

Again, thank you for sharing. It is presented perfectly!
  12. @sir_mayo_maremma: Thank you ❤ one of the most helpful ones I’ve watched yet.
  13. @TalesTailsChronicles: New here-happy to be part of this community. Let's grow together❤😊
  14. @jacplanespotting314: How can you remove "Prism live studio" watermarks?
  15. @TaiChiandRelax: I just started a month ago as a way to reach more Tai Chi students. It's early so I don't expect miracles but it's frustrating that day after day I don't see any news subscribers......or even views.
  16. @mercyjulietskitchen: Hello new YouTubers
  17. @Mo.Exploress: Super helpful !!
  18. @Dr.SetiSays: So helpful
  19. @ThiNguyen-o5e1l: This content is very useful.
  20. @vuong-k4p: I could watch this all day.

- Your 30 Day TikTok Plan: 0 to 10K Followers FAST: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the perfect zero to 10K followers in 30 days plan. If you follow this road map, you will see traction, period. Now, I say perfect not because this is a perfect strategy. No, there's a million strategies out there. I don't think my way is the only way. Perfect comes from if we lived in a perfect world with no distractions where I had all the time in the world to pump out as much content as possible and hit 10K followers as fast as possible, this is what I would do. This is like the perfect case scenario broken down into week by week action steps that you could follow. As always, timestamps are below. We're going to start with ground zero. Now, there are likely two types of creators watching this right now. The first type is someone who has no idea the type of content they want to create yet. Maybe you don't know exactly what you want to be known for or who your audience is going to be. Maybe you're leaning a little bit more lifestyle. Like you just feel like posting anything and everything about your life. The second type is somebody who has a lot more clarity. You already have an idea of the type of content you want to make, the platform you want to build, what you want to be known for. Maybe you even already have a specific niche in mind. If you are the latter, congratulations. You could go ahead, jump straight ahead to week one. But if you're the former, where you fit into the first type I mentioned, you actually need to start here at ground zero. Ground zero is where you need to treat content creation like going to a buffet instead of performing like this perfect science or baking a cake. Because when you don't know the exact direction that you want to grow, doing a 30-day challenge is not going to get you anywhere. When you have clarity on the end goal, it's like you're running a marathon and you just like stay on the racetrack. Yes, it's hard, but you get to the end finish line because you already know where you're going to go. Without any training, like it's just going to be exhausting, probably unenjoyable, and you might just be running in circles because you're not tracking where you're going. So, that means your starting strategy will look different from someone else's who already has a clear vision in mind, and that's okay. So, what do I mean when I say treat content creation like a buffet? What you're going to do is you are going to try out all the video ideas that you want to create. And when I say all, I mean all. It's like when you go to a buffet, let's say you've never eaten before ever in your entire life, you're not going to know what you want to put on your plate because you haven't tried anything. You need to take a bite a little bit of everything. Same thing with content creation. If you've always wanted to do like morning coffee videos, try making a morning coffee video. If you've always wanted to do a house reset with me, do a house reset video. Cozy creator content, day in the life, get ready with me. Anything that you've always wanted to do, try it, create it, make it, post it. You have to try all the things because as you try all of those things, you will get so much clarity on what type of content feels true to you. And when you find those pieces of content that feel true to you, you get to like add it to your plate, and that plate ends up being your personal brand. So, ground zero means for the next 30 days, you're actually just going to post whatever the heck you want with zero strategy. You're going to get clarity by doing and not waiting. The goal here at ground zero is not about growth. The goal here is to help you figure out exactly the type of creator that you want to be known for. The goal here is getting in your reps as a content creator. When you're practicing all these different types of video styles and ideas, you will find yourself becoming a better content creator as a whole because you're getting more experience. You're learning more about yourself, the types of videos you like, the type of videos you don't like. I have always found that this is the best way to get clarity on what your personal brand is going to be. Just by doing everything that you think you want to do, and then you'll learn some of the things that you thought you wanted to do, you actually don't enjoy doing, but that alone is clarity. Once you have that clarity of like, okay, I really like these style videos, I really want to pursue this avenue, or I really connected with this type of content, that's when we could begin like a 30-day growth sprint because you have a clear direction and then the traction can build from there. Now, jumping to week one, your goal for week one is to start taking messy action and start identifying formats that are going to get you the best early traction. Now, when I say messy action, this doesn't mean random, okay? We still want to have a refined growth strategy, but first, if you're starting from zero, we need to set up our account first. So, on days one and two, we're going to create an account, set up our bio, profile photo, etc. We're going to begin doing our content research, being more strategic with the videos that we're going to be creating. Then days three through seven, we're posting. And ideally, we're going to start a signature series in this first week. So, let's break down each of these steps a little bit more. Starting with the basics, setting up your profile, it's going to be similar to setting up your profile on any social media platform, just a little bit shorter, sweeter, and a little punchier. Ideally, your profile photo is going to match the niche or the type of content that you are creating and want to be known for. For example, I have my own personal TikTok page. This is not a strategic, let me grow it page, it's just like a for funzies personal outlet page. And that page, I found I really love making coffee videos, so my profile photo is me with coffee. It's as simple as that. Then for your bio, you also want to clearly communicate two things, the value or content that you're posting and who you are. For example, if I have an account where I want to inspire or help busy moms find a way to make working out more approachable and doable while from home while juggling mom life, my bio could look something like this. Approachable at-home workouts, if I could work out with kids climbing me, so can you. On TikTok, I believe you're limited to about 160 characters, so your bio has to be a little short and sweet. So, I kept the value very quick, approachable at-home workouts, but also wanted to tie in a little bit about me and myself because on TikTok, most of the time people are like, "Okay, I want some lifestyle vibes. I want people to follow me for me and enjoy my everyday life." So, that's why that second line, it said, "If I could work out with kids climbing me, so can you." It kind of talks about my life and a little bit of like some relatability. Like, "Hey, if I can do this, so can you. I got kids, too, but I work out. Woo!" So, it kind of has a little bit of relatability. Now, we're still in day one and two setting up our profile. We want to do some content research to figure out more strategically the type of content that we should be creating to get quicker growth. So, we're going to do our content research. I'm going to show you how I like to do content research, how I teach my students to do content research. This has helped my students have multiple viral videos, as you could see. So, let's jump to the laptop and we'll do this together. All right, this is the free TikTok content calendar that I have on my website. I'll link it down below if you like what you're seeing, you could use this, as well. I'm scrolling to the bottom where we have brain dump, cuz we're going to do our content research in this brain dump. We're just going to jot down all the ideas that we come across. And let's go to TikTok. You're going to do this on your phone, and I'm going to in the search bar type in a content pillar that I have, or maybe like a type of video that I want to create, or just an idea of like, "Okay, I've seen other people do this. Let me start to type it in TikTok search and see what comes up." So, for me, I'm going to do like at home coffee because this would be for my personal coffee account, and see what TikTok suggests. So, it says at home coffee recipes, shop bar syrup, espresso ideas. So, some of these I resonate with, some of these I don't. I like recipes, I like syrups, I like setup, or even like bar. Those are some things that I have. So, what I could do is I could write that down first. I'm just going to be like, "Okay, my idea is at home coffee recipes." Just jotting that down so I remember it. We're choosing these from here because Tik Tok is suggesting, "Hey, these are popular searches. Maybe you should look this search up." So, what we're just going to look up recipes. Then, what we're going to look at is the top performers. You're going to want to do this on your phone for one main reason, because you can filter the search results. So, we want to figure out what is currently working on Tik Tok. Like, if you want to grow as quickly as possible, you need to know what's currently working. Some of the results that you'll see, they're from a year ago or 2 years ago, 6 months ago. And what we want to do is adjust our search parameters, our filter, to look at videos from the past 30 days. You could even do past 3 months if you're not seeing like anything that's like super viral in the past 30 days or that resonates with you. So, we're going to adjust our search parameters to look at more recent videos. And then, the second thing that you're going to do is you're not going to just skim them and be like, "Oh, yeah, this this video. I like this one. Oh, yeah, this one went viral. Let me copy that." No, no, no, no. Some of them went viral because those creators already had millions of followers. So, if you click on the video, and then you go to that creator's account, you could kind of see the views follower ratio. So, let's say you see a video that has like 100,000 views and you're like, "Oh my gosh, that video blew up. 100,000 views, that's amazing." But, when you click on the creator's profile, they have 500,000 followers. That's not like a viral video for that creator. It performed well probably because they already had the followers to get that range. So, what we're looking for are videos that have a higher view count than the creator's following. So, if a creator had, let's say, 25,000 followers, but their video blew up and had 100,000 views, that's a video that you want to pay attention to because it helped a smaller creator. Not saying 25,000 is a small creator, but you kind of get the gist of what I'm saying. So, any video that you see has a viral views to follower ratio, those are the ones that we want to pay attention to, study, maybe write down for ourselves, and create when we start and create batch film. So, I don't have the search filters set on my laptop, but I just want to show you how to do this together using the content calendar. So, we're just going to open this. This has 36,000 views, and the creator has 12,000 followers. So, that's a really great ratio. The views or the likes were actually double their reach and then some or even like triple their reach. So, I'm going to click on this video. And I just want to look at those first few seconds because usually it's that hook, you know, we hear that all the time. What hook stopped the scroll? How do you capture somebody's attention by using a hook? So, it looks like those first few seconds is a close-up of the iced latte. I'm looking at the pop-up text, and I'm paying attention to what audio is being used. So, that's kind of like that hook layering strategy I talk about in my videos is what is the viewer seeing that's going to stop their attention? What are they hearing that's going to stop their attention? And also, what are they reading that will capture attention. The visual is iced latte. The audio is music, might be a trending audio, and then the text is shaken brown sugar pumpkin spice latte. Great keyword plugging. So, I'm going to write all this information down to my content calendar. We have shaken brown sugar pumpkin spice latte. Shaken brown sugar Also, the emojis are important to note. So, we got pumpkin stars or sparkles, I think that's what it is. The visual hook, what somebody is seeing, is the final visual of iced latte. Noticed the creator started with the final shot. So, this is like, "Hey, this is what we're going to create by the end of watching this." So, it's actually the final clip of what they filmed that day. And then audio, maybe it's a trending audio. You can even link videos. So, I'm just going to link this video so I can reference it later. Perfect. And you're just going to keep doing this brain dump with all the different ideas you have. So, if I did at home coffee, I could also do like get ready with me. See what search terms pop up, what I could write down, what creators are using for their hook layering. And then ideally at some point during this content research, you pick a signature series that you will start. So, maybe my at home coffee recipe, maybe I'm noticing a trend. It's like, okay, we are literally right in the holiday season. We're right at the very beginning peak holiday season. So, maybe I'm going to start a signature series where I am trying pumpkin spice lattes. So, different recipes, maybe my signature series is finding the perfect pumpkin spice latte home recipe. So, that's going to be my signature series, and that's something that I'm going to really pay attention to because a lot of people the follows come from following along a journey of some sort. You could even do like follow along with me while I do a 30-day TikTok series trying to grow this page. You could do day one of trying X recipes, day one of trying to redo my closet being a newly postpartum mom. You know, so find something that's very specific to you and turn it into a series. And at the end of each series video, you're going to say follow along for day two or follow along for the next video where I'm going to try blah blah blah blah blah. So, signature series are a great way to get people to follow you. It's not just like a viral thing. It's somebody gets to see this aspect of your journey, and because they saw one day of your journey, they're like more inclined to want to continue to watch the journey with you. Now, right here on this content calendar, I have my video ideas separated into content pillars. So, if you are operating in content pillars, basically subtopics of a niche. For example, if I was in fitness niche, which fitness alone is not a niche. It's just a category. My topics could be at home workouts, nutrition, protein I get in a day, favorite gym clothes or athleisure wear. You know, so those are like the subtopics. You could operate in content pillars for sure. Niche down is a great strategy for growing quickly. If you don't resonate with the niche down content pillar, you can actually change the view here, property visibility. Instead of focusing on content pillars, you could instead focus on value pillars. These are instead you focus on the value that each video is going to provide. So it could be a relatable video, an inspirational video, entertaining or educational. You could focus on creating videos that way. If that's something that confuses you, you're not resonating with it. Again, you could switch your approach and focus on video pillars. Video pillars are going to be the different styles of videos that you can try and keep rotating throughout. So it's not like you're staying to one topic. You could talk about any topic, but you're going to be talking to the camera. Maybe this is like face-to-face. You have like a pre-outlined thing or maybe it's just random thoughts. You're on a walk and you're like, "Hey, I want to talk to the camera." So you're talking to the camera. There's a face-to-face connection. Second type is a voice-over. This is just maybe you have clips of you doing things throughout the day and then you add your voice-over, storytelling, talking to the camera that way. You could also do B-roll with trending music over the B-roll. People use this strategy for like that 7-second video. Just get a clip of you doing something and add a trending audio. You know, that's strategy. You could do lip-syncing or even photos and carousels perform really well on TikTok. So you could instead on video pillars as opposed to topics. Now let's talk posting frequency because you did your content research for those first two days. Day three, you're going to start posting. And we are going to consider these next 30 days our sprint phase. What we do within this time frame is not something we're going to continue long-term. We're shooting for like a 90% growth strategy here. And then after the 30 days, then we dial it back and shift more into like that slower marathon pace while creating nurture content, which I'll talk about at the end of this video. So, how often are we going to post for this 30-day challenge? Remember, this is the perfect world scenario, and in a perfect world, the more you post, the more you grow. So, we're going to shoot for posting three to five times a day. And remember, we're rotating between so many different video types and video lengths. Some can even be photos. Some can just be b-roll. One can be like a random thought that you had while you were on the toilet. These are not like perfect posts. They're intentional because we did our content research, and we know topic ideas and hook texts, so we have some ideas and strategies there. Maybe one video is like a strategic video for that day, and then the rest are not. This is what makes it like that messy action because we're not trying to get every video perfect. Maybe you could get some videos perfect or try to, but we're just like, "Okay, we did it. We recorded. We had an idea. We took action on it. We're posting it." This is probably going to be the hardest thing for my perfectionists out there, but remember, this phase, quantity will lead to quality. And you need to just like hit that publish button before you start overthinking it. Now, if after hearing that you're still freaking out like, "Oh my gosh, how do I go from posting zero times a day to three to five times a day?" You have two options to help you get started so you don't have to film a bunch. The first option is to go through your current phone's camera roll. You have plenty of content in there. See what sort of videos that you have to start creating. What photos do you have that you could put in a carousel or as their own posts? Literally, just like go through your camera roll. You're like, "Okay, select video. Cool." And just like make sure all of them are selected. I can do this one. I can do this one. Then add to a separate like 30-day TikTok Sprint album. And whenever you feel like, "Okay, I'm running out of ideas," pull something from there and post it to TikTok. Now, your second option is to utilize stock footage. And I don't mean the ad-style corporate-looking videos, I mean finding a stock media subscription service where you can find unlimited high-quality stock videos that feel like something you would actually create. And this is going to enhance your videos and streamline some of your workflow during this sprint. So, where can you download said B-roll? Personally, I use Storyblocks. They have been my go-to for B-roll since 2021, literally. All the B-roll that you see in this video has been from Storyblocks, and they're also the sponsor of this video. If you don't already know, Storyblocks has unlimited downloads of diverse, high-quality media for one predictable subscription cost. You can choose either a monthly or an annual plan with no hidden or extra fees to basically unlock an unlimited source of content that gives you the freedom to test, experiment, and create more effective videos. Especially if you're doing this 30-day roadmap, it's going to be so helpful to have extra footage in your back pocket so that you're not getting burnt out. What I love about Storyblocks is that their stock library is frequently refreshed with commissioned content based on the latest trends and what members are searching for to ensure that you'll have curated fresh content to keep your videos relevant that day. Of course, anything you download with Storyblocks is going to be 100% royalty-free. It's pre-licensed and ready for you to use. That way you can focus on doing what you love, creating, without having to worry about double-checking like the legal rights on a clip that you found and want to use. I'm somebody that truly believes B-roll can elevate your content to that next level. So, if you'd like to get access to an unlimited source of content, definitely check out Storyblocks. You can get two extra months free when you sign up for an annual plan. So, go to storyblocks.com/modernmillie to take advantage of this limited-time offer, or you can use the link in the description. Moving on to week two, your goal for week two is going to be refining your strategy and community building. On day eight, you're going to look at video analytics from the past seven days. And if you've been posting three to five times a day, that's anywhere from 21 to 35 posts. This is probably one of the reasons why creators who post more grow more because within such a short amount of time, we got so much information. If you have 21 to 35 posts where you can look at analytics, that's going to be so powerful compared to somebody who may you over the past seven days you only post three posts, which is fine if that's realistically what you can do right now, but you only have three posts to look at analytics. Whereas if you're doing a sprint, you have so much information to pull from. And from that information, you can refine your strategy for the upcoming week of content. Now, for this next week, we are still continuing to do the three to five posts a day strategy. We want at least half of those posts for this upcoming week to be you trying to perfect or improve upon last week's content. So, you looked at your analytics, you're like, "Oh, this video performed well. Let me see if I can tweak it." Or you're like, "This video didn't perform well, but I really liked it. Let me see if I can tweak it." So, half of your content for this upcoming week is going to be improving on last week's content. And then the other half is going to be continuing to test new styles or formats that you haven't gotten to yet. You don't need to like perfect anything. Remember, we want to just like keep taking action because the creators who grow, they're not waiting until it's perfect. They're the ones who are willing to post messy, learn in public, and improve as they go. For this week, week two, you're making sure you're going to continue your signature series and make sure to turn it into a playlist on your profile so that series is easily findable when somebody lands on your page. Now, some new things we're going to add into our outline this week is you're going to try to add some sort of call to actions into your videos if you haven't already. So, for your signature series, you're going to say like, "Follow along for blah blah blah." Or comment below your recommendation for a blah blah blah. Tag a friend who you want to go to HomeGoods with this fall. You know, like you're adding those call to actions now and being a little bit more intentional with those for this upcoming week. And the other thing that you're going to do is you're going to add engagement every day. Ideally 10 to 15 minutes every day where you're replying to every comment that somebody leaves on your videos and you're commenting back onto their content as well. This is how you really build a community is showing some love back to the people who are showing you love. Now real quick, if you have learned something new so far, be sure to give this video a thumbs up. It's going to tell the algorithm that there are other people like you who will like this video and help YouTube's algorithm kind of push it and find those people. And if you learn two new things by the end of this video, I'd like for you to consider subscribing because it's a free way to support my business. I love creating content like this, educating you on the best ways to grow and be a full-time content creator. So subscribe if you like videos teaching you those sorts of things. I post videos weekly here on my channel. Now we're jumping into week three. This week we are focusing on building our brand consistency. At this point, you have been posting three to five times a day. You have call to actions on your videos. You're replying to comments and commenting on other people's content. So the first thing you're going to do going into week three is again look at your analytics from the past 14 days now. And you want to try to hone in on one to two video formats that predictably perform well for you. This is going to help increase your brand consistency and recognition, brand consistency. To help you not get burnt out this week, something you can try is to re-upload flops in hopes that they become better hits. And now I'm not saying like just completely repost the video that sucked. There's a reason it flopped in the first place. But any video that didn't perform well you where you were like, "Oh, I felt like that had potential." You're going to just reimagine it, repackage it, give it a little bit of a facelift. So So, maybe it's changing the hook, changing that first cover text. Maybe it's trimming the video down so it's a little bit more fast-paced. Maybe it's adding a trending audio if you didn't have an audio. Now, some of the content you'll post this week is just repackaging videos that you already posted in the past. I do this a lot with my coffee videos because when I record my videos where I'm making my morning coffee, I have like 10 minutes of footage in there. That 10 minutes of footage, I can turn into five to 10 different videos because I can tell different stories with it. I could do a make my morning coffee with me, right? Maybe that's the original video I thought. Or if in those 10 minutes, I spilled the beans or I spilled my milk, I could turn it into like a five-second this is why I can't have nice things joking haha hehe hoho video. Or maybe it's just like the stirring of the coffee, could turn that into a five-second clip with like an aesthetic fall song in the background. Just try to reimagine the content that you already have. How could you repackage it? Some new things that you could try this week is replying to comments with video replies. This is going to make your community feel even more connected and increase engagement for you. You could even start a second signature series. So, if that first series is just kind of like you're not feeling it anymore, you still want to continue it, but maybe you got another idea for like a better series idea. This would be a good time to start a second series. And at this point, you want to start picking a consistent text font, coloring, intro lines, any sort of consistency you can create with branding, cover images. Really start honing in on what those things are because again, it's going to make your brand even more instantly recognizable. If you were to start a signature series right now on your TikTok, I'm curious what that signature series would be. Let me know down in the comments below and I'll try to give feedback to you on like how you could package it or really make it like hook-worthy. All right, we are in week four. This is like our final push. We're still posting three to five times a day. Some are part of your series. Some could be as simple as like replying to a comment with a video. Your branding has become much more consistent now. So, we're going to do our final push of the sprint. This week, we really want to identify what your core community flywheel is. This is basically a self-reinforcing loop where you figure out which core pieces of content spark engagement. When you find those pieces that spark engagement, that engagement is going to build a connection with somebody, which will drive that person to follow or share your video, which will lead to new followers who will then spark engagement on that same content, and it just continues that loop. I know it's so easy to focus on the number of views, but that's not what we're focusing on here. We want to focus on a more important factor, which is going to be follows. So, in your analytics, you want to make sure you are looking at your metrics based off of which videos are getting you follows as opposed to views. For example, right here, you can see that these top videos are getting me the most views, but when I switch to which videos are getting me followers, it looks completely different. And again, if your goal is like the rapid growth of, "Okay, how can I grow in 30 days?" You want to focus on those pieces that are getting you followers, and if they didn't go viral, those are the ones you want to re-package and continue to fine-tune until it finally sparks. When you identify what your community flywheel is going to be, just know that this is going to change. When you've identified one, milk the most out of it while you can, because social media changes so often. What works now for you might work for a month, two months, maybe even three months, but it won't work forever. So, once you have that wheel identified, lean into it, lean into it, lean into it. When you see the wave is starting to go to a new format that you're creating, lean into that. So, constantly make these shifts with your audience. This week during your final push is probably where you're going to get the most amount of followers because again, we've just been fine-tuning everything up to this point. So, this week might be the week where things break through. I hope you haven't given up at this point cuz usually that first week, second week, it's not magic, you know, it's not like, "Ooh, poof, I just went viral overnight in the first week." You've got to put in the work over these few weeks and this final week is the one that really does it. And this week, if you still are not seeing any traction, something that you could consider is implementing any sort of like controversial or shock factor content. I know for me, anytime I talk about how much money I make as a content creator, people go crazy over it not because it's like, "Ooh, wow, money." But because I also get so many haters who hate the fact that I make money through social media. And so, think of those controversial things in your industry or opinions that you could share that would spark potential conflict in the comment section. If hate online is something that intimidates you or you don't want to deal with, don't do this because it attracts both sides of your audience. The people who will 100% connect with you and the people who won't connect with you at all. So, just be cautious going into that and I do notice like the most controversial takes that I share are ones that go the most viral. Another method you can try this week is adding some sort of collaboration into your content. So, you could do what other viral creators do, stitches on other creators' videos. Like if there was a viral coffee syrup recipe, I could stitch it. It starts with the recipe because that hooked people. It starts with the creator's first 3 seconds then it cuts to me and I'm like, "Is this really the best viral pumpkin spice syrup recipe? Let's test it out." You know, I could do my own take there. So, doing collaboration is another good way to get a spike in views. At this point, it is day 30. You are viral, baby. You got 10,000 followers. We're loving it. But after your 30 days are complete, unfortunately, you still can't stop posting. You're a content creator. Content creators still post. I'm not saying you have to do the same three to five posts every day, but after your 30 days, we want to gradually slow down as opposed to stopping abruptly cuz then your audience is going to be like, "Oh my gosh, what the heck? Where did you go? You ghosted me." And then they're going to be so sad. So, we talked about the 30 days as your sprint where 90% of that is your growth content. You're being strategic, you're fine-tuning, you're tweaking, you're being very analytical, or trying to fine-tune your stuff. But just like any athlete who just did a sprint, you're going to need to take a cool down, a stretch before you go lay down on the couch and nap. So, after 30 days, we're going to shift the focus to be 70% nurture content instead. This could be more casual, storytelling, behind-the-scenes videos, Q&A's, mindless, no strategy. It doesn't have to have any strategy. You could continue your series if you're not feeling too burnt out. Ideally, you could pick that up whenever, but you're just kind of taking a breather. So, technically, we're at week five. Week five, instead of posting three to five times a day, we're going to post twice a day. If twice a day still feels like way too much, especially after a big sprint, just do one post and maybe one live where you're just like 30 minutes, you go live, and you talk to your audience. Week six, you're going to post once a day. And if that feels way better, you can continue that consistency. If you're like, "I still need more rest," week seven, choose a consistency that works for you. That could be three to five times a week. So, maybe Monday, Wednesday, Friday, right? We're just readjusting and kind of recalibrating the algorithm to find the new groove with us. We're going to find a frequency that works with our actual day-to-day lifestyle, not a sprint, our actual day-to-day routine that's not going to burn us out, something that you could stick to for the next year. You can absolutely still post growth engine content or like your core community flywheel content. It just doesn't have to be as much. Now, if you're somebody who has always been curious about what the TikTok algorithm is or how the TikTok algorithm thinks so that you could work with it instead of against it, you feel like you could break through that 200-view jail, then definitely watch this video next because this is where I deep dive into how the algorithm works and how you could apply it to your content as a content creator. Remember, if you learned two new things at any point during this video, consider subscribing to my channel and thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MillieAdrian [18 likes]: Thanks so much for watching! 🥰Here's where you can get 2 extra months of Storyblocks for free with annual plans for a limited time only ➡ http://storyblocks.com/modernmillie
  2. @MYPHONECASH [2 likes]: Great job sis, I get something from this video
  3. @kiransohni-z4t [2 likes]: 30 days of consistency can change everything — this roadmap proves that smart strategy + daily hustle can turn a fresh TikTok account into real growth fast. Great breakdown for anyone serious about hitting 10K.
  4. @OussamaBohabib [1 likes]: Great strategy! Growing on TikTok takes consistency and creativity. Thanks for sharing these useful tips!
  5. @Infothing1 [1 likes]: ipewb Лучший сайт для заработка денег на онлайн-заданиях.
  6. @PlinioFDavid [1 likes]: Que excelente video que me recomendó:face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:  IPweb  :face-blue-smiling::face-blue-smiling:
  7. @historyofislam2.0r [1 likes]: nice and good  @#IPweb
  8. @lunaluxaz: How can I make a signature series on Reiki & Meditation
  9. @Hasna-v6c3g: This video explained the topic really clearly especially the way example were used made it easy to understand l found it through IP web and it was actually helpful ❤
  10. @belovedbrideofchrist7417: Luv ❤Luv ♥️Luv this…😊
  11. @OussamaBohabib: "TikTok is one of the most creative and entertaining platforms ever. It brings people together, inspires new ideas, and makes every day more fun!"
  12. @catsarejerks: :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  13. @Swap_the_tox: Do you coach ?
  14. @Megaaa-22: I have 2 ideas of signature series: growing my blog so it's profitable - micro adventure around us
  15. @Cobi_toolie: I’m halfway there
  16. @MohamedSaied-s8z: Great tips for TikTok growth! I’ve been using IPweb recently to help boost my online presence and it’s been working naturally. Thanks for the info!"
  17. @criscarrasco2398: Thanks a lolt for this video and for sharing such great content. 🩷
  18. @TessaGreyy: I’m a 20 year old Wife, Barber and part time barista! I’d love to start doing day in the life’s, while also emphasizing on being a young wife and connecting with that community, sharing struggles and highlights. Any tips?
  19. @s6n6fg6d: So, I’ve been starting a channel that’s analog horror found footage retro futuristic documentary videos that combine the aesthetics of Mario Bava’s Planet of the Vampires with HR Giger’s vision in Alien or Prometheus. The documentaries follow the story of “The Lone Cosmonauta” as he is drawn to strange eerie fantastical worlds. 

The content is fire. It’s pretty cool. 

My problem is? When I pay to promote, I get results and TikTok tells me I’m outperforming 90% of others in my space, but if I don’t pay, nobody but a 0-100 see the content.

And I spend hours on it.
  20. @BaddestSquirrel: Sooooo redundant… why make it soooo complicated, unless your trying to make money, otherwise most are on TT FOR FUN 😊

- This Viral YouTube Shorts Trick will EXPLODE your Channel: Kind: captions Language: en I want you to imagine this you put in hours and hours of work into our YouTube shorts and they get stuck at just 20 games this is what you're thinking I put in all of the work I've listened to all the gurus and still I don't have the results well let me tell you this you are focusing on the wrong things in order to go viral you need to do exactly what the YouTube algorithm wants you to do I was stuck at 20 views too until I started using this one strategy that allowed me to get millions of views on my shorts this will be a build up strategy trick number one leads into trick number two trick number three and four if you combine all of them instead of growing like this you will actually grow like that YouTube shorts is the attempt to compete with platforms like Tick Tock and Instagram reels they're already doing a great job however in 2023 they'll start monetizing shorts meaning a lot of tick tock creators will most likely hop over the YouTube shorts because they can make more money YouTube shorts is currently one of the fastest ways to get an audience and get views however you need to do it the right way the YouTube shorts algorithm is not playing it's nuts it choose to ignore shorts you lose out on massive opportunities this can help you grow your channel and meet your objectives like crazy alright so we know that a lot of tick tock creators as well as Instagram real creators will hop over onto YouTube shorts that's great for them but that means more competition for us how do we actually beat them as we all know YouTube looks at the audience retention let's say they've got a video with 20 retention and a video with 50 retention which video is going to perform the best obviously it's going to be one with 50 as people watch it for longer does YouTube make more money at the end of the day that's what they care about now with shorts your audience retention needs to be even higher close to 100 if you really want to go viral so how do we get this done maintaining the attention from a viewer is a skill set that you need to build in order to create successful YouTube shorts here are a few tips in order to do so number one cut the fluff go straight to the point and give the viewer what they came for avoid using unnecessary Bridge words for example if you can leave out a specific sentence or word do it because it will make it more concise and easier to watch number two learn how to tell stories suddenly a good compelling story is one of the best ways to get viewers attention and obviously maintain it people's attention spans are really really low as of today due to platforms like Tech talk Instagram reels and YouTube shorts all of the content on there is like this it's Snappy keeps going keeps going keeps going which triggers your part in the brain where if you watch long form content or really slow-made content You're simply going to get bored and you're gonna click away to the next thing that will be like this number three at zoom in and zoom out this will make the video more engaging to watch because the screen is always changing number four add subtitles to your videos You'll see this a lot on Instagram Tick Tock and shorts as of right now not everyone that's watching a short can listen to it as well for example you're on the subway in New York you're on your phone and you cannot listen with audio what do you do if there's no subtitles you'll skip the video If there are subtitles you can continue to watch it which will then boost your attention skip the call to action if you're selling you could try this however with entertainment based videos you want to make sure to cut the fluff once again so don't do any stupid call to action like leave like on the video Please Subscribe those are the exact moments where people click off which will make your audience retention drop even though all of that stuff works wait until you see this one in order to get more views you need your current viewers to come back Mr bees is one of the best to do this when YouTube sees that people keep coming back to your videos they'll think hey people like this channel let's promote this a bit more to other people because chances are the new ones will keep coming back too you want to aim to get more returning viewers than new viewers this is an indication that people actually like your content and that they keep coming back to see more if you go to analytics you can go to audience and you can see how many new viewers and returning viewers your channel has if it's the other way around meaning you've got more New Years than returning viewers that's not bad at all because that means more people are now able to find your Channel all we need to do is convert them into returning viewers especially with shorts if people start watching all of your shorts after each other you've got great session time meaning people are binge watching your shorts now that's the best sign that you can get to YouTube for them to push it more the key to getting more returning viewers on your shorts is consist decency now with that I don't just mean the uploading consistency however I mean every single element in the YouTube game meaning The Branding the editing the concepts basically everything that can be consistent make it consistent so that people know what to expect if they watch the previous short and they like it a lot and you stay consistent they'll probably like your next one too and the next one and the next one and the next one that creates that binge watching effect which will make you go viral you can introduce series or formats to your short videos meaning there's a format that keeps coming back if people like the first episode they'll probably like the second one the third one the fourth one and the fifth one a great example of this is a channel called how ridiculous they actually have these challenges that very much look alike however every single time it's just a slightly different challenge however if you're hooked on the first short you'll definitely like the second one the third one and the fourth one that the algorithm serves you as soon as that starts happening you'll start watching all of them and there you go their shorts are now getting pushed like crazy and they actually do take a look at their view count it's pretty insane now those two are great how ever you can really make sure you can create that binge watching effect by applying the tips which are creating Loops at the end of the video or adding an end screen depending on what you want to achieve if you want to get more audience retention you can try to Loop the video meaning people aren't going to notice that the videos ended and it started again here's a quick example of how people do this we toured the spaces of a lot of different creators but I truly think that this one will be the craziest that we've ever seen because it's gonna have a 330 foot Tower to make trick shots a mini golf course because people don't notice they're actually watching the beginning again your audience retention will get boosted however this doesn't create that binge watching effect so what you can also do is leave another video at the end screen on a short I know that sounds a bit vague however people actually do this and it works once again if you've watched the first video and you simply put another video on the screen that's exactly the same or it's in one of the formats or series that I just explained to you people will click and they'll watch it again you then add another one another one another one and that makes sure to create that binge watching effect so that probably happens naturally actually if your videos are good enough however you can stimulate it by adding end screens to the next video the next video the next video the next video all you do this with my personal Channel too click right there to learn more about the YouTube shorts program you see what I did there

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourivanhofwegen [20 likes]: 👉 Best Tool to Make Viral YouTube Shorts ▶ https://youricreates.com/submagic
  2. @VidsRankedDaily: thank uu
  3. @LLhilights: noted
  4. @Reactifyreal7: I just started my channel … Not getting any views 😢😢
  5. @thechannelthatexplains: I don’t think my content is bad but still my videos are not going viral. And I am tired of all these videos saying „If you do this your shorts will pop off“ like seriously it’s not that easy please stop saying that like you can actually go viral just by doing what someone like this guy says
  6. @cvworkstudio: i support new  creator
  7. @impressivegimmicks: How much is your channel's average-
1 )Audience retention rate
2)"How many choose to view" percentage ???🤔🤔
  8. @Daily_Motivational_Quotes--d7n: :face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @SavageContentForYou: I hope that person who reads it, will make it in youtube!
  10. @yetundeayoade1706: Nice one 🎉
  11. @Faithunique-133: Thanks for your content. New YouTubers let's gather and grow together 🎉
  12. @WinterrSkates: I get stuck 400-600 reviews
  13. @shovonkumarroy7809: Shutter sound
  14. @Ravishing_traveler: Thank you so much i hope my shorts get more views IA
  15. @BeastAnime03: yi
  16. @TTEBHealingconnection: Follow The Line..💩🕵🏻‍♂️
  17. @Sorotanmania: Please, we are beginner creators from Indonesia, teach us how to research keyword titles in YouTube search.
  18. @4c3rlynRBX: Thanks for 292 subscribers😅❤
  19. @Penguir: i dont get shown i get 0 views
  20. @Auszeit-enjoysound: Thanks for the  video! Do you have tipps for shorts with nature sounds content?

- The EASIEST Way To Go Viral on YouTube Shorts in 2026 (new algorithm): Kind: captions Language: en I just helped this creator, this creator, and this creator go viral on YouTube shorts. And none of it comes down to luck because all you have to do is implement the process that I'm going to share with you in this video, and it can help you go viral, no matter what niche you're in or how many subscribers you have. Step number one is you need to understand exactly how the YouTube Shorts algorithm works so that you can actually reverse engineer it. And lucky for you, the Shorts algorithm is actually pretty simple right now. It literally only cares about three things. The first thing that it cares about is whether or not the audience that's going to be shown your content is interested in what you're about to post about. And guess what? It's actually a really easy way to figure this out. The way that you can figure this out is just look at what topics and what formats people are engaging with in your niche. And then guess what? You're going to know exactly what kind of content the algorithm wants to push out. Because here's the deal. The algorithm doesn't reward novelty. It doesn't reward something that's new. And it doesn't reward something that's completely different. It actually rewards the same. And I'm not literally saying that you should be copying people verbatim. But what I am saying is that you need to make sure that you're talking about the things that the YouTube algorithm is actually pushing inside of your niche. The other two things that they care about are one that people make it past the first 3 seconds of your video so that you have a good hook and three that people actually watch your content almost all the way to the end. In fact, you want to be getting an 80% people that do not swipe away. And ideally, your average view duration should be over 80% also. So, as long as you align those three things, you're going to be on the right side of the current YouTube Shorts algorithm. You're going to be posting content that the algorithm actually wants to push out, you're going to be getting people to watch your content more than 3 seconds long, and you're going to have more than an 80% average view duration, and as a result, your content actually gets pushed out. There's going to be a ton of other things that people are going to tell you that you're going to see on YouTube that matter, but those are really the only three things that matter. So long as you align with those three things, you can throw everything else out the window when it comes to the YouTube algorithm. Because at the end of the day, all the YouTube algorithm actually is is your audience and their preferences. Now, step number two in this process is you need to know exactly who your competitors are. And if you don't know who they are, guess what? I actually have a really easy way for you to be able to figure this out. So, there's essentially two different ways that you could find out exactly who your competitors are. The first way is if you already have analytics on YouTube. If you come into your analytics, you then click on audience right here, and then you scroll down, this will actually show you right here what other channels your audience watches. So, we could see right here, we could skip through these three, these are going to be exactly who your competitors are. In addition to that, they'll also show you what audience your channel or what videos your audience watches. And then you could actually click from here into these channels and be able to figure out exactly who your audience is on YouTube or at least who YouTube has identified it as and who your competitors actually are. In addition to that, if we just come over to YouTube right here, then we open up chatb, you could do something like this. You could come over in a chat and say something like, "I'm in the AI news niche on YouTube." Obviously, you would put whatever niche you're in and I want to find my competitors. What search term should I look up? And then what you could do is click on this right here. This will go through. This will actually brainstorm exactly what search terms you should look up. For example, chatbt News. And then you're just going to come over to YouTube. You're going to type all of these in. And this is actually going to reveal to you exactly who your competitors are. And you could go through and actually filter this both by long form content or by shorts content. But essentially, this is going to tell you exactly who your competitors are. And then from here, you're going to be able to actually track these individuals, be able to recreate their content really easy. And this is where you should be getting the majority of your ideas. Because basically, once you have your competitors and you're able to figure out exactly what they're doing, you're able to reverse engineer the algorithm. Because at the end of the day, all the YouTube algorithm is is the formats, the settings, the types of things that your ideal audience wants to watch. So, now that you know exactly who your competitors are, what you want to do is you want to make sure that you're tracking them and then creating content on the topics and the formats that are actually working the best for them. And guess what? This actually a really easy way for you to do this. Takes the guesswork completely out of you creating content. Not only will it allow you to track your competitors, it will also allow you to recreate their videos in seconds. Check this out. So, the way that I like to track my competitors is by using ContentBuddy.ai because if we come over here, and this works for YouTube shorts specifically. If we come over here, we click on competitors tracker right here. We come in here and we can actually add our competitors. For example, I have them right here. So, I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. We click on add competitor. We put in the channel name and then this is going to begin to track them. And what we're actually able to do is come over here and add a bunch of our different competitors right here. And then check out what we are able to do here. We're actually able to come over here and we could view just their breakout videos, which are going to be the videos that are getting them the most views and are doing way better than their average video. Or we could go through and check all of their videos. Now, this is what that breakout view actually looks like. We could go through. It shows us all the videos. It shows us their average views and the views of some of their most viewed videos. And now let's say we want to recreate one of these videos. All we have to do is literally just click on this recreate button. This is going to go through and give us everything that we need to recreate this video in the same format, the same style, and everything that they did. Right? We can see that this gives us a brand new optimized script right here. Literally even shows you what B-roll to put in here. Gives you optimized titles. Gives you optimized hooks. Gives you an optimized description. And gives you the exact tags that you should use. So, literally in just a few seconds with this tool, we just found out one exactly what kind of content is getting our competitors the most views and we were able to literally recreate that in seconds. In addition to that, if you find a random video that you want to recreate, you can actually come over here, come into content creation, click on AI video remixer, and this will allow you to literally just put in the link to that video, and then you'll get the same thing. You'll get a script. You'll get a title. You'll get tags. You'll get exactly what you need to do in order to recreate that viral video so that you too can increase the odds that you go viral while spending way less time creating content. In fact, this has been essential to me gaining over 900,000 subscribers on this channel and over 90,000 subscribers on my other channel. And the best part about Content Buddy is that if you go to the pin comment below, you can get started with it today for free. In fact, they have a 7-day free trial just because you're watching this video. So go to that pin comment below and check it out today. Now the fourth step that you need to make sure that you're implementing is actually something that most creators skip. And this is you need to make sure that you are doubling down on whatever actually works for your page. And there are several different ways to do this. So let me explain. Okay. So the first example of doubling down I wanted to show you with my YouTube shorts. We can see that almost all these videos have gotten millions of views right here. In fact, all these videos have gotten millions of views. And what you're going to notice is this is a how-to video. This is a how-to video. This is a how much video. If we come down here, we're going to see more how-to videos. So, clearly how-to videos work really well on my channel. I've gotten millions of views with them, so I keep posting them. In addition to that, I have things like do this or use this or stop doing this. The same exact thing, I am recreating that type of content all the time. And it's not only on this channel because you could also do something like this. If we come over to my other channel right here, we could see that this video is about COD, notebook, OM, Google Gemini, Chat GBT, and then what we're going to notice is Chat GBT again, Gemini again, Claw again, Claw again, Open AI again, Google Gemini, Chat GBT. So, basically, it's the same topics that keep getting recycled that are doing really well. And again, if we come over to somebody like Mr. Beast, we are literally going to see the same exact thing with his content. If we look at his most viewed videos, giving something, this one right here, giving something. And if we come over here, we have this versus. And we have the same things repeating over and over again. So basically, the main takeaway from this section of the video is I don't want you to think that your audience is going to get bored because the reality is that your audience likes a topic, they like a format, and they want to see more of that. You can push this to the absolute limit before your audience is actually going to get bored. And one thing that I see most small channels do, which is really annoying because it's not what you should be doing, is they do something, it works, and then they stop doing it. When you do something and it works, you need to keep doing that thing until it doesn't work anymore. And the way that you should actually be approaching this is 90% of your content should be things that you know are going to hit. 10% should be stuff that is a little bit risky so that you could keep learning. Now, the last thing you need to make sure that you're doing is you need to make sure that you aren't forgetting about the incredibly important settings that you need to make sure turned on both on your account and every single time that you go to post something. So, let's go through this. And please, I will warn you, do not skip this because this section has some new things in it and you want to make sure that you aren't messing these up. So, that first thing you want to make sure that you're doing in terms of settings is you want to make sure that you are adding in a custom thumbnail. The way that you're going to do this, you need to upload your content from a mobile device and then you will be allowed to do this. In fact, I literally show you how to do this in this video right here. So, essentially what you're going to do, as we can see in the thumbnail right here, is the little pencil icon. You're going to click on that and that is going to allow you to choose what kind of thumbnail is showing in your video. And you want to make sure that you have a custom thumbnail cuz as we can see here, custom thumbnail on this video, custom thumbnail on this video, custom thumbnail on this one, custom thumbnail on this one, and look at the results. They speak for themselves. 3.6 million views, 2 million views, 1.7 million, 1.4 million, 1.2 million. This is going to make a drastic difference. The next thing you want to make sure that you do is when you click into the details of one of your YouTube shorts, you want to make sure that the same keyword that shows in your title is also showing in your description and it's showing in your tags. Ideally, in your title, that keyword should show one time. In your description, it should show two times. And in your tags, it should show five times. In addition to that, if we scroll down a little bit, you want to make sure that you have a related video here that one is pushing to something that you are trying to sell or two pushing to another video that you want your audience to check out. Then after you click into subtitles, you're going to see this right here. And you want to make sure that the same keyword that shows in the title of your video, in the description of your video, in the tags of your video is going to be showing right here. As we can see, we have settings, we have grow faster on YouTube. As you know, I literally had those same exact things inside of my title, inside of my description, inside of my tag. So, those are the two most important things that you want to make sure are enabled. In fact, it's actually the three most important. It's going to be your subtitles, it's going to be your related video, and it's going to be that your metadata matches up from title to the description to the tags to the subtitles, and then also that you have a thumbnail on your YouTube shorts. So long as you're doing all of those and everything else I shared with you in this video, you are going to go viral on YouTube Shorts. It's only a matter of time of you repeating this process and sticking to it. Now, if you enjoyed this video and you want to learn more about exactly how the YouTube Shorts algorithm works right now in 2026, I would strongly suggest you check out this video right here that walks you through exactly how to do that. But if that sounds interesting, I'll see you over

  Top Comments:
  1. @dkffl [8 likes]: Good luck to all the small channels out there! We will all go viral 📈💯
  2. @RobertBenjaminChannel [5 likes]: Get Started with ContentBuddy for Free: https://contentbuddy.ai/
  3. @Modesttransformationbyceleste [4 likes]: Can you do a deep dive on doing long form videos  where to get content ideas
  4. @Anupamchauhan27 [3 likes]: wish I get more views on my shorts
  5. @GloriaJWimberley [2 likes]: 🔥Creators gather here.Keep striving; grow together. Let's go!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  6. @Zerr8319 [2 likes]: Man i'm getting tired. I'm having 80+% retention, 100+% avd, yet they're not reaching 100k 😭😭
  7. @SandmonStudio [2 likes]: I did a short today for a piece of art I’m proud of and actually got my first piece of real engagement. Exciting stuff to a YouTube novice. Hope everyone else is doing good 😊
  8. @jaycodeMusic-h1l [2 likes]: Small Chanel let's gather here 🎉
  9. @Al-Gatt [1 likes]: Please do more of these videos it has so much good information 😊 Thank you Robert 😊
  10. @helenfairytales2023 [1 likes]: Why are you not talking about the inauthentic content
  11. @Gamerbroz4life: Thank you for your help, I’m trying to grow on YouTube right now
  12. @RoboSpaceWorld: Hope that it will help❤
  13. @crescitaly: Loop-friendly endings (where the last second connects back to the first) are massively underrated for Shorts. They double watch-time without changing anything else in the content. Solid breakdown.
  14. @amysowers2664: I wish I knew what I'm doing wrong
  15. @amysowers2664: I'm just starting YouTube
  16. @MexiCreeper: Hey man I love your content you really do help, I hope you read this comment and help me to get viral because i have tried with your instructions and some have worked but id rather contact with you directly So you can help me, I really need to monetize Fast but im not allowed to work yet and i want to start helping my mother with providing food and other stuff we need at home ❤❤
  17. @diamondoma247: Who else can’t wait to step up?🥰.
  18. @Metal_Man13: Yo subscribe if you love Metal music!🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
  19. @Cloudxshroudy: Valuable content !
I will implement these onto my future content ☝️
  20. @goatshort-at: Stupid

- Small Channels.. DO THIS to GO VIRAL on YouTube Shorts in 5 Minutes (real results): Kind: captions Language: en YouTube just released a major YouTube Shorts algorithm update which made it easier than ever before to go viral on YouTube. So long as you implement the four-step process that I'm going to share with you in this video. In fact, this process helped this creator gain over a 100,000 followers, this creator almost 400,000, and this creator almost 700,000 followers all from going viral on YouTube shorts. And the same exact thing can happen to you so long as you don't skip any of these steps. Change number one is that you need to make sure that you are creating YouTube shorts around what your ideal viewer is actually searching for. Because if you're not doing this, you are going to be invisible on YouTube in 2025. If you're seeing a decrease in views or your views aren't taking off like you thought that they should, all you have to do is implement the simple trick and you're going to start to get views 24/7 and you're going to get more subscribers than you could have ever imagined because YouTube shorts right now get 3 to 5x more subscribers than any other type of content that you can upload to YouTube so long as you do the things I'm about to share with you. So all you have to do is come into YouTube studio, come into analytics, come into trends, and then you are going to see this right here. It says what people are looking for. This is going to show you what kind of YouTube shorts you should actually be making. If you click into this, you will see a bunch of different searches that your ideal viewer is doing. In addition to that, if we click onto something like this, it will then give us a bunch of other search terms that are related to that. So you shouldn't only be trying to go for the first search term. You should be making videos for all of them because the real opportunity with this is going to be those longtail search terms that you're going to be able to rank for and this is going to skyrocket your growth. I cannot emphasize this enough. People are searching for these terms 24/7. They will subscribe to your channel so long as you create content that answers their questions or whatever they're wondering about. In addition to that, you need to make sure though that you come into your content, you come into your shorts and you need to make sure that the category is actually set up correctly. For example, I am uploading this YouTube short earlier today or later today, whenever you're watching this video. If we come over here and scroll down, you're going to see that what I want to do here is I want to make sure that this category is education. And if it's a how-to video, you want to make sure that this is how-to because this is going to help this video rank for search. And as a reminder, these YouTube shorts are going to show like crazy when somebody searches for something on a mobile device, when somebody searches for something on Google, and when somebody asks an AI agent or an AI bot something because they're going to look at YouTube Shorts before anything else. Step number two is you need to make sure that you're optimizing for a new metric that YouTube just released. In fact, this is an updated metric. They changed the view swipe metric into now, did somebody actually stay and watch the video? What you need to make sure of is that more than 80% of people are choosing to watch the video. And there are basically two ways that you could do this. The first one is make sure that your title is on a topic that the viewer is actually interested in. If you're doing something like search, it's basically going to guarantee that this number is high. But other than that, you need to make sure that your content is on a topic that is going to stop your viewer and it tracks. And you need to make sure that you are opening up a curiosity gap in the viewer's head in the first 3 seconds. Ideally, in the first second of the video, here's how you can actually do that. Now, there are essentially two different ways that you could do this. The first way that you can do it is what Lil Man Jay does in this video right here. So, if we look at this video, it's gotten over 4 million views in a really short period of time. And the reason for that is because if we play this video, it is going to be him playing his latest song. He's sitting on a stool. He's got a rope tied around him. And then, as we can see, that rope is also tied to this car. And what's going to happen is the car is going to start to drive away. Now, what does this do? It opens up a curiosity loop within the viewer's head. And then they need to watch the video to see if little man Jay goes flying. Whether they like him or whether they don't like him, they want to see whether or not he is going to get tossed when this car gets through to the end. And then once that happens, the car is off the screen or we see what the resolution is, the video is over immediately. The second way to do this though is what healthy Emmy is doing right here. So if we look at this video right here, it says, "Can't stop eating chocolate. Try this." And then we go through and she says, "This is your stomach. This is chocolate." And then she starts putting the chocolate inside of this. What she is doing in this video is she is using a prop to open up a curiosity gap. And there's actually a few different ways that you could do this. You could do this how she did this right here by having chocolate in her hand and by having a thing and then putting that into the thing or you could do something like what Meredith did right here who obviously is a small YouTube channel but was able to get over 19,000 views on this video because she did it by writing things out. So she has the worst properties to buy and then she lists out number one. Now obviously people want to know what number two is and what number three is. So they're going to continue to watch the video in order to figure that out. And you need to make sure that you are doing this in the beginning of your video, ideally in the first 0 to 3 seconds of your video because that is going to open up a curiosity gap or an information gap. Then as a result, your viewer is going to be forced to watch and it is going to help you hit that metric that YouTube needs to see in order for you to go viral right now. Now, change number three is that the YouTube shorts algorithm is finally connected to the YouTube long for algorithm is finally connected to the YouTube live algorithm. What does this mean? It means that when somebody watches your YouTube shorts, they then get shown your live. They then get shown your long form content. It also means when somebody watches one of your lives or long form content, they get shown your shorts. This is finally working now how YouTube wanted it to work back in the beginning when they first release YouTube shorts. And if you don't believe me, I want you to test this. Go engage with the creators shorts. Do two or three of them. And then you're going to see you start to get shown their long form content. Or go engage with their long form content and then go to your shorts feed. You're going to see the same thing. you're going to start to get shown their shorts. So, what you need to make sure that you're doing right now is taking all of your long- form content, taking all of your lives, and turning that into YouTube shorts. Now, I know what you're thinking right now, Rob, that's going to take me an incredibly long period of time. Or Rob, I don't know what parts I should clip. Well, Rob, isn't the framing going to be messed up because long form videos are filmed basically horizontally and not vertically, so it's not going to look correct? But lucky for you, I actually have a solution for you for all these different problems. Now, change number four is that you can post way more shorts than ever before right now. And YouTube shorts are lasting way longer. In fact, it's going to take 30 to 90 days for you to actually see whether or not your YouTube short is going to end up going viral if it doesn't go viral immediately. Because what could happen is it could rank for search, it could rank for search on Google, or your audience might change. And then as a result, that video ends up getting a ton of views. In fact, I've seen this happen to so many different creators. And that's exactly why I wanted to share with you what Mike right here has done to get almost 4 million views last month and gain almost 50,000 subscribers. The way that he was able to do that is he is uploading long- form content a few days a week. He's going live once or twice a week, but also he is uploading six YouTube shorts every day. Now, these YouTube shorts might not look like they're getting a lot of views, but what actually ends up happening is this causes them to go viral predictably and go viral over and over again because going viral for you probably means that you get 50,000 views or 100,000 views or a million views depending on how many subscribers you have and how many views that you have and also how big your niche is. But what Mike figured out is it's way easier to get 10,000 views on a 100 posts or to get 100,000 views on 12 posts than to try to go viral every single time within his niche because some topics are just hit or miss in his niche and you might be dealing with the same exact thing. So look at what Mike actually does in order to pretty much guarantee he goes viral and he always gets a ton of views. So if we come into Mike's content here, I actually want to show you this. So, we come over here to channel stats. We could see that he's getting 3.6 million views a month right now, which is around 100,000 views a day or so. And the way that he's doing that, he is uploading a long- form video three times a week. He is going live once or twice a week, but then also he is uploading six YouTube shorts every day. Now, I want you to notice something. If we look at this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, and this one, these are all his most recent shorts. They don't look like they've gotten a lot of views. But if we go to the next day, what do we notice? almost 5,000 almost 4,000 almost 5,000 3,000 2,000 2,000. So, they got way more views. And if we keep scrolling back, what do we notice? 10,000 7,000 14,000. If we scroll down a little bit more, almost 8,000, almost 6,000, 5,000, 6,000, 3,000. If we keep scrolling down, the views keep going up. And this is the secret to Mike's strategy right here. He knows that he's not going to get a lot of views on these shorts when he uploads so many of them in the first 24 hours. But over time, they keep getting more and more views. And what does this result in? Mike having more videos out there. Mike ranking for search for more situations. Mike being able to talk about more topics and relate them back to his niche. And then as a result, he is getting over 100,000 views every single day. So, he's basically going viral every single day. And you could do the same exact thing no matter what niche you're in. Now, if you're struggling to implement all this, I personally want to help you. In fact, I want to work with you one-on-one to guarantee I can help you grow faster on YouTube and get more views so you can ultimately get monetized on YouTube or make more money the same way that I help this channel get over 100,000 subscribers. This channel almost 400,000 and this channel almost 700,000. I want to work with you oneonone to help you too and literally tell you everything that you need to do, what AI tools you should be using and so much more because you need to stop making YouTube harder than it is and just work with somebody that already knows exactly what you need to do. You do it and boom, you're going to see results. If that sounds interesting, well, please check out this video right here that walks you through exactly how we can work together one-on-one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [52 likes]: Sign Up To Create Viral Clips with NexusClips: https://nexusclips.com/?via=robert
  2. @Din_a_di_14 [13 likes]: this was spot on! tried editing my first short in movavi, and the transitions made my clips look way cooler
  3. @EmmaHarmony4242: I need help with my account
  4. @KachaGiddy: I hope this works 💕
  5. @Motivationandinspiration4u: Let's learn here
  6. @Motivationandinspiration4u: Hi bro..
  7. @shiro-santhesalaryman: Let s go !!! Good luck to all small channels
  8. @jamesarnoldbagavlog1046: It's still a matter of your own content that people find it interesting...😊
  9. @wanaiam: KEEP GOING, KEEP GROWING... Small YouTubers like me, BEST WISHES!! 🎉
  10. @wanaiam: Small YouTuber here 🤗
  11. @wanaiam: 🤗 Small YouTuber here
  12. @TheByte-SizedBlips: Small YouTubers let grow together
  13. @Garou18_Editzm4i: Waking up everyday and seeing nothing changes hurts the most💔😢
  14. @FilipinoLifeinAmericaVlog: Nice tips really helps...Thanks
  15. @darknessmotivation0: Small channels gather here to go viral❤
  16. @mypersonalyt1968: Let's grow together small youtubers here🎉
  17. @KrayzieReactions: This was great information
  18. @ManofGOD-x7r: you share great tricks  there
  19. @EliteGrindCo: Small channels, gather here 💪
  20. @TORONTOFRAGRANCEGUY: Here to support the new channels! I got yall on cologne

- How Jenny Hoyos Actually Makes Viral Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en - I know a couple of creators who literally make $1,000,000 per sponsored short. I have like probably one of the best strategies that I haven't seen anyone do. I think that a Shorts creator could make just as much money as a long form creator. - Today we are diving into the world of YouTube Shorts with one of the fastest rising stars on the platform, Jenny Hoyos. Jenny is by far one of the top creators making Shorts on YouTube, averaging about 10 million views per short. In this step-by-step breakdown, Jenny will be sharing her best strategies around ideation, hooks, storytelling, analytics, monetization and more. And by the end of my talk with Jenny, you should be left with a crystal clear blueprint for creating high performing Shorts. First things first, what do you feel like your overarching strategy is and the mindset that enables this level of consistency is? - I think the biggest overarching thing is treating YouTube like a business. So, I'm just making sure that I'm very on top of my schedule, like all my content is scheduled, all my content is on a calendar. I make sure that no matter what, there is a YouTube video posted on Saturday at 10:00 AM EST. So I think for me it's making sure that I do quality, quantity. So I want my videos to be quality, but I also want to make sure that I'm uploading consistently. - Even at the age of 18, Jenny has made the decision to treat her YouTube channel like a business. She's investing so much time and effort to not only grow the business but also make it profitable. In order to be profitable as a business, you need to go out and find yourself a potential customer, or in Jenny's case, a target audience. One of the things you mentioned recently was that as creators we want to be in a blue ocean as opposed to like a red ocean. But how do you deliberately position yourself in a space with little competition, which is basically what the analogy is, sorry to spoil it. - When I think of blue ocean, I think of having your own unique twist. So granted we're all gonna have idols or steal an artist, but at the end of the day, you should still have your own unique thing that makes you unique. What's your unique advantage? What are things that you're skilled at? Things in your situation that help benefit you, basically, is the way I like to see a blue ocean. I was always into entrepreneurship and business, so I knew I wanted to make videos about finance or money. And at first, I was actually copying Graham Stephan, like one-for-one, I kid you not, the exact same style, the exact same everything basically, I've unlisted those videos 'cause it's very cringe. That's just like a red ocean 'cause everyone's trying to be Graham Stephan. But then I looked at everyone else in the money/finance industry and I noticed that there's no one doing it for kids. So I knew that there was a gap in the market, essentially, and I had to do it. - Well, I would say she bridged the gap just fine. Coming from a family of extreme money savers, she picked up tips and relatable humor from them. In other words, she took an experience that was unique to her life and used it to make content that other people could relate to. But what's equally significant here is that her being a younger creator made it so that she could relate to other young people who wouldn't normally think about saving money. And if you want to attract an audience of people think about saving money, you need to make sure that your hook is spot on to get them to stop scrolling immediately. So let's talk about hooks for a little bit. Walk me through like the process for you for coming up with an incredibly catchy and effective hook? - So a good hook is concise, no more than three seconds, it needs to be very visually pleasing, very visually appealing. It needs to be so good that you can be watching the video on mute and still understand what the video's about. So I try to make sure that the composition's good. What I mean by that is like, everything's centered, in frame, I try to make sure there's no more than three objects in the frame. It needs to be so good that you can use it as a thumbnail on one of your long form videos. I think the most underrated thing in hooks is foreshadowing. So a good hook not only stops your scroll, but also makes sure you get to the end of the video. You should foreshadow what is to expect at the end. Some things that are very easy to apply is like, here are three reasons why X. So now we know the video's gonna end on three, so it doesn't need to be too complicated. Or my favorite example is, I started a video by giving my grandma a $5 Christmas present and showing her reaction. So I started with the cold open of her reacting to this $5 gift, but the thing is you don't see what the gift is until the end of the video. - I hope you can appreciate that the tips Jenny is giving us here are pure gold. Grabbing an audience's attention to get them to stop scrolling is everything when it comes to YouTube Shorts. It's important to note though, that's not the only thing, because you also need a good average view duration, you need people to watch the whole thing. In order to do that, you need to tell stories. Now I know some people kind of feel like they have a natural ability to just tell stories, but if you're anything like me, it's something that is a bit intimidating. Fortunately though, for you and me, this is something you can learn, this is a skill you can develop. So, what storytelling frameworks and techniques are you using? - I'm gonna start with the simplest ending with the hardest, retention tactic. So, the simplest one that anyone can apply is, but so storytelling. So it's basically setting up conflict and then resolving the conflict and then setting up new conflict. So imagine a story where you say, oh, I want to go on a walk. So I went outside, it started raining, and I didn't know what to do so I went back home. It's like okay, it's a story I guess, but when you use but and so it just sounds more entertaining. Like, I was at home but I got bored so I ended up going for a walk, but it started raining. So I ended up trying to figure out what to do. I was looking for an umbrella but I couldn't find one so I had to go back home. So it's like the story just seems so much more engaging when you use those words. I probably like repeat myself so many times on these Shorts, but every time I say, but, like it stops someone from scrolling, it's like, "But what?" So that's one method. And the second thing I love to do is dual narrative storytelling. So with Shorts, you wanna keep your videos very concise and it's very hard to do that because you probably wanna get across multiple different messages, but you only have like 60 seconds to do that. So what I do is this technique where I tell two stories at the same time. I tell one story through my voiceover or whatever I'm saying and the second story is told in what I'm showing. So an example of me doing this is, I wanted to give my grandma a $5 Valentine's gift present, but the reason why I was doing that is because you know, it was the first year she didn't have a valentine because my grandpa passed away, and I'm like, that's way too much context and it's also almost like too sad. I feel like people are just gonna scroll if I say that. So instead, my voiceover was me talking about me making the present for her, but I never said the additional context. Instead, I showed pictures of her with my grandpa to almost show to the viewer that this is the reason why I'm doing it without telling them that. - Jenny has admittedly studied these big creators for thousands of hours to come up with these strategies. So you can rest assured these are tried and tested by the best out there. Ryan Trahan is a prime example of using visuals to add context. But you may have noticed that Jenny and Ryan's Shorts are packed with info, but very carefully. You never wanna overwhelm an audience in your YouTube Shorts, it's all about finding a rhythm and a pacing. What are some of your best practices around structure and pacing? - My favorite pacing when it comes to, like structure and pacing since it's very similar, it is quick hook, medium paced middle, and probably a peak in somewhere in the middle, like a funny joke, back to medium pacing and then quick ending. You wanna make sure that it's almost a rollercoaster of emotions. And there's multiple theories that back this up, so one that I wanna get into is peak and theory, and it's this theory that people only remember their favorite part of a movie or whatever they're watching and the ending. You never think of like, "Oh, I remember when this boring thing happened." Which makes sense, but that's like the whole point of it. - I think because creators are forced in Shorts to keep their videos under 60 seconds long and keep their energy up, a lot of their ideas kind of get rushed through. Oftentimes the videos can lose their flow and confuse the audience. - Do not talk fast, just talk more concise and try to get the message across in the least amount of words possible. Usually you'll give like that concise, quick, action-packed, value and context and then right after giving so much context, you need to let it breathe so that they can understand the context that they just heard. - Once you've finish making a video that you're very, very excited to share, it's difficult not to just go ahead and hit publish. But before you do a good practice here is to take a step back and ask yourself a few questions. Imagine for a second that you're the viewer of this video. Does it make sense? Is it captivating? Does it capture the right emotion? Because you should absolutely be making it a priority to understand how the audience is going to feel when they watch your Short. I don't care if it's Shorts or longs, connecting with your audience is everything. How do you get insight into your audience's mindset and preferences? - I feel like the best way to do it is literally to send your videos to your avatar if possible. So for me it's very simple to just send it to a younger family member or, also my parents, but if you don't have that, utilizing your analytics is very important. I try to look at the retention graph, not the percentage. You look at the retention graph and you see like, oh, this joke just did not hit or I talked way too long for that. And you just kind of have to come up with your own assumptions and figure that out and apply it to new videos. But as for what content to make and content strategy, I'm looking for videos that are a bit old but performing in the last 48 hours because like for example right now my last 48 hours is one video from a year ago and then a bunch of them are videos from like last month. But then what what's interesting is like, why is my number one performer a video from last year? And that's how you understand what videos are actually the ones you need to recreate and what is actually resonating with your audience. For example, I'll look at, oh, what's my average duration of videos that are my top performers? That's how I know my best videos are 34 seconds, so I'll usually just toggle as many analytics as possible and see if there's any patterns there. - Yes, understanding your analytics is great for helping to increase your views and watch time and find trends within your content, but the real win lies in making content that people love. When you watch something that you love from a creator, you go back and you wanna watch more of it, that's how you build a community and grow on YouTube. What else do you intentionally do to build loyalty and get viewers like coming back habitually? - Buckets is probably 90% of creating returning viewers. So, buckets are repeatable formats and I try to keep mine very similar titled. For example, my bucket would be, $1 fast food item versus restaurant. So it would be like $1 burrito, $1 boba, $1 everything, basically. And because everything is titled and structured and formatted and the video is very similar, like all the videos are metallically linked. YouTube can easily be like, "Oh, the viewer liked when she made $1 pizza. Oh, they're gonna like when she makes a $1 sandwich or a $1 burger." It's very easy for YouTube to understand what your viewer is gonna wanna watch next. So the goal with returning viewers on Shorts is to make videos that your viewer is probably going to watch next. And you do that through structure, format and metadata such as title. If you're uploading once a week, I think two to four buckets is really reasonable. - Even though making Shorts is awesome and all this advice is really helpful, there is one glaring issue when it comes to Shorts and that is your return on investment. Honestly, are Shorts even worth it? I'm sure you've seen the adsence on Shorts for most creators is very small. But you yourself are someone who's admitted to everybody, "I love money." How can somebody who's getting into Shorts and seeing a bit of success leverage them to make money? - Shorts is totally a viable way to make money, I don't know who thought that it's not. I think that a Shorts creator could make just as much money as a long form creator, maybe not as much ad revenue, but you can make the same money. I average like 50 to a hundred million views per month on Shorts. So because of that it ranges between five to 10K per month in ad revenue, versus if I was doing long form and I was getting those views, what the heck, I'd be at what, 100K a month? Like so, theoretically ad revenue wise, it's much worse. But if you have products, courses, sponsorships, that's where the money is to be made. I know a couple of creators who literally make $1,000,000 per sponsored short. I'm just saying, so, and they get less views than me or probably about the same. You just gotta be a good businessman, good businesswoman, good business person. - I could say firsthand we've witnessed a huge surge in channels that are exclusively making YouTube Shorts, but a lot of the creators we've spoken to have a business-minded plan of eventually branching out into longer form content. Expanding your reach with long form videos is easier said than done, but not impossible. What would you tell someone who's enjoying a lot of success on their Shorts but they're struggling with long form? When I say that, I think of you as somebody who can get 10 million views in a short in your sleep, and then you know, you post a long form and you're not enjoying those same views on average, what would you say to someone who's kind of feeling the same way? - It really sucks. I think you have to see it as like two different games, like they're two completely different challenges to me. With long form, every second doesn't matter as much as it does in Shorts, because one second on a short is over 1% retention, but on a long form, one second isn't even 1% retention. So if you lose one second percentage wise it's not huge, but with Shorts it's like everything is so exponential. My strategy to convert from Shorts to long form is to literally make very similar feeling content. What I mean by that is bit-based videos, essentially creating 30 second Shorts until it adds up to an eight minute video. For example, I easily have 20 Shorts where I recreated fast food items. So imagine a long form where I did, I recreated 100 fast food items, and it's basically the same thing 'cause I know my Shorts viewers watch that. - I mean, and that sounds like a fantastic way to keep a Shorts viewer potentially hooked on a long form video. But as I'm sure you're well aware of, a lot of people struggle with this, getting people to watch... - If I created my own YouTube channel, all eyes would be on me and I would make every puny human YouTuber disappear off this platform. - Getting people to watch your long form videos, who watch your Shorts is almost impossible. How are you handling that challenge and what are you seeing in your data? - So for context, my Shorts average 10 million views per video, but my long forms range between 50 to 500K, it's a very wide range. But my top performing videos on long form are literally almost all returning viewers. So, what I am identifying is, yes, people are converting and the retention's actually great. In fact, even when I link a long form from my Short, like with the related, the new related feature, my retention is crazy high on my long forms even though they're coming from Shorts. And I think the reason is because the feel is just like very similar. - Let's be real, growing any type of channel on YouTube is challenging, Shorts, longs, algorithms, analytics, it's all too much. So, that's why we've made a video packed with 150 tips for small channels to grow fast on YouTube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CopyKatIsMe [1 likes]: Im A New Creator With 20 Subs And 2 Vids.. I Make Ai Videos... When I Posted My 3rd Video It Already Got A Warning Strike .... So I Want All Ai Channels To Be Careful.... Im Losing Hope But I Wish That Everyone Who Is Reading This Becomes A Big Content Creator One Day!! Good Luck!!!!
  2. @wangyan4039: The
  3. @neetiiiiiiiiii: Best of luck . May we all get that success we deserve.
  4. @NovasLabYT: Smart girl!
  5. @FailAuthority1: Hello sir, is it possible to collab with you please
  6. @giovanonifamily: Also be mindful that the chosen target Audience helps too. Like her audience is mostly kids... keep that in mind
  7. @HomeCats10: Yea I think I will give up again 😣 YouTube is not for me I don't even get 1k views on my shorts
  8. @DanielCarter-q6y: i love her vidoes im her biggest fan
  9. @Puertoricanmarriedtofilipina: She discovered her own formula and we need to discover our own that works for us.
  10. @Puertoricanmarriedtofilipina: What a Million Dollars huh 🤔
  11. @eero.visuals: she is really smart
  12. @shortsfoodies: shes so inspiring bro at the age of 18?? wow
  13. @TheCuriousPlate-SA: Just started my channel a week ago. Trying to follow her tips. Hope I do a good job.
  14. @TilesHop-number1: i get it
  15. @goodluckTV2020: I love this sir
  16. @Ujunwa37: Being unique in your dealing is the best 👌
  17. @Economistick: FYI, 100,000 hours is more than  6575 years. So she obviously didn't spent that time. I also don't see her blowing up shorts 🤷
  18. @InspiredSuccess-43: Just one video bringing me 500 subs and counting so I won't give up. I need a few more hundreds to hit the YTPP threshold so I'm excited 🙏
  19. @LaughTrackTVREAL: 🎉
  20. @theboyseen: Thank you so much for the tips

- how to find viral clips to use in ur yt shorts: Kind: captions Language: en okay so in this video I'm going to be answering a question that I get a ton of DMS about every single day and that is if you're making videos that have other Clips in them where do you actually find these clips so let's get right into it by the way in case you're wondering who I am I run a bunch of YouTube shorts automation channels this is one of them called stories told you can see it's pretty big 137k subs and we basically post these animal story compilation we compile a bunch of different videos and then add on a unique story line on top of it to make it transformative so we can make money from the videos that we post I'm fully transparent about the channels I own and how much they make so this channel stories told in the past 28 days has made $3,200 and an extra $3,400 with music royalties on top of that so my value prop to you guys isn't that I'm the best entrepreneur of all time or that I'm the richest I'm certainly not and if you would prefer someone richer you can go watch Iman godi right now but my value prop is that I'm going to be 100% transparent about what I do and how much money I make with it to give you guys realistic expectations and to actually build trust in what I'm doing and what I tell you guys so anyways when it comes to these specific videos we've developed a lot of our own systems and libraries and videos that we know we shouldn't pull from cuz they've gotten copyright strike so I'm not going to show you my exact process for this channel but I will show you if you're trying to find viral moments in literally any Niche exactly what I would do and what we did do at the beginning so in the beginning what we would do is we would make a new account on Instagram and literally just start going on the platform and scrolling and specifically trying to make your foru page with the type of videos that you're looking to download so if you were trying to get C car crash videos like this every time you saw one you would just like it interact with it and then anytime you got a video that wasn't a car crash video you would just click on this and then click not interested you would do this until your for you page is literally exactly what you're trying to see more of so again since our channel is Animal content we would literally curtail the Instagram account to literally show just animal content then you scroll through and you'll find a bunch of these viral videos but you can see here that when I do it there's a little download button right here which lets me automatically download the videos extremely easily as you can see here I just clicked one button and now the video is downloaded so I could literally just play it like this and we have the video and that comes from a little Chrome extension called turbo downloader for Instagram so right here turbo downloader for Instagram I'll leave the link to this in the description and basically once you have the for you page that you want you can scroll Instagram and literally quickly download any of the videos that you want without a watermark now let me show you though how you can take this one step further so let's say you found an account that you like so let's say this account posts a lot of good content I can go to this account and combine everything I know so far with another extension called sort feed I'll also description but what this allows me to do is go to an account click on sort feed and then I can sort it by all of the reels on this page which has 967 posts and then sort by the most viewed videos so I can just click this it starts actually sorting the videos by how many views they have and then I got to let it load for a second but once it loads okay never mind the 900 videos was taking too long to load honestly I let this load for a ton of time it's not working but I used to use this in the past to sort it so you're welcome to Download Sort feed and see if it actually works I guess there might have been an issue with it recently but yeah it used to work and sort the most popular videos so that would help you find of the accounts that were posting good content it would help you find the most viral ones and then you can use turbo downloader for Instagram to download all of those really quickly then once you find a bunch that are all related to the same thing you can start using those clips however you want now make sure to use only small portions of each clip and if you even are going to use someone else's content add some something original to it so add an original commentary or an original storyline and if you don't do that you're honestly not going to be able to get monetized so you have to have some original element when you make the video anyways I hope that helped the mission of this channel is to remove all gatekeeping from make money online tactics and this is a quick tactic a lot of you guys have been asking about it so I wanted to show it on my channel so you guys can actually use it for yourself if you want to support my mission of full transparency you can subscribe to show your support or join my Discord and literally just drop your best money-making sauce in the chat and just see what happens once I started being transparent with how much I made the results that I got went crazy thank you guys all so much for watching I'll catch you on the next video and peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @moneymindunfiltered [13 likes]: The best way to support my mission of full transparency is to join my discord and drop your best money-making sauce 👊: http://discord.gg/moneymind
  2. @DabstepsShorts [11 likes]: Small content creators here 
👇
  3. @PopNarrate [3 likes]: Super good method bro
  4. @ijajshaikh640 [2 likes]: will trick works as per new policy 2026
  5. @zylrr_editz [2 likes]: What's about watermark?
  6. @NinaSilver-h5r [2 likes]: What is the best strategy for choosing viral video clips to re-edit?
Choosing clips with the highest number of views
Choosing clips with high views but that are recent (for example, posted within the last week)
Choosing clips with high views but that are old (2 years or more), so possibly forgotten
My concern is this:
Recent videos may already have been re-edited and reposted by many creators, which means a lot of competition.
Older videos may be forgotten, but there is also a risk that this type of content no longer performs well today.
So, what do you think is the best strategy to make the right choice?
  7. @Burningarrow7 [2 likes]: "Remove all gatekeeping"  Meanwhile you wouldn't tell your viewers how to get non copyrighted videos. Dislike
  8. @i_postvirals [1 likes]: I never wanted to slap a King with my Sub so much.
  9. @OofNationYT [1 likes]: can this be used for ranking videos?
  10. @MindTwist012 [1 likes]: thanks this is really useful 👍
  11. @ShortShorts150: hit the nail on the head
  12. @CupcakeClips: helpfull ty!
  13. @WargaVerse: Thanks! nice insights
  14. @StudioSPL1: Money mind doing his thing
  15. @SendOrSlam: Thank you bro
  16. @ThinkFastwithin20: where  to find raw footages
  17. @Synapseofficialstudio: Bro this is helpful ❤❤
  18. @Thedailyedge-77: How are you so good at looking for viral videos
  19. @blankblank8176: 1:20
  20. @ClipXShorts1: thank you

- How to Fix YT Shorts Getting Stuck at LOW / 0 Views: Kind: captions Language: en what's good YouTube so if you're getting zero views I'm seeing a lot of zero view comments a lot of people running into this issue I've ran into it multiple times I'm just going to show you what I did to get around it what causes it and what is most likely your fix also these comments are exactly why I do this people succeeding without having to buy a course join some Community that's $100 a month you're consistent and you're making money you're making it happen that's why I do it it makes me feel good so all these all these channels out here that say like you know I'm getting zero views I'm basically just going to click on them in real time show you what to do to fix it okay so let's just go to like one of these so he's getting zero views right or one view four views I'm going to tell you what the difference is between what what causes this and how to fix it all right number one the most likely thing is you don't have an aged account okay what an aged account is and why you need it so aged accounts you need account that has like at least it needs to be at least like 2 to 3 months old in my experience my accounts that I've grown three accounts monetized accounts all have been aged accounts if you try to if you try to bust out a brand new Gmail or a brand new YouTube account like and then immediately start posting videos because so many people are doing this it the algorithm thinks it's a bot okay and it doesn't give you Impressions that's why and if you look at these these channels you'll see this so like you'll go here to the mor about whatever the date is that they started they probably started uploading almost immediately or within like a week so March 7th 2024 and we come here March 8th 2024 okay so see this is one day after and I'm not I'm not trying to on you I am genuinely I'm telling you what is going to help you okay and what is going to fix this if you upload too quickly it's going to crash and burn that is number one and I'm going to go on to the next and most likely what causes you to actually get like it hit the algorithm what doesn't but on the Aged account I really want to stress this okay it's very important you do this yes you can still get views and Impressions on a brand new account it will take you multiple more months though compared to if you have an aged account cuz if if you try to do one you immediately create it you immediately start uploading it's just not going to it's going to take way longer and honestly you'll probably crash and burn before you start to gain momentum and and these challenges what really pisses me off is they say they do it in 30 days from scratch I I don't I genuinely don't have time to watch these people's content but like this dude says I did this in 30 days from scratch or whatever 36 I think it was go to their channels dude they're all aged accounts okay 2021 so like this was uploaded 3 months ago which was like where are we at okay April 12th 2024 he says 30 days from scratch if you go to the video though this is 3 years old and no one says this cuz they don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about you they don't want you to succeed they're not going to tell you like all these gurus they leave out key details that are you up and up your success okay get an aged account best way to do this is like whatever your whatever your YouTube account is that you use every day cuz like let's be honest most you don't in Incognito it on YouTube or whatever you probably have at least one or two channels maybe you've had an upload maybe you've commented even if you haven't the the the main thing is it just needs to be like the actual account cre cretion needs to be old okay use that if someone finds it and they say oh you're posting short dude who gives a you're out here making money and grinding and they're hating okay the older you get the less of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you give about that cuz it it's just it's so brain dead for people that like you're grinding and making money so that's literally that's a whole other conversation but anyways so 30 days it's just wrong okay you need an age to count it's a straight up lie to say I've done this from scratch and they also happen to be promoting really tools that don't get the retention you need so that's why you need an aged account use any old account you have if not create an account and you have to at least wait a couple months or it's going to take longer it's not to discourage you it's it's tell you what works okay also quick note watching this back if it's the first phone number like the first account associated with the phone number you may actually be able to get away with uploading immediately I haven't done that in like a year though cuz they've all just been aged at this point but like if you're it's usually one to two accounts Max per phone number if you get and it needs to be like a new landline phone number you can't just like do Google Voice cuz I've tried that the second most likely thing that's causing this is mass uploading too quick okay now there are there are three different ways shorts hit the algorithm okay number one is it just doesn't hit it at all okay not hitting it at all is zero to one views okay this is you you physically clicking on the video after and that's the only view okay it doesn't it doesn't hit anything the second way it hits the algorithm is just the browse features quick edit it's also it can go into the shorts feed but it's mainly going into browse and it's people who have already seen your content they don't necessarily need to be subbed but it's people who have already seen your content and they've had like a decent watch percentage but it's not going into like new users seeing your so it's it's just not good if you hear the me say browse features just think not good okay that's this it's when it gets like it gets like barely any it's it's not quite Z One views but it's like barely any views and usually it's based off of how many Subs you get and it's in the browse feature so like really quick show this to you so if you go to if you go home basically when you're scrolling on YouTube and shorts pop up that's that's the browse feature so you're getting Impressions here okay but you're not getting Impressions here which is where we want them to be okay we want this in the shorts feed to new unique visitors we don't want this to only appear here only for people who have already watched our content because again we have no base right cuz like you're starting this from scratch you have eight Subs you have no base of existing audience for this to be fed to so that's why ma and mass uploading basically will put you into either the bucket of no Impressions or only browse future Impressions you don't want that okay it's it's really difficult you need to build a base first and then the Third Way is basically when it actually hits the algorithm and you get you'll get roughly a few hundred to a few thousand views generally speaking it's 1 to 2K each account each account has its own Baseline so starting out it'll usually be around 1 to 3K generally speaking you only it doesn't matter what the Baseline is you just need to establish one to get these to be in the actual shorts algorithm okay so this this right here like when you open the app and it goes straight to shorts and you want this to show up to new unique visitors you need to do you need to upload Max one per day okay take my word for it just do one per day and two I will say two two per day is okay if you're doing like let's say you upload one really late one day and it ends up being at like midnight and then the next day it ends up being like so that's like the same twice per day but just stick to one per day bro just do it because you're wasting your time because you're getting like and again I'm not on you I'm trying to help you this is not going to go viral it's going to waste your time you're going to get pissed off because it's not hitting the algorithm just do one per day okay this doesn't eliminate any like you're still probably going to get some of these but if you do one per day it's a lot more likely that all these are going to hit the algorithm so do one per day two per day is okay if it's late one day and early the next basically when they actually get impressions you have a chance of going viral okay that's all it is it's just a chance but you are significantly more likely like there is some dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] content that's gone viral and but generally speaking they at least follow the formula of that it hits the shorts like it hits the shorts algorithm okay cuz if it doesn't even hit the algorithm and it's only in like it gets into the bucket of either only browse feature Impressions right here or just straight up doesn't even hit anything it's impossible for it to get any traction okay so stick to that and then the only time it will make sense to mass up load is if you already have a very established audience okay like an established base and I'll show you really quick on that so if we go to like ESPN real quick ESPN is like one of these massive conglomerates and there's plenty of these like Dylan Anderson ESPN fit fix you can there's hundreds if not thousands of these channels okay they can spam upload and I don't know who said this but like oh you're still in dude like literally ESPN's doing this and they don't even do commentary so like it's just false but anyways they can spam up I don't even need to check this the last 5 to 10 of these are probably within the same day okay so like you can look here it's probably uploaded like less than 5 minutes ago 2 minutes ago okay so then 2 minutes ago you look at their last five this is probably uploaded in the exact same day the exact same day they can get away with it cuz they already have a massive audience but if you're just starting out where are you if you're just starting out and you don't have a base when your goes into the browse feature Impressions which is like really low it doesn't it doesn't make sense for you to mass upload you need to have at least a base but at the same in the same hand you can probably get away with it if you have if all of your videos are at least getting the shorts algorithm Baseline generally speaking though like these fresh accounts dude are like you're just starting out it's a horrible idea to mass upload like it just kills it cuz like all of these videos are not even hitting the browse feature Impressions these these three these two probably did these four probably didn't this one hit browse feature these five didn't hit anything these four didn't this one hit browse feature this one hit the shorts algorithm so like dude you've uploaded 26 video only one of them has actually hit the algorithm only one no one's going to tell you this like literally none of these none of these gurus give it about you okay they're not going to tell you that that actually matters this is what matters okay you need the where did he go you need to make sure that these hit the algorithm the best way to do that is and stick to as much as like unique content with with good commentary like new fresh commentary new content when you're first starting out you can get away with this like Mass uploading other people's content once you have an audience but when you're starting out you really have to play by the rules and play by the game that's that's basically how you solve these zero views zero Impressions Okay and like again this is a long-term game okay but even the biggest like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the planet bro you can do this I'm telling you you can do this and in 3 to 6 months you can have a decent side income I'm not selling you I am not straight up dude this guy is making it happen like there's so many comments who are like thank you or whatever else like you're you're helping me like and I need to shout out this where is this kid thank you for these like dude I'm I genuinely want you to succeed okay so like I don't know what to tell you I'm not telling you communities are basically the new courses you don't need them okay just be consistent stick to a schedule you will make it happen over over the long term okay if if you guys want like more motivational videos more shorts videos whatever else let me know if I have time I'll definitely make the videos that's it you com with through keep grinding if you grind out there peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @PachuDrops: Il come back here after 5 months il let you know then guys wait
  2. @fun_scale_0: Damm.. so much information
  3. @Pasture75: Bro I'm suffering 1k views jail and yet my apv is always above 50 percent, how could I fix
  4. @Studio81000: new  channel
  5. @voidscrolln54: Im gonna start, thanks bro
  6. @Hehenixon: hi my shorts recently stop getting pushed to the shorts feed and its an aged account. nothing seems to work and would like you ask what else can  i do
  7. @EliteMentalityEM: Thanks for advice Bro
  8. @Animestuff-cr5wi: what to do if you have mass uploaded before but then deleted the videos

on my first video i got 2.8k views but then i mass uploaded then got 1 view on all and then i deleted all vids except the 2.8k one i have not uploaded a video in it since 6 months what can i do now brother
  9. @dapbsy: 1 year old but this video is a gold, thanks!
  10. @clip_central_shorts2026: my man is only real guy here!
  11. @FunnyDanceVideos-z7m: Any one 2026 may ❤
  12. @itskonglo: So just upload less basically? i been uploading 1 to 2 times a day and been getting 0 views
  13. @itskonglo: i was wondering why i dropped from an averaging 10k to getting 0 to 1 views
  14. @QualityReformations: Bro thank you so much, i'm stuck too in 0 views jail but i don't know why
  15. @MindsOfMini_kids: how long does it usually take for the videos to hit the algorithm?
  16. @RootReelStoriesYTC: Thank you for sharing
  17. @ReuClips02: thank youuu 🎉
  18. @adriiiiii-o3u: 2021  account and it ain't getting no views
  19. @Lab404-m2s: 😢
  20. @grandma_approved: Tuff videos man keep up💪💪

- How To Prevent The "0 View Glitch" On YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en I've been doing YouTube shorts for quite a while now. And by far the most common complaint that I get asked all the time is about the zero view glitch and it's terrorizing everyone's channel and I think it's time we actually figure out some solutions to why this is happening. If you don't know who Ecom Lifter is, then you are missing out on some good YouTube shorts game. But he made a brief video explaining why. But I want to go a bit more in depth because I do know of multiple ways to help you break through that zero view barrier. Now, when I started uploading YouTube shorts back in 2023, getting zero views really wasn't an issue. As long as your videos were somewhat bearable to watch, you would easily hit the 5 to 10,000 view mark every single time. But now, it's gotten so much worse where so many people are facing this one issue. And it happens pretty frequently. Now, why could this be happening? It could be YouTube trying to cut down on the amount of short creators and fake channels that are coming on the platform. And it's important that you do everything you can to stay out of that category. Now, for reference, I have started a new channel. And in just 60 days, I was able to get that channel monetized and up to 20,000 subscribers, and it's making me some good money. So, that alone should tell you that I know what I'm talking about. And in this video, there are six things that I want to go over. So, let's get into it. So, for the first two points and the last point, you may have heard it before, but I promise you that the next few tips are something that you've never heard of because no one is talking about it. Age channels are the most common answer for getting zero views on every video that you post. And I find them to think that that's the only solution. They see you need a channel that's as old as possible. Sometimes they'll use channels that are 1 year old or even 5 years old, but I'll tell you right now that generally age doesn't really matter cuz I have channels that were made in 2016 perform very similar to how a channel in 2023 would be made. And now I'm not saying to make a new YouTube account and instantly start posting. Instead, you should make a YouTube account, wait a week or two or even a month before posting on it. And in the meantime, you can gather info about your niche and content strategy that you'll use. And there is one more thing that I want you guys to know. Just because you have an aged account doesn't mean that you won't get zero views on your video because it's bound to happen at least once or twice per account. But this is one good way to prevent that from happening. I get a lot of people messaging me that they're getting no views on any of the video. So I then ask them to send me their channels and their videos look like this. Your dream is waiting for you. What are you waiting for? And what I think you need to understand is if you're starting out, your videos are just not going to be good at all. And trust me, I was there. I mean, look at this very first video that I ever posted on YouTube shorts. Hey, some real This like a friendly message, bro. Whoever win this huh? And I really thought that that should have gone viral. At the beginning, you need to be focusing on making high quality shorts cuz over time you'll find that it's quality over quantity any day. And soon I'll be making a video on how to actually make viral shorts. And I'm going to be giving tips that literally no YouTuber has ever talked about. And they're really gatekeeping it from all of you guys. Also, realize the niche that you're in. If you're still trying to make AI stories or following those weird guys that are able to make 4.5 million videos in 60 seconds using just the canvas stuff, then you need to take a step back and look at what's actually working and find a way to stand out from everyone that is doing it. And don't be expecting to hit millions of views within your first month of doing YouTube. It literally took me 3 months before I was able to get my first million view video. And for you to think that you'll get it in one month is absurd. Now, this is where we're going to get into some spicy tips that I'm telling you, no one has ever talked about. I've been doing a bit of testing on my shorts, and one thing that I found that would tremendously help me get out of the zero view jail was posting every day at a certain time and not being too early nor too late. For one channel, I usually post around 11:00 a.m. or 12:00 p.m. And that's just what I've been doing. But anytime I posted a video around 1:00 p.m. or 2:00 p.m., I would get little to no views. So, be very strict with your uploading. And if you have to miss a day cuz you miss that little time frame, then honestly, I personally recommend that you just don't post that day and post the next day because it's happened to me so many times that I'm just so sick of it. So, give that out a couple tries. My theory is that YouTube is trying to grab an audience. And if you're posting at 6:00 p.m., then 1:00 a.m. and then 3:34 p.m. is going to have a harder time to push your videos to different audiences. Now, for the odd times that I posted on different times, it would take much longer for the videos to gain traction. And I also had one more weird problem in my channel. If I were to post from Friday through Sunday, my videos would get zero views every single time. And if you're seeing that that's happening to you, then try skipping those days for one week and then go back to posting every single day. That managed to fix it for me. And if you guys think that I'm lying, I swear to you that that is true. It literally happened for like 2 weeks, but after I did my solution, I fixed it. And if you don't get it fixed, then I guess you're out of luck. [Music] Very simple. Do not show anyone your channel. I'm talking your mom, your dad, your friend, your dog. Literally no one. Truth is, you can get 300 friends to subscribe to your channel, but if all 300 of them aren't watching any of your videos, then you're better off working from the ground up. It literally makes no sense to show anyone your channel because they won't be interacting with any of your stuff. I did this little experiment and it worked like 80% of the time. Basically, my friend would post a YouTube short and if I saw it when he first uploaded it, I'd tap on it. I'd watch it one way through and then halfway through just to get him that retention. And I thought I was doing him a favor. Then later, I'd come back to his video a few days later and saw that it was stuck at one or three views. This also reminds me not to watch your video within the first day of uploading it. You can view your YouTube studio. You can look at the analytics, but just do not click on the video. Look, I'm just trying to look out for all of you. I want to make this quick because we have two more things to go through. And this might sound even more extreme than the last thing I said, and that is to put time between your videos being exported and uploading it to YouTube. What I mean by this is exporting your video and let it sit for like an hour or so. Then after that hour or two is up, then post it. This is what I've also been doing and it seems to work quite well. But if you don't want to implement this, then that's fine by me. Let's say you've been uploading every day and during the last seven videos you've gotten 0 to 200 views. Now, you got to look and see if you maybe had a content flip by accident. Maybe those last seven videos you made were about frogs, but usually you talk about fish. Number two is that it could just be your channel being flagged or bugged. And to test it, delete three of the videos on that one channel and go ahead to another channel that you have and post those three videos on that new account. but do it once a day. Now, this will tell you if there's something wrong with the channel because if those videos do get views, then that channel is probably bugged. But if those three videos do bad on that channel as well, you're going to have to analyze whether you have bad content and making sure that the account that you posted on is aged. Sometime soon, I want to start checking out your guys' channels and doing live reviews on them and giving you guys tips and what you can improve on. And I think that would help a lot of people. This is by far the most important thing that I'm about to tell you. I really hope you're listening because it's what most people cannot do. And that is to just not give up. I started a new YouTube shorts account like four days ago and after the second video it already got zero views and when that happened I had lost all hope. After taking a step back I realized that this was only after two videos. After two uploads I wanted to quit and it made no sense. The next time YouTube gives you a zero view video. I want you to think of it like this. It's like a test from YouTube. You think they want lazy people to be rewarded for every upload that they make? Of course not. So when they throw you a zero view video, they want you to quit. But if you upload another video, they'll look at you and go, "You know what? He still wants to pursue this. We'll give him some views the next time. And now you moved on to uploading five to six videos, all getting views. And you're super happy. But once again, you get hit with the zero view video again. No problem. This happened to you last time. So you go ahead and make another video for the next day. But guess what? This one flops as well. So you go ahead and do the exact same thing the next time. And same thing. Zero views happen again. And just when you are about to quit, this is what you say. You know what? I'm going to continue posting on this cuz I know this will work out. In the next post, you're back to getting your normal views. And throughout those two weeks of uploading consistently, non-stop, you face some videos getting zero views, but you don't let that get to you. And you still managed to push through it. Sometime later, you go back and realize that some of your older videos are starting to blow up, even the ones that got zero views. And if you'd quit when YouTube gave you that one zero view video or those three consistent videos of zero views, none of this would have happened. Funny thing is is that's a true story. And it actually happened to me with my newest monetized shorts account, and that was the one that I was able to monetize in just 60 days. Make sure to subscribe if you liked what you saw in the video. Follow my Instagram @ jxv0n and I'm out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JevonJohnn [184 likes]: Hope you find the info in this video useful. These are not guaranteed to work but could have a massive impact on your channels. 

Comment your guys channels and ill be sure to make videos on them!

Edit: In the video i briefly talk about age not affecting channels too much. But i meant having a channel that’s a couple months old will preform similarly to how a 2-3 year old channel would. Do NOT make a new gmail, a new YT account, and instantly start posting on it. I would wait at LEAST a couple weeks and ideally a month or 2 before posting videos on it.
  2. @worldwearyguy1 [1 likes]: They suppress your views and have nothing to support creators emotionally. That's appalling
  3. @RankingHumans-TV [1 likes]: I’m in 0 sub jail…lol
  4. @TheNexViro: thanks bro
  5. @Unown.Studio-m3y: I Love Ur Content Bro .
It helps me a lot.
Thank Uhh❤🎉
  6. @Shiminra: terimakasih
  7. @Zade5856: Can you help me
  8. @ekpees: How can you add a pin comment without watching your video.?
  9. @ImagineCATCAT: thanks you your support ❤
  10. @BoldReplay: Do you think we should delete the videos with zero views and reupload them, or just accept the loss of it?
  11. @CuriousKokoro: Thank you for this video, i hope i will have more view and subscriber soon.
  12. @TheAmazingRanks: ive honestly been watching my videos to check errors and stuff and the thing u said might help. thanks!!
  13. @RankRabbit11: Nice
  14. @MrpunchSanity: bro real talk
  15. @GoosyRanks: jevon you are a god 😍😍
  16. @Nbaanalyst-h9x: Support small content creators!
  17. @BeziAi: Are my films that bad? I don't understand this shitty politics.
  18. @sogggyyy: I used to get thousands of views on some videos and 500 to 600 on others, but the last week, I’ve been getting 0 to 4 views on similar content. Something’s wrong, and it’s not me.
  19. @PuppyDidoFilms: Thats true spicy information z gj
  20. @InertiaVid: I believe what you said, and I will watch this video again.:yougotthis:

- If Your YouTube Shorts Get Under 500 Views… DO THIS!: Kind: captions Language: en If your YouTube shorts keep dying at under 500 views or quite frankly even a thousand views, this is going to be the best video that you've ever watched because you shouldn't let that stress you out. You shouldn't let that burn you out. Instead, you just need to adapt to the five latest YouTube algorithm changes. Because if you make the changes I share with you in this video, it's going to skyrocket your reach the same way I just helped this creator get over 40,000 subscribers, this creator over 700,000 subscribers. I don't care how many times you failed before in the past, what niche you're in. None of that stuff matters. Stop stressing yourself out. You just need to make these five changes so the YouTube algorithm actually loves you. But I will warn you, if you don't make these five changes, you're just going to keep getting less and less views. So, please make sure you don't skip any of them. Change number one, and this is really the most important thing. You need to be looking at your analytics to make sure you're actually hitting the right metrics. Now, lucky for you, there are only two metrics that YouTube cares about when it comes to YouTube Shorts. Here's what they are. Okay, so like everything I do on YouTube, I actually want to show you proof of this. So, if we look at this video right here, 362,000 views. If we look at this video, almost 7,000 views. So, this video kind of flopped. Now, the reason that this video flopped is because of two metrics that you'll see literally if you just come into your analytics and scroll down a little bit. You need to look at this stay to watch metric and you also need to look at the average view duration metric. Now, stay to watch doesn't matter what length your video is, this needs to be over 80%. What that means is that four out of every five people that are shown your content make it past the first three seconds. The way that you're going to do this is by having really good text on the screen in the beginning of your video by making your video about a topic people are actually interested in and you need to make sure you have a hook in your screen. Aka, you're getting people interested, getting them curious in the first 3 seconds so that they want to keep watching the rest of the video. The second metric you need to look at is this average view duration. Now, what you need to hit with this is going to change depending on how long your video is. If your video is less than 30 seconds long, this needs to be equal to or greater than the length of your video that shows right here. If your video is greater than 31 seconds long, this number needs to be equal to or greater than 80% of this number right here. So, as we can see right here, I didn't hit 80% state to watch, and I definitely didn't hit the average view duration that I need, which is why this video didn't do that well, and it's kind of died off. Now, if we contrast that with this video right here, that literally just one video has gotten over 360,000 views, gotten me over 500 subscribers or almost 500 subscribers, and this video continues to get over 2,000 views every single day. So literally this video gets over 50,000 views a month and it's going to continue to do that probably for a really long time is because stay to watch is over 80% and if we look at the average view duration again this video is less than 30 seconds long. It is over the length of the video. And what does that mean? That this video is going to continue to get views and keep getting views so long as people are searching for this topic cuz that's where most of the traffic's coming from. But just hitting the right metrics isn't the only thing because you can hit the right metrics, but if YouTube doesn't have a view history of people watching the content that you're uploading about, well, they're not going to know who to actually show your videos to. So, here's how you can make sure that you solve that. Okay, so just recently, YouTube actually made it way easier for you to be able to figure out whether or not the content you're going to be uploading is something that they want to show to your audience. Now, what you can do, and I'm going to show you this on a new channel over here, is you can come over to your account. You can click on analytics right here. You can click on audience and then scroll down a little bit. And this will literally show you what kind of content your audience has been watching. Now, what you want to make sure of is that this all shows recent content. As you can see, all this content is from at least or at most a week ago. If we keep going, at most a week ago. So, this is all brand new content. So, what does this show me? That I have a lively audience on YouTube that is interacting with new videos and that I should be making content about these exact topics right here. Because if I make content about these topics, it's going to skyrocket the odds YouTube has an audience for my content that is abundantly obvious and they're then going to show my videos to those people. Now, in addition to that, if you come over here to trends, you can type in what you want to post about. For example, if we looked at most of those videos over there, they were about Nano Banana. So, if I type in Nano Banana right here, what am I going to notice that there are a bunch of my competitors videos here and they're getting tons of views? Or maybe I wanted to make a video about chat. Type that in here. See, very high interest from my viewers. You need to make sure that when you type in whatever topic you're going to make that one, it is also showing in what your audience watches. But most importantly, when you type it into trends right here, you want to make sure that either one, you see viral videos from your competitors, or two, this shows you very high interest. If that said low interest, no interest, medium interest, it would be something you do not want to upload on because YouTube is literally telling you, in fact, they're begging you not to make a video on that topic because they don't know who to show it to. Now, change number three is probably one of the most overlooked things on YouTube right now. Most creators are focused on just pumping out new content, which eventually is going to lead to burnout or is just going to lead to you getting tired of making YouTube content. But it doesn't have to be that way because you could be going back and updating all of your old videos and optimizing them. And this can actually kick them back into the algorithm, which allows you to get views for pretty much doing nothing. Here's how you could do that. Now, the way that you could do this is using a tool like Vid IQ. Vid IQ is going to allow you to come over here into optimize. And then what we're going to see is that we can optimize our old long form content or our shorts if we wanted to. Now, if we click on shorts right here, this takes just a second to load and then we can go through and generate scores on how we can actually improve our content. In addition to that, if we click into this, we can see get content score right here. What this is going to do is literally watch our YouTube video and then tell us exactly what we can change. This has AI going through and doing this. You could see that it takes literally just like 20 or 30 seconds for it to watch a short and then it is going to give you advice on how to actually improve it. We could see that it's already done that with the title here and we could see all the different things that we should change about our title. We could come into details right here and see all the things that we should change or refine about the description or about the tags. And then also if we come into content, this literally went through and critiqued the hook, the rehook, the pacing, the B-roll, and all this. And this tells us exactly how we can improve our videos in the future or how we could go through and optimize them right now. And you can literally go through with this all of your past content and get all these videos to have a way higher score, which is going to help you increase the reach that you get from your old content and not have you forcing to constantly make new content. In addition to that, if you come over to home right here, you could see that you could get daily insights from an AI coach. They literally give you daily video ideas. They show you the top keyword opportunities for your channel. And they even go through and build you out a growth plan. And all of this is happening in the background with AI. And you don't actually have to prompt any of this. It does it all for you. In addition to that, if we come over to create, you could see that you could use this to write scripts. You could use this to do a bunch of other things. And if you come into discover, this literally allows you to find exactly what keywords your ideal audience is searching for, so you know exactly what content to make. And if you go to the pin comment below right now, you can get started with Vid IQ today for only $1. Please don't let a dollar be the difference between you hitting your goals on YouTube, getting the views you want, getting the subscribers you want, and ultimately being able to make a full-time living on YouTube, versus you ignoring this offer, and you just continuing to post content that nobody wants to watch, or not taking advantage of all the videos you've already made that you could be optimizing. Now, change number four is that before you go to post something new on YouTube, you need to go back and respond to all of your recent comments. Because what this is going to do is then bring those people back to your page. Those people are then going to have a view history of watching content on your channel and on the topics that you're actually uploading in. And then guess what happens? The YouTube algorithm is going to show your new content to those people. And the easiest way for you to do this is literally if you're going to upload at 11:00 a.m. today, log in at 10:50. Reply to as many comments as you can. And this is going to help get you an initial boost with that new video that you upload. And more likely than not, this is going to push your analytics over the edge of what I shared with you in step number one. And then as a result, YouTube is going to push out your content even further and hopefully to an even better audience. Now, change number five is you need to make sure that your YouTube shorts are all pointing towards each other. And there are a few different strategies that you can implement with this. But first, I have to show you how you could actually do this. Because if you go into your analytics and you see that you don't have one viewer watching multiple videos, it might be why YouTube isn't suggesting your content out. Because what YouTube wants to see is that once somebody watches one video from your channel, they end up watching two, three, even four videos from your channel. Because this is a sign that you're consistently putting out good content and that you didn't just have one video that went off and did pretty well. Instead, you want to make sure people are watching multiple videos. Okay. Now, the easiest way for you to do this is to literally just come into your videos, click on details right here. You're going to be able to scroll down, and then what you could see right here is related video. When you click on this, you could add a long form video, or you could add a YouTube short, and then that is going to link that YouTube short to that video. And like I was saying before, you want to make sure that you're doing this with all of your content. Now, there are three different strategies that you can use with this. The first strategy is what I'm doing right here. If we come over to the video that I have linked, basically it's a pitch for my mentorship program. So, what I'm trying to do is drive traffic from my YouTube short over to my mentorship program where I coach people about how to grow faster on YouTube. That is one strategy that I use here on YouTube shorts. The second strategy that I use is something that we can find. If we come over to a video like this video right here, we can see the other strategy that I'm using. If we scroll down, we could see more metrical features. So, I'm using this one not to pitch my own product, but instead to pitch an affiliate product. And then the third thing that you could do is literally just point this to your best performing videos. If you come over into analytics and you scroll down, this is going to show you your top performing videos for the last 28 days. So, what you could do is link all of your new content to these videos here because clearly it's something that your ideal audience is going to be interested in. And all three of these strategies are going to be viable for you to be able to take traffic that you're currently getting pointed to another video that they're going to like, they're going to enjoy, or they're going to benefit from. And this increase the odds that they come back to your channel to watch more content. Now, if you're still struggling to grow on YouTube and you just feel confused and like you need some help, I personally want to help you the same exact way I just helped this creator blow up and this creator blow up. In fact, I want to work with you one-on-one to guarantee I can help you grow faster on YouTube. that sounds interesting and you know that YouTube's what you want to do full-time or you want to dive head in and you want to stop failing, well then I want to help you. So check out this video right here that walks you through three ways that we can work together one-on-one and I can guarantee you grow faster on YouTube, get more subscribers on YouTube, and ultimately end up getting monetized. If that sounds interesting, well, please check it out right here. I can't wait to meet

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertBenjaminChannel [23 likes]: Get VidIQ For $1 for 30 days (BEST AI TOOLS FOR YOUTUBERS): https://vidiq.com/robertbenjamin/
  2. @Morecurlyy [4 likes]: Under 100 subscribers here 👇
  3. @TomatoTown42 [1 likes]: I have a short that has 2,377 views in one day, but my audience retention of 178.1 Precent! How many views do you think that short is gonna die at?
  4. @BababokiTV [1 likes]: SMALL YOUTUBERS GATHER HERE
👇
  5. @MoonTaleShorts: Thank you for the tips I cant wait to see how it improves my views!
  6. @NiceVideo7Up: Nice ❤❤
  7. @Gamerlana95: Im at 298 subs! And need a ton more views!
  8. @GoshokTV: It's not easy to be done! but still we're trying 💪💪💪
  9. @VoltixRL: this is not working i got 30 views from 3 videos its impossible to get more than 50views even with the help
  10. @Footlabstudio-81: I’ve been teaching myself to draw using only my foot and turning it into time-lapse art videos. It’s way harder than I thought, but the results surprised me. Respect to anyone who creates consistently 👏
  11. @MANDM1911: Just started this month and got 50 subscribers hope to get more soon ❤
  12. @ShownSolid: This is all nice, but my problem is my content is posted on a fresh account and it's getting no traction so I have no analytics to go off of.
  13. @SIVASAKTISPANDANAM: can we do this to get 1500  i canot go higher
  14. @NannaArtTherapy: I am not able to see what my audience watches, is it because i have less subscribers?
  15. @MishikasWorld22: Thanks for the tips
  16. @HorrorPax: starting out, lmk if i have anything to improve!
  17. @ambientworldsoundscapes: Thanks for the tips! I just started an ASMR relaxing music and gentle English lessons. It's slow going but I'm enjoying the journey, and doing it to help people sleep, study, relax, and learn. Good feedback so far so it's making it worth it!
  18. @HillariousThumb-b9m: Great content! 😊
  19. @EmadAman-lk4vv: Yes let's grow together 😊
  20. @Mathwai_visuals: This is helpful

- If your shorts get under 1,000 views... do this: Kind: captions Language: en if you're constantly uploading shorts and you're getting less than a thousand views here are some things you can do to fix that now in this video I'm going to give you six reasons why your shorts are missing the algorithm so let's get straight into it now I have two shorts Channels with a combined count of over 75 million views and 200,000 subscribers I've been making short phone content for over 3 years now and I've had to deal with this problem many times but I finally figured out how exactly to fix it it and this video should help you too now the first reason on this list is that you're having a view to swipe ratio issues now your view to swipe ratio is basically just how many people choose to stop and watch your video versus how many people swipe away now my view to swipe ratio average is around 70 to 30 which is barely passing if your view to Swip ratio is below 70% there's a high Chance YouTube won't push your videos as much because it basically means that most people are actively swiping away from your SHO short as opposed to watching it and that's not a good sign for the algorithm now an easy way to improve this is to upload shorts that are 20 seconds or shorter in length and by using a very strong hook at the start of the video now the reason for shorter videos is that people are just more likely to watch a full 20 second video compared to a 40-second one and you need to be able to hug people in within the first 2 seconds to make them want to stick around and watch the entire SH now the hook at the start just needs to be eye-catching and intriguing it simply just needs to be able to stop people from scrolling if you can get your view to swipe average to at least 80% which is tough I have to be honest but if you can do this you'll pretty much go viral with literally every short but usually The Sweet Spot is just anything above 70% now one of my videos has over 12 million views and the view to Swip ratio on this is 86% proving that anything above 70% will make your short go viral so if you want to get more views on your shorts you need to get your view to swipe ratio up and the next five methods I'm going to show you in this video will help you do that so listen up and make sure you listen to every single one now the second reason is that you're using a brand new account so first of all let me ask you how old is your account if you've just started a brand new channel and you started uploading shorts straight away there's a very low chance that any of those shorts will be pushed out by the YouTube algorithm now this is annoying I know because we all want to get started as soon as possible but for some reason YouTube will think you're some sort of Bot if you're a new channel and you randomly start spamming uploads so it won't push any of your shorts out at first now I first heard this from an employee at YouTube so I decided to test it out a couple of times on a brand new account and I can confirm it's true Guys YouTube for some reason doesn't like brand new accounts now with both of my main channels I had been using them for around 3 months before I posted any videos and I grew much faster this way because YouTube had already gathered enough data about me and my channels to determined that I was a human and not a bot so if you want to start a new channel and start uploading shorts please use an account that has already been set up and used before now what I mean by this is you need to use an account that you're already active on meaning you watch different channels you leave comments and you hit the like button on different videos just like active engagement now this will significantly impact how many views you get at the start now if you're planning to set up a brand new account for shorts just make sure you use this account for two to 3 weeks before just by liking watching videos and commenting on people's videos just so the algorithm recognizes that new account is in use before you start posting shorts on it I mean you can do this straight away by leaving a comment on this video here and giving it a like too this will help show you're not a bot now the third reason is that your shorts simply might just be missing the algorithm now the YouTube shorts algorithm just isn't Advanced and as Sleek as the Instagram reals or the Tik Tok algorithm it kind of feels like YouTube are still figuring out and it's definitely not perfect this means that sometimes your newly posted shorts will just completely miss being pushed by the algorithm it happens to everyone and it's not something to be worried about now if you're using an established account and your video doesn't get past 100 views at the start despite being a good video it honestly just means it didn't reach the algorithm now this happens to me on my channel sometimes even with 145,000 subscribers so don't freak out a simple trick you can try is just deleting the video If it hasn't budged in 2 days and then reuploading it on a different day and trying again for example this is my most viral show on my Travel Channel with just under 6 million views now what's crazy about this is that I had to upload it twice because the first time I uploaded it it completely missed the algorithm and it got me 47 views in 48 hours so I deleted it I changed the title and then re-uploaded it now it's got nearly 6 million views so I just hope that goes to show you how temperamental the algorithm can actually be now reason number four is that you're using incorrect tags so just like for long form videos If you really want your shorts to get more than a th000 views you need to be targeting the right people for the short so to make sure your short is shown to the right target audience you need to use the correct tags for that audience now I have a viral tags formula that I've perfected over the years and this is how I break it down so you need to split your tags into three categories one is post specific tags number two is Niche specific tags and number three is Broad tags but what exactly do I mean by each of these well firstly post specific tags need to explain exactly what the post is for example if you have a short based on a bicep workout then you'll post specific tags could be bicep workout bicep curl big bicep tips or best bicep exercise so you're basically describing exactly what the video is and putting it as a tag the next is Niche specific so this is where you use your niche as your tag for example that bicep video would be in their Health Fitness or bodybuilding Niche so that's the tags I would use for that but yours could be let's say gaming facts streaming Finance marketing or anything so whatever your Niche is you need to use that as a tag and the last ones are broad tags now these are the tags we use to go viral they literally just use ones like viral viral shorts shorts for you for you page and that kind of stuff like no real audience but everyone at the same time you need to use about three or four of each of these types of tags and I promise you you'll see your views climb massively now just a quick favor to ask guys if you're enjoying this episode please give it a like And subscribe to my channel I'll be posting videos every Tuesdays and Fridays teaching you everything I've learned over 5 years of YouTube I'm trying to grow this channel to 10,000 subscribers in record time so please help me Smash my record by liking the video and subscribing thank you now the fifth reason is that you might be uploading too much yes you heard that right you might be uploading too often and it might be hurting your growth now when you're just starting out and trying to grow it's crucial to upload at least once a day now that is simply the best way to grow your channel and get more views and I would recommend to anybody to post at least once a day but unless you already have an established Channel with a big audience uploading twice or three times a day might be counterproductive to your growth now if you currently have let's say a fewer than 100,000 subscribers and you're not yet monetized I would recommend you only post once per day at the start now there's a good reason and this is because when you upload once per day you allow the short to sit and collect information which helps the algorithm assess its performance now uploading multiple videos in a single day forces YouTube to push out more of your content which can some times be a problem because let's say one short does well but the other one doesn't the algorithm won't have enough time to P the Successful video to more people because it's working too hard trying to find an audience for the unsuccessful one which results in stagnant views for both now look realistically sometimes you'll post a short and it won't get any views at first I personally had this many times when I started my new channels but if you're patient after a couple of days YouTube might start pushing it and you can go from six views in the first 5 hours to over 10,000 views after 2 days now patience with shorts on a new account is key let the algorithm do its thing and find your audience for you if your short is good enough I promise you you'll get views if it doesn't get any views usually it's because either one of these five reasons or simply the quality is just not there yet okay then last but not least the last method in another six is hashtags in titles now this is is a big no no using hashtags in your titles is a huge waste of prime real estate your title should never include hashtags no matter what other people tell you now you never see people putting hashtags in the titles of long form videos so why should you ever do it in shorts either now the title should be used exclusively to create curiosity and make people want to click on the sh it should if you can include a keyword naturally but trust me you should never use hashtags in your title now you should always put around three hashtags in the description where it's hidden out of sight because that can be a great SEO boost but just never in your title and to prove this to you here can see all of Mr BEAST's shorts not a single one of them includes hashtags in the title so if the most successful YouTuber on Earth hasn't doing it why should you and there's your answer okay then so I teach YouTube growth on UD me and I have thousands of students and I recently had someone reach out for advice on their growth so I looked at their Channel and I could instantly see the problem they had only posted 10 videos and they're expecting massive results now I've posted well over 500 videos to YouTube and I failed many times which has finally allowed me to create a formula that actually works so if you want any more help with any of these feel free to drop a comment down below and I will try my best to look over your channel and review your content for you now if you did want to take it a step further hit the ud Link in the description down below and join one of my classes but for now thanks very much for watching I hope you enjoyed it and I hope to see you in the next one goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danthecreatr [2800 likes]: Sign up to NexusClips now using this link:  https://nexusclips.com/?via=dan
  2. @KaemiRose: nice one
  3. @Alanebz: Thanks learned so much from your videos, I just uploaded my first shorts today. Wish me luck everyone 🙌
  4. @Random_Roblox_Reviews: hi
  5. @Cliklyshorts: Lets start from 0 😂
  6. @Funnyziyeh: Learn a lot~~Thanks
  7. @CoachVonCoach: This comment section is WILD
  8. @ExclusiveGeography0804: 2:54 please support me 🙏
  9. @TheBestPaystubGenerator: I’m not a bot 😂
  10. @AyoWeezytv: Small channels class of 2026 we here. Good luck to everybody with their own journeys! 🔥❤
  11. @RetroTokenPh: thank you for this kind sir. I learned a lot!
  12. @Enesmark: Amazing
  13. @the-rank-banks: Jusy began posting guys🔥🧑‍🚒🧯
  14. @AutoBrainrott: Nice tips!
  15. @NotJohnXDShorts: This account been made years ago
  16. @RankdVerseReal: thank you
  17. @Peach_asmrr: let's grow up together!
  18. @PsycheStruct: Great video. Thanks bro 👍
  19. @RankingMasterpiece: 🔥
  20. @Bethel-ju7wi: 🎉

- How to Escape  0, 15K and 30K View Jail - On YouTube Shorts: Kind: captions Language: en The biggest issues stopping people from making money with YouTube shorts are these view jail problems. Zero view jail, 15K view jail, and 30K view jail. These three stages of view jail are something almost every shorts creator faces. In fact, many creators quit making shorts entirely because of this issue. The saddest part, I was the number one victim of this problem. But unlike other creators, I didn't quit. I failed many times. I listened to all those YouTube guru tips, tried everything from buying aged accounts to using specific posting schedules. But guess what? None of their advice worked. I got frustrated. I even started believing I was the unluckiest person ever and cried wondering why it's not working for me while others posting nonsense were going viral and making money. Out of pure frustration, I started posting randomly not to make money but to figure out the real problem. I gave it everything I had for 9 months and finally I broke through all the view jails, got millions of views and started getting paid. And for you, you don't need to spend 9 months like I did. Because in this video, I'm sharing exactly why these view jails happen and how I escaped them. All you need to do is watch until the end. I'm sure you'll enjoy this video. But before we dive in, would you mind tapping that like button and also subscribe? Because this channel is made for creators like you so we can grow together. Let's start with zero view jail. This is when you post a short and it gets literally zero views, not even one. Before jumping to the solution, let's understand why this happens. Because giving you a solution without explaining the cause is like giving you medicine without telling you what disease you have. Makes no sense, right? There are three main reasons you get stuck in zero views. One, you look like a bot. This is the most common. You post your first short and a few hours or a day later, bam, zero views. YouTube thinks you're a bot. You see, YouTube is a billion-dollar platform. They don't want bots or AI generated content running wild. They want real humans made by God making content. And just because your account is old, even from 2006, that doesn't mean YouTube will trust you. I bought many age channels. Didn't help. The problem was I didn't warm up the account. Whether your channel is new or old, you need to prove to YouTube you're a real person by doing human things. Watch YouTube videos, like and comment, subscribe to others, and share videos. Do this for 4 days, ideally up to seven, but no more than 14. And you'll escape the zero view jail. And yes, liking this video and subscribing counts, too. Just saying. Two, you changed your niche suddenly. You might already be getting thousands of views, but then you suddenly switch your niche and boom, zero views. If you're already getting 10K, 20K, or 30K views, switching niches abruptly is risky. YouTube has already analyzed your content and audience. If you upload something unrelated, the algorithm gets confused. But don't worry, I'll show you how to change niches properly later in the video. Three, you posted overused viral content. If you're reposting popular viral shorts that have already been posted thousands of times, YouTube may throttle your views. So, if you do repost viral content, make sure to transform it. Add voiceovers, captions, and emojis, on-screen icons, especially in the first 3 seconds. If you avoid these mistakes, congratulations. You've officially escaped Earo View jail. Now, let's move on to the next level. 15K view jail. If you've reached this point, congratulations. YouTube has officially recognized you as a real god-made human. Now, the problem isn't YouTube. It's your shorts packaging. You might be putting in low effort or just downloading videos from Tik Tok or reals and uploading them directly to YouTube. That kind of content needs luck to go viral. I'm not saying don't repost content. I'm saying whether it's original or reposted, what really matters is your packaging. What is packaging? To go viral on YouTube shorts, you only need three things: the hook, the retention, and the payoff. Let's break these down. One, the hook. Think of it like the thumbnail plus title in long videos. In shorts, people don't see your title or thumbnail. What matters is the first 3 seconds. If you catch their attention, they keep watching. If not, swipe your video is gone. There are two types of hooks. Visual hook, weird objects, arrows, red circles, unexpected scenes. Word hook, asking a question or saying something shocking at the start. Use either or both, but your first 3 seconds must grab attention. Two, the retention. If you're serious about content creation, don't ignore this. Retention is what keeps people watching until the end. You'll find it in movies, viral videos, ads, and top creator content. To boost retention, use good storytelling and use editing. This is optional. Depends on your niche. A solid story in the middle, higher chances of going viral. Three, the payoff. This is what viewers are unconsciously waiting for. Maybe you asked a question in the beginning and the answer comes at the end. That's your payoff. If people stay to see the payoff, they watch till the end. That's gold for the algorithm. So, if you apply these three parts, hook, retention, and payoff, you'll break through 15K view jail. Now, let's talk about the final stage, 30K view jail. At this point, I won't give you any secret hack because this stage is just a minor difference from 15K view jail. If you're getting 30K plus views, YouTube is already giving you big opportunities. But if you're not going viral now, it's likely because you have no strategy, you're not doing research, and you're not analyzing your competitors. You don't need a full overhaul. You just need a tiny fix. Take a look at your video idea, your hook, your retention, your payoff. Tweak just one of these, and there's no reason why your short can't go viral. If you're still watching, I'm 100% sure you enjoyed this video. The only way to show your support, hit that like button and subscribe to the channel. Got a question? Miss something? Drop it in the comments. I'll reply to everyone. Thanks so much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Creatie [395 likes]: Did you enjoy this video? If so, please like it and subscribe to the channel! give me free like and subs. thanks!
Free Discord Community Here, Join Now; discord.gg/KwbYBNHHt8
  2. @lacandon [1 likes]: Who else is stuck in a view jail
  3. @AKreatorContent [1 likes]: New creator here, thank you!
  4. @DrHighlightShorts: 30k view jail 😭😭
  5. @rankrenzclips: Good luck to the small content creator here!!
  6. @RefugMohit: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  7. @DiosEsBuenoAmen: This works. Thanks
  8. @NezotOffc: let's see if this works
  9. @DailyRedditrecapsreal: Thanks for the tips!
  10. @YouthUbe4U: New Channel gather here
  11. @NightKami-f6v: Thank you man ✨️
  12. @mercjestin: I'm writing this comment so youtube don't think i'm a bot😂😂
  13. @rickieverse: i am on 1,4, 10 view jail
  14. @NewOrDer-Yt: i am also facing 0 view problem
  15. @Utron-History: thanks
  16. @ThePsycheLedgerofficial: Am in a 1k jail
  17. @NeoAMV-022: Me in 1k jail 😢😢
  18. @BryabNguyen: Should I create a channel of the fist day?
  19. @TheRealBlueBirdEdits: im not even getting 2k😭✌️
  20. @vibesmerchant: Nice